<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230208_10-K_edgar_data_1359841_0001359841-23-000011.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>162131431</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1884093</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>143746300</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6957201</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4819101</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4283624</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>19</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001359841-23-000011.hdr.sgml : 20230208
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230207203204
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001359841-23-000011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		471
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230208
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230207

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hanesbrands Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001359841
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-APPAREL & ACCESSORY STORES [5600]
		IRS NUMBER:				203552316
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32891
		FILM NUMBER:		23596744

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 EAST HANES MILL ROAD
		CITY:			WINSTON-SALEM
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(336) 519-8080

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 EAST HANES MILL ROAD
		CITY:			WINSTON-SALEM
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27105

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001359841-23-000011.txt : 20230208

10-K
 1
 hbi-20221231.htm
 10-K

hbi-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State of incorporation) (I.R.S. employer identification no.) (Address of principal executive office) (Zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has led a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over nancial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting rm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of July 1, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately (based on the closing price of the common stock on that date, as reported on the New York Stock Exchange and, for purposes of this computation only, the assumption that all of the registrant s directors and executive officers are affiliates and that beneficial holders of 5 or more of the outstanding common stock are not affiliates). 
 As of February 3, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page Forward-Looking Statements 
 1 
 PART I Item 1 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 10 
 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 
 24 
 Item 1C Information About Our Executive Officers 
 24 
 Item 2 Properties 
 26 
 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 
 27 
 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 27 
 PART II Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 28 
 Item 6 [Reserved] 
 29 
 Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 46 
 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 47 
 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 47 
 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 
 47 
 Item 9B Other Information 
 47 
 PART III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 48 
 Item 11 Executive Compensation 
 48 
 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 48 
 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 48 
 Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 48 
 PART IV Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 49 
 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 
 53 
 Signatures 
 54 
 Financial Statements 
 F- 1 

Table of Contents 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains information that may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements include all statements that do not relate solely to historical or current facts, and can generally be identified by the use of words such as may, believe, will, expect, project, estimate, intend, anticipate, plan, continue or similar expressions. However, the absence of these words or similar expressions does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. All statements regarding our intent, belief and current expectations about our strategic direction, prospects and future results are forward-looking statements. Management believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made. However, caution should be taken not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements because such statements speak only as of the date when made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. In addition, forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our historical experience and our present expectations or projections. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described under Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report and those described from time to time in our future reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 Company Overview 
 Hanesbrands Inc. (collectively with its subsidiaries, Hanesbrands, we, us, our or the Company is a socially responsible leading marketer of everyday basic innerwear and activewear apparel in the Americas, Australia, Europe and Asia under some of the world s strongest apparel brands, including Hanes, Champion, Bonds , Maidenform, Bali, Bras N Things , Playtex, JMS/Just My Size, Gear for Sports, Wonderbra, Berlei, Comfortwash and Alternative . Our products are marketed to consumers shopping in mass merchants, mid-tier and department stores, specialty stores, e-commerce sites, as well as our own retail locations and websites. 
 We operate in the global innerwear and global activewear apparel categories. We believe these are stable, heavily branded categories where we have a strong consumer franchise based on a global portfolio of industry-leading brands that we have built over multiple decades, through hundreds of millions of direct interactions with consumers. Our multi-year growth strategy Full Potential plan focuses on four pillars to drive growth and enhance long-term profitability and identifies the initiatives to unlock growth. Our four pillars of growth are to grow the Champion brand globally, drive growth in Innerwear with brands and products that appeal to younger consumers, build e-commerce excellence across channels and streamline our global portfolio. In order to deliver this growth and create a more efficient and productive business model, we have launched a multi-year cost savings program intended to self-fund the investments necessary to achieve the Full Potential plan s objectives. We remain confident that our strong brand portfolio, world-class supply chain and diverse category and geographic footprint will help us unlock our full potential, deliver long-term growth and create stockholder value. 
 In the first quarter of 2021, we announced that as part of our strategic plan, we reached the decision to exit our European Innerwear business as part of our strategy to streamline our portfolio under our Full Potential plan and determined that this business met held-for-sale and discontinued operations accounting criteria. Accordingly, we began to separately report the results of our European Innerwear business as discontinued operations. On November 4, 2021, we announced that we reached an agreement to sell this business to an affiliate of Regent, L.P. and completed the sale on March 5, 2022. Unless otherwise noted, all discussion within this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including amounts and percentages for all periods, reflect the results of our continuing operations. See Note Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 In addition, in the fourth quarter of 2021, we reached the decision to divest our U.S. Sheer Hosiery business, including the L eggs brand, as part of our strategy to streamline our portfolio under our Full Potential plan and determined that this business met held-for-sale accounting criteria. We are currently exploring potential purchasers for this business and expect to complete the sale within the next 12 months. See Note Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 In June of 2022, we purchased the Champion trademark for footwear in the United States, Puerto Rico and Canada from Keds, LLC KEDS for 103 million. The trademark was recorded in Trademarks and other identifiable intangibles, net line in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and has an indefinite life. We previously licensed the Champion trademark for footwear in these locations. The purchase of the trademark was part of an agreement with KEDS settling litigation between the two parties and is another step forward in our Full Potential plan of growing the global Champion brand. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

In November 2022 and in February 2023, given economic conditions and the associated impact on earnings, we amended the credit agreement governing our Senior Secured Credit Facility to modify the financial covenants in order to avoid a potential covenant violation and to provide operating flexibility as described in Note Debt to our consolidated financial statements and Liquidity and Capital Resources within Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We expect to maintain compliance with our covenants for at least one year from the issuance of these financial statements based on our current expectations and forecasts, however economic conditions or the occurrence of events discussed under Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or other SEC filings could impact our ability to maintain compliance or require us to seek additional amendments to the credit agreement. 
 Unlike most apparel companies, Hanesbrands primarily operates its own manufacturing facilities. Over 60 of the apparel units that we sell are manufactured in our own plants or those of dedicated contractors. Owning the majority of our supply chain benefits cost, scale and flexibility, as well as improves our ability to adhere to best-in-class management and environmental practices. 
 We take great pride in our strong reputation for ethical business practices and the success of our corporate responsibility program for community and environmental improvement. Hanesbrands earned a leadership level A- score in both the 2022 CDP Climate Change Report and the 2022 CDP Water Security Report, placing us in the top 11 and top 12 , respectively, out of the nearly 15,000 companies rated. We have received either the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Energy Star Sustained Excellence Award or Partner of the Year Award for 13 consecutive years. We are also a recognized leader for our community-building, philanthropy and workplace practices. 
 In late 2020, we announced our commitment to making the world a more comfortable, livable and inclusive place by establishing new wide-ranging 2025/2030 global sustainability goals and launching a new sustainability website, www.HBISustains.com. This website is designed to increase our transparency and reporting on key metrics and is being updated yearly to track our progress against these long-term goals. We made excellent progress in 2021 and continued to do so in 2022. 
 We approach sustainability from a broad, holistic perspective across our three pillars of People, Planet and Product. Our efforts are also focused in areas addressed by the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, such as: good health and well-being; quality education; gender equality; climate action; clean water and sanitation; affordable and clean energy; economic growth; reduced inequalities; and responsible consumption and production. 
 Our fiscal year ends on the Saturday closest to December 31. All references to 2022 , 2021 and 2020 relate to the 52-week fiscal year ended on December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, and the 53-week fiscal year ended on January 2, 2021, respectively. 
 We make available copies of materials we file with, or furnish to, the SEC free of charge at www.Hanes.com/investors (in the Investors section). By referring to our corporate website, www.Hanes.com/corporate , our sustainability website, www.HBISustains.com , or any of our other websites, we do not incorporate any such website or its contents into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our Brands 
 Our portfolio of leading brands is designed to address the needs and wants of various consumer segments across a broad range of basic apparel products. Our brands have strong consumer positioning that helps distinguish them from competitors and guides their advertising and product development. We discuss some of our most important brands in more detail below. 
 Hanes is the largest and most widely recognized brand in our portfolio. Hanes is the number one selling apparel brand in the United States and is found in nine out of ten U.S. households. The Hanes brand covers all of our product categories, including men s underwear, women s panties, children s underwear, bras, socks, T-shirts, fleece and shapewear. Hanes stands for outstanding comfort, style and value. Hanes is one of the most widely distributed brands in apparel, with a presence across mass merchandise retailers, e-commerce sites, discount stores and department stores. Through collaborations with third parties, the brand has also gained distribution with specialty retailers and high-end retail establishments. Following the successful launch of Hanes Total Support Pouch underwear platform in 2021, this year Hanes launched the Hanes Originals line of innovative products with more modern silhouettes aimed at younger consumers. Our Hanes Originals launch at select retailers in November and December in Canada and the U.S., respectively, was the first multi-category, multi-geography product introduction under our new global innovation process. 
 Champion is our second-largest brand. Founded in Rochester, New York in 1919, Champion has always been known for authentic American style and performance and helped pioneer some of the most important innovations in athleticwear, including reverse weave sweatshirts, mesh practice uniforms and sports bras. Champion athleticwear can be found in sporting goods retailers, e-commerce sites, department stores, college bookstores and specialty retailers, as well as in our own retail locations and our Champion.com website. In addition, Champion has collaborated with designers and other iconic brands 
 2 

Table of Contents 

around the world, including Hasbro Gaming, General Mills, Muhammad Ali, Sesame Street, Todd Snyder, Cobra Kai, the Beastie Boys, Disney and Stranger Things. We believe the Champion brand continues to be a powerful global growth platform for Hanesbrands. 
 Our global portfolio includes another megabrand with strong heritage and deep household penetration in its respective market. The Bonds brand is over a century old and is Australia s largest and most well-known innerwear brand, holding the number one position in men s underwear, women s panties, children s underwear, socks, and the baby clothing category. The portfolio also extends to casual apparel, activewear, sleepwear and bras. With a market penetration above 90 , there are over 12 items of Bonds in every Australian household. Historically a wholesale only brand, Bonds now boasts a retail store network of over 140 stores, a thriving e-commerce business and growing omnichannel services making it easier for consumers to interact across multiple direct to consumer formats. 
 Our portfolio also includes a number of iconic intimate apparel brands. Maidenform is America s number one shapewear brand and has been trusted for stylish, modern bras, panties and shapewear since 1922. Bali offers a range of bras, panties and shapewear sold in the department store channel and is the number one bra brand in U.S. department stores. Playtex, an iconic American brand, offers a range of full-figure wirefree support bras and is sold everywhere from mass merchandise retailers to department stores. 
 In addition, we offer a variety of products under the following well-known brands: Bras N Things , JMS / Just My Size, Gear for Sports , Wonderbra, Berlei, Comfortwash and Alternative . 
 These brands complement our primary product offerings, allowing us to give consumers a variety of options to meet their diverse needs. 
 Our Segments 
 Our operations are managed and reported in three operating segments, each of which is a reportable segment for financial reporting purposes: Innerwear, Activewear and International. These segments are organized principally by product category and geographic location. Each segment has its own management team that is responsible for the operations of the segment s businesses, but the segments share a common supply chain and media and marketing platforms. 
 The following table summarizes our operating segments by product category: 
 Segment Primary Products Primary Brands Innerwear Basics, including men s underwear, women s panties, children s underwear and socks and intimate apparel, such as bras and shapewear Hanes , Maidenform, Bali, Champion, Playtex, JMS/Just My Size , Bras N Things , Polo Ralph Lauren 
 Activewear T-shirts, fleece, sport shirts, performance T-shirts and shorts, sports bras, thermals and teamwear Champion , Hanes , Gear for Sports, Comfortwash , Alternative , JMS/Just My Size , Hanes Beefy-T 
 International Activewear, men s underwear, women s panties, children s underwear, intimate apparel, socks and home goods Champion , Bonds, Sheridan , Bras N Things , Hanes , Wonderbra , Berlei , Playtex, Zorba, Sol y Oro, Rinbros, Polo Ralph Lauren 

Brand used under a license agreement. 
 Innerwear 
 Our Innerwear segment includes core apparel products, such as men s underwear, women s panties, children s underwear, socks and intimate apparel which includes bras and shapewear, sold in the United States, under well-known brands that are trusted by consumers. We are an intimate apparel category leader in the United States with our Hanes , Maidenform , Bali , Champion, Playtex and JMS/Just My Size brands, and we are also the leading manufacturer and marketer of men s underwear and children s underwear in the United States under the Hanes , Champion and Polo Ralph Lauren brands. During 2022, net sales from our Innerwear segment were 2.4 billion, representing approximately 39 of total net sales. 
 Activewear 
 Our Activewear segment includes activewear products, such as T-shirts, fleece, performance apparel, sport shirts and thermals, sold in the United States. We are a leader in the activewear market through our Champion , Hanes, Gear for Sports, Comfortwash, Alternative and JMS / Just My Size brands, where we sell products such as T-shirts and fleece to both retailers and wholesalers. We license our Champion name for footwear and sports accessories. We also sell licensed logo apparel primarily 
 3 

Table of Contents 

in the mass retail channel and in collegiate bookstores. During 2022, net sales from our Activewear segment were 1.6 billion, representing approximately 25 of total net sales. 
 International 
 Our International segment includes innerwear, activewear and home goods products, sold outside of the United States, that are primarily marketed under the Champion , Bonds , Sheridan , Bras N Things , Hanes, Wonderbra , Berlei , Playtex , Zorba , Sol y Oro , Rinbros and Polo Ralph Lauren brands. Our Innerwear brands are market leaders across Australia and certain markets in Latin America. In Australia, we hold the number one market share in intimate apparel, and we are also the category leader in men s underwear. During 2022, net sales from our International segment were 1.9 billion, representing approximately 31 of total net sales. Our largest international markets are Australia, Europe, Japan, Canada, China, Mexico and Latin America. 
 The following table summarizes our brands and product categories sold within each international region: 
 International Country/Region Primary Products Primary Brands Australia Basics, including men s underwear, women s panties, children s underwear and socks and intimate apparel, such as bras and shapewear Bonds , Bras N Things , Berlei 
 Activewear Champion Home goods Sheridan Europe Activewear Champion Asia Basics, including men s underwear, women s panties, children s underwear and socks and intimate apparel, such as bras and shapewear Hanes, Wonderbra , Playtex , Champion, Polo Ralph Lauren 
 Activewear Champion Americas (excluding the United States) Basics, including men s underwear, women s panties, children s underwear and socks and intimate apparel, such as bras and shapewear Hanes , Wonderbra , Rinbros, Zorba, Sol y Oro 
 Activewear Champion 
 Brand used under a license agreement. 
 Customers and Distribution Channels 
 Our products are primarily distributed through our wholesale customers stores and websites, as well as through our own stores and websites. In 2022, approximately 69 of our total net sales were in the United States and approximately 31 were outside the United States. Our largest customer is Walmart Inc. Walmart ), accounting for 16 of our total net sales in 2022. As is common in the basic apparel industry, we generally do not have purchase agreements that obligate our customers to purchase our products. However, the majority of our key customer relationships have been in place for 10 years or more. Walmart is our only customer with sales that exceeded 10 of our total net sales in 2022, with substantially all Walmart sales reported within our Innerwear and Activewear segments. 
 Sales to mass merchants in the United States accounted for approximately 19 of our total net sales in 2022 and included all of our product categories under our Hanes , Playtex, Maidenform and JMS / Just My Size brands, as well as licensed logo apparel. Mass merchants feature high-volume, low-cost sales of basic apparel items along with a diverse variety of consumer goods products, such as grocery and drug products and other hard lines. Our largest mass merchant customer is Walmart. 
 Sales to mid-tier and department stores in the United States accounted for approximately 8 of our total net sales in 2022. Mid-tier stores target a higher-income consumer than mass merchants, focus more on sales of apparel items rather than other consumer goods such as grocery and drug products. We sell all of our product categories in mid-tier stores. Traditional department stores target higher-income consumers and carry more high-end, fashion conscious products than mid-tier stores or mass merchants and tend to operate in higher-income areas and commercial centers. We sell products in our intimate apparel, underwear, socks and activewear categories through department stores. 
 Consumer-directed sales in the United States accounted for approximately 17 of our total net sales in 2022. We sell products that span across the Innerwear and Activewear product categories in the e-commerce environment through our owned e-commerce websites and through pure play e-commerce sites. We also sell a range of our products through our retail and value-based outlet stores, as well as through the e-commerce sites of our brick-and-mortar retail customers. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Sales to other customers in the United States represented approximately 25 of our total net sales in 2022. We sell T-shirts, golf and sport shirts and fleece sweatshirts to wholesalers and third-party embellishers primarily under our Hanes , Champion and Hanes Beefy-T brands. We also sell a significant range of our underwear, activewear and socks products under the Champion brand to wholesale clubs and sporting goods stores. We sell primarily underwear products under the Hanes brands to food, drug and variety stores. We also sell licensed logo apparel in collegiate bookstores. We sell products that span across our Innerwear and Activewear segments to the United States military for sale to servicemen and servicewomen and through discount retailers. 
 Internationally, approximately 56 of our net sales were wholesale sales to retailers and 44 of our net sales were consumer-directed sales through our owned retail stores and e-commerce sites. For more information about our sales on a geographic basis, see Note Geographic Area Information to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Manufacturing, Sourcing and Distribution 
 During 2022, over 60 of the apparel units we sold were from finished goods manufactured through a combination of facilities we own and operate, and facilities owned and operated by dedicated third-party contractors who perform some of the steps in the manufacturing process for us, such as dyeing, cutting and/or sewing. We sourced the remainder of our finished goods from third-party manufacturers who supply us with finished products based on our designs. In making decisions about the location of manufacturing operations and third-party sources of supply, we consider a number of factors, including labor, local operating costs, geopolitical factors, product quality, regional infrastructure, applicable quotas and duties and freight costs. We believe that our balanced approach to product supply, which relies on a combination of owned, contracted and sourced manufacturing located across different geographic regions, increases the efficiency of our operations, reduces product costs, diversifies risk and offers customers a reliable source of supply. 
 Finished Goods That Are Manufactured by Hanesbrands 
 The manufacturing process for the finished goods that we manufacture begins with raw materials we obtain from suppliers. The principal raw materials in our product categories are cotton and synthetics. Cotton and synthetic materials are typically spun into yarn by our suppliers, which is then knitted into cotton, synthetic and blended fabrics. We source all of our yarn requirements from large-scale domestic and international suppliers. To a lesser extent, we purchase fabric from several domestic and international suppliers in conjunction with our scheduled production. In addition to cotton yarn and cotton-based textiles, we use thread, narrow elastic and trim for product identification, buttons, zippers, snaps and lace. These fabrics are cut and sewn into finished products, either by us or by third-party contractors. We currently operate 30 manufacturing facilities. Most of our cutting and sewing operations are strategically located in Asia, Central America and the Caribbean Basin. Alternate sources of these materials and services are readily available. 
 Finished Goods That Are Manufactured by Third Parties 
 In addition to our own manufacturing capabilities, we also source finished goods from third-party manufacturers, also referred to as turnkey products. Many of these turnkey products are sourced from international suppliers by our strategic sourcing hubs in Asia. 
 All contracted and sourced manufacturing must meet our high-quality standards. Further, all contractors and third-party manufacturers must be pre-audited and adhere to our strict supplier and business practices guidelines. These requirements provide strict standards that, among other things, cover hours of work, age of workers, health and safety conditions, freedom of association and conformity with local laws (including wage and hour laws) and Hanesbrands standards. Each new supplier must be inspected and agree to comprehensive compliance terms prior to commencing any production on our behalf. We audit compliance with these standards against our 265-question, scored audit protocol using both internal and external audit teams. We are also a fully accredited participating company in the Fair Labor Association. For more information, visit www.HBISustains.com . 
 Distribution 
 As of December 31, 2022, we distributed our products from 45 distribution centers. These facilities include 16 facilities located in the United States and 29 facilities located outside the United States, primarily in regions where we sell our products. We internally manage and operate 24 of these facilities, and we use third-party logistics providers who operate the other 21 facilities on our behalf. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Inventory 
 We believe effective inventory management is key to our success. Because our customers generally do not purchase our products under long-term supply contracts, but rather on a purchase order basis, effective inventory management requires close coordination with the customer base. We seek to ensure that products are available to meet customer demands while effectively managing inventory levels. We employ various types of inventory management techniques that include collaborative forecasting and planning, supplier-managed inventory, key event management and various forms of replenishment management processes. Our supplier-managed inventory initiative is intended to shift raw material ownership and management to our suppliers until consumption, freeing up cash and improving response time. We have demand management planners in our customer management group who work closely with customers to develop demand forecasts that are passed to the supply chain. We also have professionals within the customer management group who coordinate daily with our larger customers to help ensure that our customers planned inventory levels are in fact available at their individual retail outlets. Additionally, within our supply chain organization we have dedicated professionals who translate the demand forecast into our inventory strategy and specific production plans. These individuals work closely with our customer management team to balance inventory investment/exposure with customer service targets. 
 Seasonality and Other Factors 
 Absent the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, our operating results are subject to some variability due to seasonality and other factors. For instance, we have historically generated higher sales during the back-to-school and holiday shopping seasons and during periods of cooler weather, which benefits certain product categories such as fleece. Our diverse range of product offerings, however, provides some mitigation to the impact of seasonal changes in demand for certain items. Sales levels in any period are also impacted by customer decisions to increase or decrease their inventory levels in response to anticipated consumer demand. Our customers may cancel orders, change delivery schedules or change the mix of products ordered with minimal notice to us. Media, advertising and promotion expenses may vary from period to period during a fiscal year depending on the timing of our advertising campaigns for retail selling seasons and product introductions. 
 Inflation can have a long-term impact on us because increasing costs of materials and labor may impact our ability to maintain satisfactory margins. For example, the cost of the materials that are used in our manufacturing process, such as oil-related commodities and other raw materials, including cotton, dyes and chemicals, and other costs, such as fuel, energy and utility costs, can fluctuate as a result of inflation and other factors. Disruptions to the global supply chain due to factory closures, port congestion, transportation delays as well as labor and container shortages may negatively impact product availability, revenue growth and gross margins. We will work to mitigate the impact of the global supply chain disruptions through a combination of cost savings and operating efficiencies, as well as pricing actions, which could have an adverse impact on demand. 
 Changes in product sales mix can impact our gross profit as the percentage of our sales attributable to higher margin products, such as intimate apparel and men s underwear, and lower margin products, such as seasonal and replenishable activewear, fluctuate from time to time. In addition, sales attributable to higher and lower margin products within the same product category fluctuate from time to time. Our customers may change the mix of products ordered with minimal notice to us, which makes trends in product sales mix difficult to predict. However, certain changes in product sales mix are seasonal in nature, as sales of socks and fleece products generally have higher sales during the last two quarters (July to December) of each fiscal year as a result of cooler weather, back-to-school shopping and holidays, while other changes in product mix may be attributable to consumers preferences and discretionary spending. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Product Innovation and Marketing 
 A significant component of our business strategy is our strong product research and development and innovation capabilities, including the development of new and improved products, including our Tagless apparel platform, Comfort Flex Fit apparel platform, ComfortBlend fabric platform, temperature-control X-Temp fabric platform, FreshIQ advanced odor protection technology fabric platform, SmoothTec fabric technology, Cool Comfort fabric technology, DreamWire underwire technology and Reverse Weave StormShell Fleece fabric technology. More recently, we launched Comfort Flex Fit Total Support Pouch boxer briefs, offering a proprietary pouch construction, including unique breathable mesh inserts to help men feel secure, separated and supported. The Total Support Pouch platform is the subject of a number of patent registrations and pending applications. In 2022, we launched a new and improved line of the Total Support Pouch platform that incorporates our X-Temp fabric technology, and we expect the patented pouch construction will continue to play a significant role in our innovation pipeline. As noted above, we also launched an innovative line of underwear we are calling Hanes Originals the first multi-category, multi-geography product introduction under our new global innovation process. Finally, our product research and development teams have done remarkable work to develop a proprietary absorbent layering platform, which we believe has significant opportunity for platform expansion. 
 Driving innovat ion platforms across brands and categories is a major element of our business strategy as it is designed to meet key consumer needs and leverage advertising dollars. During 2022 and 2021, our advertising and promotion expense was approximately 209 million in both years, representing 3.4 of our total net sales in 2022 compared to 3.1 of net sales in 2021. We advertise in consumer and trade publications, television and through digital initiatives including social media, online video and mobile platforms on the Internet. We also participate in cooperative advertising on a shared cost basis with major retailers in print and digital media and television. 
 Competition 
 The basic apparel market is highly competitive and rapidly evolving. Competition generally is based upon brand, comfort, fit, style and price. Our businesses face competition today from other large domestic and foreign corporations and manufacturers. In the United States, across our Innerwear and Activewear segments, we compete with Fruit of the Loom, Inc., a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., through its own offerings and those of its Russell Corporation and Vanity Fair Intimates offerings. Other competitors in our Innerwear segment include Victoria s Secret Co., Jockey International, Inc. and retailers private label offerings. Other competitors in our Activewear segment that we compete with both in the United States and internationally include Gap Inc., Nike, Puma, Adidas and Under Amour. We also compete with many small manufacturers across all of our business segments, including our International segment. Additionally, mass merchant retailers, department stores and other retailers, including many of our customers, market and sell basic apparel products under private labels and controlled brands that compete directly with our brands. Our competitive strengths include our strong brands with leading market positions, our industry-leading innovation, our high-volume, core products focus, our significant scale of operations, our global supply chain and our strong customer relationships. We continually strive to improve in each of these areas. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We market our products under hundreds of our own trademarks in the United States and other countries around the world, the most widely recognized of which are Hanes, Champion, Bonds , Maidenform, Bali, Sheridan, Playtex, Bras N Things , JMS/Just My Size, Gear for Sports, Wonderbra, Berlei, Comfortwash and Alternative ,. Some of our products are sold under trademarks that have been licensed from third parties, such as Polo Ralph Lauren men s underwear, and licensed apparel for a number of colleges and universities, including the University of Georgia, the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, the University of Texas, The Ohio State University and Wake Forest University. 
 Some of our trademarks are licensed to third parties, such as Champion for athletic-oriented accessories. In the United States and Canada, the Playtex trademark is owned by Playtex Marketing Corporation, of which we own a 50 interest and which grants to us a perpetual royalty-free license to the Playtex trademark on and in connection with the sale of apparel in the United States and Canada. In Europe, we license the Playtex and Wonderbra trademarks to the DIM Brands International Group for the sale of innerwear products in the European Union, the United Kingdom and a number of European countries. The DIM Brands International Group also has the right to distribute Maidenform -branded innerwear products in the European Union, the United Kingdom, and several other European countries. Outside the United States and Canada, we own the Playtex trademark and perpetually license such trademark to an unaffiliated third party for non-apparel products. We own the Berlei trademark in Australia, New Zealand, South Africa and a limited number of smaller jurisdictions. Apart from these jurisdictions, the Berlei trademark is owned by an unaffiliated third party in most major markets, including Japan, China, the United States and the European Union. Our trademarks are important to our marketing efforts and have substantial value. 
 We aggressively protect these trademarks from infringement and dilution through appropriate measures, including court actions and administrative proceedings. Although the laws vary by jurisdiction, trademarks generally remain valid as long as 
 7 

Table of Contents 

they are in use and/or their registrations are properly maintained. Most of the trademarks in our portfolio, including our core brands, are covered by trademark registrations in the countries of the world in which we do business, in addition to many other jurisdictions around the world, with a registration period of 10 years in most countries. Generally, trademark registrations can be renewed indefinitely as long as the trademarks are in use. We have an active program designed to ensure that our trademarks are registered, renewed, protected and maintained. We plan to continue to use all of our core trademarks and plan to renew the registrations for such trademarks as needed. 
 We also own a number of copyrights. Most of our copyrights are unregistered, although we have a sizable portfolio of copyrighted lace designs that are the subject of a number of registrations at the United States Copyright Office. 
 We place high importance on product innovation and design, and a number of these innovations and designs are the subject of patents. When appropriate, we take the necessary steps to enforce our patent rights against infringement. However, we do not regard any segment of our business as being dependent upon any single patent or group of related patents. In addition, we own proprietary trade secrets, technology and know-how that we have not patented. 
 Governmental Regulation and Environmental Matters 
 We are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations in the United States that could affect our business, including those promulgated under the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Consumer Product Safety Act, the Flammable Fabrics Act, the Textile Fiber Product Identification Act, the rules and regulations of the Consumer Products Safety Commission and various environmental laws and regulations. Some of our international businesses are subject to similar laws and regulations in the countries in which they operate. Certain of our products are required to be manufactured in compliance with applicable governmental standards. Our operations also are subject to various international trade agreements and regulations. While we believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable governmental regulations, current governmental regulations may change or become more stringent or unforeseen events may occur, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. 
 We are also subject to various domestic and international laws and regulations relating to generating emissions, water discharges, waste, product and packaging content and workplace safety. Noncompliance with these laws and regulations may result in substantial monetary penalties and criminal sanctions. We are aware of hazardous substances or petroleum releases at certain of our facilities and are working with the relevant environmental authorities to investigate and address such releases. We also have been identified as a potentially responsible party at certain waste disposal sites in the United States undergoing investigation and cleanup under the federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (commonly known as Superfund) or state Superfund equivalent programs. Where we have determined that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can reasonably be estimated, we have accrued amounts on our balance sheet for losses related to these sites. Compliance with environmental laws and regulations and our remedial environmental obligations historically have not had a material impact on our operations, and we are not aware of any proposed regulations or remedial obligations that could trigger significant costs or capital expenditures in connection with such compliance. 
 Compliance with government regulations, including environmental regulations, has not had, and based on current information and the applicable laws and regulations currently in effect, is not expected to have a material effect on our capital expenditures (including expenditures for environmental control facilities), earnings or competitive position. However, laws and regulations may be changed, accelerated or adopted that impose significant operational restrictions and compliance requirements upon our Company and which could negatively impact our operating results. See Item 1A - Risk Factors. 
 Sustainability 
 Unlike most apparel companies, we primarily self-manufacture our own products in facilities that we own and operate or those of our dedicated third-party contractors. Owning the majority of our supply chain not only impacts cost, scale and flexibility, but also allows us to adhere to best-in-class management and environmental practices. We are protective of our strong reputation for corporate citizenship and social responsibility and proud of our significant achievements in the areas of environmental stewardship, workplace quality and community building. 
 Issues such as climate change, water stress and unethical labor or human rights practices within supply chains pose risks to our business and our ability to produce our products in an ethical and sustainable manner. We assess and evaluate these risks annually as part of our Enterprise Risk Management process, which is overseen by the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. We also have a dedicated team responsible for managing our global sustainability program. Our Chief Executive Officer is responsible for setting overall business strategy, including our commitment to sustainability. He directly oversees our Sustainability Executive Steering Committee which has ultimate management oversight of our global sustainability program and meets quarterly to assess the program s effectiveness. To drive the program across our entire organization on a global basis, we have also put in place a Global Sustainability Consortium made up of over 45 associates from multiple countries and functional areas who are responsible for executing our global sustainability initiatives and goals. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

We approach sustainability from a broad, holistic perspective and focus our efforts in areas addressed by the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, such as: good health and well-being; quality education; gender equality; climate action; clean water and sanitation; affordable and clean energy; economic growth; reduced inequalities; and responsible consumption and production. In late 2020, we continued our commitment to making the world a more comfortable, livable and inclusive place by establishing new, wide-ranging 2025/2030 global sustainability goals and launching a new sustainability website www.HBISustains.com . This website is designed to increase our transparency and reporting on key metrics and will be updated yearly to track progress against our long-term goals. Key highlights of our 2030 global sustainability goals include: 
 People: By 2030, improve the lives of at least 10 million people through health and wellness programs, diversity and inclusion initiatives, improved workplace quality, and philanthropic efforts that improve local communities. 
 Planet: By 2030, significantly reduce greenhouse gas emissions to align with science-based targets, reduce water use by 25 , use 100 renewable electricity in company-owned operations, and bring landfill waste to zero. 
 Product: At an even quicker pace, eliminate all single-use plastics (or ensure that those not eliminated are commonly recyclable or compostable) and reduce packaging weight by 25 , while also moving to 100 recycled or degradable polyester and sustainably sourced cotton. 
 We have made excellent progress against these goals, and these efforts build upon our long-standing commitment to sustainability. Hanesbrands earned a peer-leading A- score in both the 2022 CDP Climate Change Report and the 2022 CDP Water Security Report, placing us in the top 11 and top 12 , respectively, out of the nearly 15,000 companies rated. We have received either the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Energy Star Sustained Excellence Award or Partner of the Year Award for 13 consecutive years. In late 2021, we submitted new science-based greenhouse gas goals to the Science-Based Targets Initiative which call for an additional 50 reduction in direct emissions and 30 reduction in indirect emissions by 2030. We are also members of the Fair Labor Association, and the Sustainable Apparel Coalition and we have been recognized for our socially responsible business practices by such organizations as social compliance rating group , Baptist World Aid, the United Way, Codespa, Corporate Responsibility magazine and others. 
 Human Capital Management 
 Employees and Labor Relations 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 51,000 employees, over 88 of whom (approximately 45,000 employees) are located outside the United States. Over 80 of our employees (approximately 41,000 employees) are employed in our large-scale supply chain facilities located primarily in Central America, the Caribbean Basin and Asia. Approximately 98 of our employees (approximately 50,000 employees) consist of full-time employees. As of December 31, 2022, five employees in the United States were covered by collective bargaining agreements. A significant portion of our employees based in foreign countries are represented by works councils or unions or are subject to trade-sponsored or governmental agreements. We believe our relationships with our employees are good. 
 Health and Safety 
 We prioritize the health and safety of our employees. We have created and implemented processes and training programs to maintain safe and healthy work environments in our offices, manufacturing facilities, distribution centers and retail stores, and we review and monitor our performance closely. During the year ended December 31, 2022, our Occupational Safety and Health Administration ("OSHA") recordable rate was 0.27, a decrease of 10 compared to the prior year. In response to the COVID-19 global pandemic, we continued our enhanced health and safety operating procedures by, among other things: 
 Providing additional sanitation and enhanced ventilation; 
 Requiring mandatory mask and face shield usage for certain roles and responsibilities; 
 Maintaining social distancing measures; 
 Utilizing protective barriers, such as sneeze guards; 
 Limiting building occupancy and staggering work schedules; 
 Zoning employees to segregate work teams; 
 Requiring daily digital health self-assessments; and 
 Rigorous contact tracing, testing and quarantining of employees when needed. 
 In addition, we provided enhanced employee benefits to our global workforce to ensure access to care, including onsite wellness clinics, free COVID-19 testing and mental health resources. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Diversity and Inclusion 
 As a global company operating in 32 countries on six continents, our employees represent different backgrounds, ethnicities, cultures, religions, genders, sexual orientations and ages. We believe these different perspectives strengthen our business and we strive to build an inclusive culture. As of December 31, 2022, our global workforce was approximately 32 male and 68 female, and of our domestic workforce, our employees were approximately 55 white, approximately 22 Black or African American, approximately 16 Hispanic, approximately 4 Asian, approximately 1 American Indian or Alaskan Native and approximately 2 two or more races or other. We believe we have made significant progress in diversity and inclusion, but we are committed to doing more. In 2021, we launched aggressive diversity goals which we strive to attain by 2025, including i) aiming for at least 25 representation of people of color, and ii) maintaining 50 women, at each case at the senior manager and above levels within our U.S. workforce. As of December 31, 2022, our representation of people of color at the senior manager and above levels within our U.S. workforce was approximately 19 (as compared to 16 in 2021), and representation of women at the senior manager and above levels within our U.S. workforce was approximately 50 (as compared to 49 in 2021). 
 Talent Development 
 Our talent strategy is focused on attracting the best talent, recognizing and rewarding their performance, and continually developing, engaging and retaining them. We regularly review succession plans and conduct annual assessments to identify talent needs, assess how we are positioned from a talent perspective, and prioritize actions to identify and develop talent. We also cultivate a learning environment that drives individual and business results by developing employees to reach their full potential. HBI University, our global learning platform, provides employees with access to thousands of e-learning courses, as well as instructor-led and virtual courses to strengthen technical skills, leadership, productivity, business acumen and soft skills. During 2022, over 80,000 micro-learning and other online courses were completed globally and over 1,000 people attended in-person or virtual learning sessions in the United States. In addition, world-class management and leadership development programs in our large manufacturing hubs in Central America, the Caribbean Basin and Asia provide the foundational skills required for key talent and rising managers in our global supply chain and develop capacities for current and future leaders of the organization. 
 Culture and Engagement 
 In order to achieve our human capital objectives, we regularly conduct employee surveys to understand the effectiveness of our employee and compensation programs and where we can improve across our company. Our latest survey completed in 2020 had a participation rate of 59 of the 9,500 employees surveyed (which is nearly double the benchmark participation rate). The survey results indicated that we excel in areas including: overall engagement, clear expectations and a link between individuals work and Hanesbrands goals and objectives, and understanding strategic goals of the organization. We are launching our 2023 employee survey shortly and look forward to the results of that survey. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 This section describes circumstances or events that could have a negative effect on our financial results or operations or that could change, for the worse, existing trends in our businesses. The occurrence of one or more of the circumstances or events described below could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows or on the trading price of our common stock. The risks and uncertainties described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties that currently are not known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial also may adversely affect our businesses and operations. 
 Strategic Risks 
 Our future success depends in part on our ability to successfully implement our strategic plan and achieve our global business strategies, including our Full Potential plan. 
 We are implementing a significant number of strategic initiatives focused on building a consumer-centric company, accelerating growth across business segments, enhancing our capabilities and strengthening the foundation of our company. There can be no assurance that these or other future strategic initiatives will be successful to the extent we expect, or at all. Furthermore, we are investing significant resources in these initiatives and the costs of the initiatives may outweigh their benefits. We cannot assure you that our management will be able to manage these initiatives effectively or implement them successfully. If we miscalculate the resources or time we need to complete these strategic initiatives or fail to implement them effectively, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

We operate in a highly competitive and rapidly evolving market, and our market share and results of operations could be adversely affected if we fail to compete effectively in the future. 
 The basic apparel market is highly competitive and rapidly evolving. Competition generally is based upon brand, comfort, fit, style and price. Our businesses face competition today from other large domestic and foreign corporations and manufacturers, as well as mass merchant retailers, department stores and other retailers, including many of our customers, that market and sell basic apparel products under private labels that compete directly with our brands. Also, online retail shopping is rapidly evolving, and we expect competition in the e-commerce market to intensify in the future as the Internet facilitates competitive entry and comparison shopping. If we do not successfully develop and maintain a relevant omni-channel experience for our customers, our businesses and results of operations could be adversely impacted. Increased competition may result in a loss of or a reduction in shelf space and promotional support and reduced prices, in each case decreasing our cash flows, operating margins and profitability. Our ability to identify and capitalize on retail trends, including technology, e-commerce and other process efficiencies to gain market share and better service our customer base will, in large part, determine our future success. If we fail to compete successfully, our market share, results of operations and financial condition will be materially and adversely affected. 
 The rapidly changing retail environment could result in the loss of or material reduction in sales to certain of our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 The retail environment is highly competitive as consumers are increasingly embracing shopping online and through mobile commerce applications. As a result, a greater portion of total consumer expenditures with retailers is occurring online and through mobile commerce applications. If our brick-and-mortar retail customers fail to maintain or grow their overall market position through the integration of physical retail presence and digital retail, these customers may experience financial difficulties including store closures, bankruptcies or liquidations. This could, in turn, create difficulty in moving our products to market, which would increase inventories or backlog, substantially reduce our revenues, increase our credit risk and ultimately have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 If our advertising, marketing and promotional programs are unsuccessful, or if our competitors are more effective with their programs than we are, our sales could be negatively affected. 
 Ineffective marketing, advertising and promotional programs could inhibit our ability to maintain brand relevance and could ultimately decrease sales. While we use social media, websites, mobile applications, email, print and television to promote our products and attract customers, some of our competitors may expend more for their programs than we do, or use different approaches than we do that prove more successful, any of which may provide them with a competitive advantage. If our programs are not effective or require increased expenditures that are not offset by increased sales, our revenue and results of operations could be negatively impacted. 
 Our customers may require products on an exclusive basis, forms of economic support and other changes that could be harmful to our business. 
 Customers increasingly may require us to provide them with some of our products on an exclusive basis, which could cause an increase in the number of stock keeping units, or SKUs, we must carry and, consequently, increase our inventory levels and working capital requirements. Moreover, our customers may increasingly seek markdown allowances, incentives and other forms of economic support, which reduce our gross margins and affect our profitability. Our financial performance is negatively affected by these pricing pressures when we are forced to reduce our prices without being able to correspondingly reduce our production costs. 
 Operational Risks 
 Any inadequacy, interruption, integration failure or security breach with respect to our information technology could harm our ability to effectively operate our business and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Our ability to effectively manage and operate our business depends significantly on information technology systems. The failure of these systems to operate effectively and support global growth and expansion, problems with integrating various data sources, challenges in transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems, difficulty in integrating new systems or systems of acquired businesses, or a breach in security of these systems could adversely impact the operations of our business. 
 Despite our policies, procedures and programs designed to ensure the integrity of our information technology systems, we may not be effective in identifying and mitigating every risk to which we are exposed. Furthermore, from time to time we rely on information technology systems which may be managed, hosted, provided and/or accessed by third parties or their vendors 
 11 

Table of Contents 

to assist in conducting our business. Such relationships and access may create difficulties in anticipating and implementing adequate preventative measures or fully mitigating harms after a breach. 
 Hackers and data thieves are increasingly sophisticated and operate large-scale and complex attacks that may include computer viruses or other malicious codes, ransomware, unauthorized access attempts, denial of service attacks and large-scale automated attacks, phishing, social engineering, hacking and other cyber-attacks. Breaches of our network or databases, or those of our third-party providers, may result in the loss of valuable business data, misappropriation of our consumers or employees personal information, or a disruption of our business, which could give rise to unwanted media attention, impair our ability to order materials, make and ship orders, and process payments, materially damage our customer relationships and reputation, and result in lost sales, fines or lawsuits. 
 Moreover, there are numerous laws and regulations regarding privacy and the storage, sharing, use, processing, transfer, disclosure and protection of personal data, the scope of which is changing, subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent between states within a country or between countries. Globally, new and emerging laws, such as the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR and the Network and Information Systems Directive NISD in Europe, the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation UK-GDPR in the United Kingdom, state laws in the U.S. on privacy, data and related technologies, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act and amendments from the California Privacy Rights Act (together, CPRA create new compliance obligations and expand the scope of potential liability, either jointly or severally with our customers and suppliers. Non-compliance with these laws could result in penalties or significant legal liability. Although we take reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we will not be subject to regulatory action, including fines, in the event of a data security incident or allegations of a privacy or data protection violation. We or our third-party service providers could be adversely affected if legislation or regulations are expanded to require changes in our or our third-party service providers business practices or if governing jurisdictions interpret or implement their legislation or regulations in ways that negatively affect our or our third-party service providers business, results of operations or financial condition. Misuse of or failure to secure personal information could also result in violation of data privacy laws and regulations, proceedings, and potentially significant monetary penalties, against us by governmental entities or others, damage to our reputation and credibility, and could have a negative impact on revenues and profits. 
 
 We must successfully implement our new global enterprise resource planning system and maintain and upgrade our IT systems, and our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 From time to time, we expand and improve our IT systems to support our business going forward. Consequently, we are in the process of implementing, and will continue to invest in and implement, modifications and upgrades to our IT systems and procedures, including making changes to legacy systems or acquiring new systems with new functionality, and building new policies, procedures, training programs and monitoring tools. 
 We are engaged in the implementation of a new global enterprise resource planning system ERP ), which requires significant investment of human and financial resources. The ERP is designed to efficiently maintain our financial records and provide information important to the operation of our business to our management team. In implementing the ERP, we may experience significant increases to inherent costs and risks associated with changing and acquiring these systems, policies, procedures and monitoring tools, including capital expenditures, additional operating expenses, demands on management time and other risks and costs of delays or difficulties in transitioning to or integrating new systems policies, procedures or monitoring tools into our current systems. Any significant disruption or deficiency in the design and implementation of the ERP may adversely affect our ability to process orders, ship product, send invoices and track payments, fulfill contractual obligations, maintain effective disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting or otherwise operate our business. These implementations, modifications and upgrades may not result in productivity improvements at a level that outweighs the costs of implementation, or at all. In addition, difficulties with implementing new technology systems, such as ERP, delays in our timeline for planned improvements, significant system failures or our inability to successfully modify our IT systems, policies, procedures or monitoring tools to respond to changes in our business needs in the past have caused and in the future may cause disruptions in our business operations, increase data security risks, and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our inability to successfully recover should we experience a disaster or other business continuity problem could cause material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm, or legal liability. 
 We have a complex global supply chain and distribution network that supports our ability to consistently provide our products to our customers. Should we experience a local or regional disaster or other business continuity problem, such as an earthquake, tsunami, terrorist attack, pandemic or other natural or man-made disaster, our continued success will depend, in part, on the safety and availability of our personnel, our office facilities, and the proper functioning of our computer, telecommunication and other systems and operations. Climate change serves as a risk multiplier increasing both the frequency 
 12 

Table of Contents 

and severity of natural disasters that may affect our worldwide business operations. Therefore, forecasting disruptive events and building additional resiliency into our operations accordingly will become an increasing business imperative. 
 We may experience operational challenges in the event of a disaster, in particular depending upon how a local or regional event may affect our human capital across our operations or with regard to particular aspects of our operations, such as key executive officers or personnel in our technology group. If we cannot respond to disruptions in our operations, for example, by finding alternative suppliers or replacing capacity at key manufacturing or distribution locations, or cannot quickly repair damage to our information, production or supply systems, we may be late in delivering, or be unable to deliver, products to our customers. These events could result in, among other negative impacts, reputational damage, lost sales, cancellation charges or excessive markdowns. 
 Infectious disease outbreaks, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Our business could be adversely affected by infectious disease outbreaks, such as the novel strain of coronavirus commonly referred to as COVID-19. COVID-19, which emerged beginning in the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2019, has spread rapidly across the globe, including throughout all major geographies in which we operate, resulting in adverse economic conditions and business disruptions, as well as significant volatility in global financial markets. Governments worldwide, and most recently in China, have periodically imposed varying degrees of preventative and protective actions, such as temporary travel bans, stay-at-home orders, and forced business closures or other operational restrictions, including reduced capacity limits and operating hours, all in an effort to reduce the spread of the virus. Such factors, among others, have resulted in a significant decline in retail traffic, tourism, and consumer spending on discretionary items. 
 As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have experienced varying degrees of business disruptions and periods of closure of our stores, distribution centers, and corporate facilities, as have our wholesale customers, licensing partners, suppliers, and vendors. Collectively, these disruptions have had a material adverse impact on our business throughout the pandemic, particularly during Fiscal 2020. Despite the introduction of COVID-19 vaccines, the pandemic remains highly volatile and continues to evolve, including the emergence of variants of the virus, such as the Delta and Omicron variants, which has and could continue to adversely affect consumer sentiment and confidence. Accordingly, we cannot predict for how long and to what extent this crisis will continue to impact our business operations or the overall global economy. Potential impacts to our business include, but are not limited to: 
 our ability to successfully execute our long-term growth strategy; 
 potential declines in the level of consumer purchases of discretionary items caused by higher unemployment and lower disposable income levels, inflationary pressures, travel and social gathering restrictions, work-from-home arrangements, or other factors beyond our control; 
 the potential build-up of excess inventory as a result of store closures and/or lower consumer demand; 
 temporary closures or other operational restrictions of our distribution centers; 
 supply chain disruptions resulting from closed factories, reduced workforces, scarcity of raw materials, shipping and loading capacity constraints, and scrutiny or embargoing of goods produced in infected areas, including any related cost increases; 
 our ability to attract, retain, and manage employees in the current environment, which include remote working arrangements; 
 additional costs to protect the health and safety of our employees, customers, and communities, such as more frequent and thorough cleanings of our facilities and supplying personal protection equipment; 
 increased vulnerability to data security or privacy breaches as a result of a substantial portion of our corporate employees continuing to work remotely; 
 our ability to access capital markets and maintain compliance with covenants associated with our existing debt instruments, as well as the ability of our key customers, suppliers, and vendors to do the same with regard to their own obligations; and 
 our ability to generate sufficient cash flows to support our operations, including repayment of our debt obligations as they become due, as well as to return value to our shareholders in the form of dividend payments and repurchases of our common stock. 
 Additional discussion related to the various risks and uncertainties described above is included elsewhere within this "Risk Factors" section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

The risks associated with climate change and other environmental impacts and increased focus by stakeholders on corporate responsibility issues, including those associated with climate change, could negatively affect our business and operations. 
 Our business is susceptible to risks associated with climate change, including through disruption to our supply chain and the productivity of our contract manufacturing, potentially impacting the production and distribution of our products and availability and pricing of raw materials. Large portions of our supply chain are located in Central America and the Caribbean, where there has been a steady surge of hurricanes in recent years. Increased frequency and intensity of weather events (such as storms and floods) due to climate change could also lead to more frequent store closures and/or lost sales as customers prioritize basic needs. 
 In many countries, governmental bodies are enacting new or additional legislation and regulations to reduce or mitigate the potential impacts of climate change. If we, our suppliers, or our contract manufacturers are required to comply with these laws and regulations, or if we choose to take voluntary steps to reduce or mitigate our impact on climate change, we may experience increased costs for energy, production, transportation, and raw materials, increased capital expenditures, or increased insurance premiums and deductibles, which could adversely impact our operations. Inconsistency of legislation and regulations among jurisdictions may also affect the costs of compliance with such laws and regulations. Any assessment of the potential impact of future climate change legislation, regulations or industry standards, as well as any international treaties and accords, is uncertain given the wide scope of potential regulatory change in the countries in which we operate. 
 There is also increased focus from our stakeholders, including consumers, employees and investors, on corporate responsibility matters. Although we have announced our corporate sustainability strategy and 2025/2030 sustainability goals on our sustainability website, www.HBISustains.com , there can be no assurance that our stakeholders will agree with our strategy or that we will be successful in achieving our goals. Failure to implement our strategy or achieve our goals could damage our reputation, causing our investors or consumers to lose confidence in our company and brands, and negatively impact our operations. Even if we are able to achieve our 2025/2030 sustainability goals, our business will continue to remain subject to risks associated with climate change. 
 The loss of one or more of our suppliers of finished goods or raw materials may interrupt our supplies and materially harm our business. 
 We purchase all of the raw materials used in our self-manufactured products and our sourced finished goods from a limited number of third-party suppliers and manufacturers. Our ability to meet our customers needs depends on our ability to maintain an uninterrupted supply of raw materials and finished products from our third-party suppliers and manufacturers. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected if any of our principal third-party suppliers or manufacturers experience financial difficulties that they are not able to overcome resulting from worldwide economic conditions, production problems, difficulties in sourcing raw materials, lack of capacity or transportation disruptions, or if for these or other reasons they raise the prices of the raw materials or finished products we purchase from them. The magnitude of this risk depends upon the timing of any interruptions, the materials or products that the third-party manufacturers provide and the volume of production. 
 Our dependence on third parties for raw materials and finished products subjects us to the risk of supplier failure and customer dissatisfaction with the quality of our products. Quality failures by our third-party manufacturers or changes in their financial or business condition that affect their production could disrupt our ability to supply quality products to our customers and thereby materially harm our business. 
 We rely on a relatively small number of customers for a significant portion of our sales, and the loss of or material reduction in sales to any of our top customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 In 2022, our top 10 customers accounted for approximately 45 of our total net sales. Our top customer, Walmart, accounted for 16 of our total net sales in 2022. We expect that these customers will continue to represent a significant portion of our net sales in the future. Moreover, our top customers are the largest market participants in our primary distribution channels across all of our product lines. We generally do not enter into purchase agreements that obligate our customers to purchase our products, and as a result, most of our sales are made on a purchase order basis. A decision by any of our top customers to significantly decrease the volume of products purchased from us could substantially reduce revenues and may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, if any of our customers devote less selling space to apparel products in general or our products specifically, our sales to those customers could be reduced even if we maintain our share of their apparel business. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Our results of operations could be materially harmed if we are unable to manage our inventory effectively and accurately forecast demand for our products. 
 We are faced with the constant challenge of balancing our inventory levels with our ability to meet marketplace needs. Factors that could affect our ability to accurately forecast demand for our products include our ability to anticipate and respond effectively to evolving consumer preferences and trends and to translate these preferences and trends into marketable product offerings, as well as unanticipated changes in general economic conditions or other factors, which result in cancellations of orders or a reduction or increase in the rate of reorders placed by retailers. 
 Inventory reserves can result from the complexity of our supply chain, a long manufacturing process and the seasonal nature of certain products. We sell a large number of our products to a small number of customers, and these customers generally are not required by contract to purchase our goods. As a result, we often schedule internal production and place orders for products with third-party manufacturers before our customers orders are firm. If we fail to accurately forecast consumer demand, we may experience excess inventory levels or a shortage of product required to meet the demand. Inventory levels in excess of consumer demand may result in inventory write-downs and the sale of excess inventory at discounted prices, which could have an adverse effect on the image and reputation of our brands and negatively impact profitability. On the other hand, if we underestimate demand for our products, our manufacturing facilities or third-party manufacturers may not be able to produce products to meet consumer requirements, and this could result in delays in the shipment of products and lost revenues, as well as damage to our reputation and relationships. These risks could have a material adverse effect on our brand image as well as our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Additionally, sudden decreases in the costs for materials may result in the cost of inventory exceeding the cost of new production; if this occurs, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows, particularly if we hold a large amount of excess inventory. Excess inventory charges can reduce gross margins or result in operating losses, lowered plant and equipment utilization and lowered fixed operating cost absorption, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 Our business depends on our senior management team and other key personnel. 
 Our success depends upon the continued contributions of our senior management team and other key personnel, some of whom have unique talents and experience that would be difficult to replace. The loss or interruption of the services of a member of our senior management team or other key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business during the transitional period that would be required for a successor to assume the responsibilities of the position. Our future success will also depend on our ability to develop and/or recruit employees with the core competencies needed to support our growth in global markets and in new products or services. We may not be able to attract or retain these employees, which could adversely affect our business. 
 We had approximately 51,000 employees worldwide as of December 31, 2022, and our business operations and financial performance could be adversely affected by changes in our relationship with our employees or changes to United States or foreign employment regulations. 
 We had approximately 51,000 employees worldwide as of December 31, 2022, approximately 45,000 of whom were outside of the United States. This means we have a significant exposure to changes in domestic and foreign laws governing our relationships with our employees, including wage and hour laws and regulations, fair labor standards, minimum wage requirements, overtime pay, unemployment tax rates, workers compensation rates, citizenship requirements and payroll taxes, which likely would have a direct impact on our operating costs. A significant increase in minimum wage or overtime rates in countries where we have employees could have a significant impact on our operating costs and may require that we relocate those operations or take other steps to mitigate such increases, all of which may cause us to incur additional costs, expend resources responding to such increases and lower our margins. 
 In addition, a significant number of our international employees are represented by works councils or unions or are subject to trade sponsored or governmental agreements. If there were a significant increase in the number of our employees who are members of labor organizations or become parties to collective bargaining agreements, we would become vulnerable to a strike, work stoppage or other labor action by these employees that could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Financial Risks 
 Significant fluctuations and vol atility in the price of various input costs, such as cotton and oil-related materials, utilities, freight and wages, may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Inflation can have a long-term impact on us because increasing costs of materials and labor may impact our ability to maintain satisfactory margins. For example, we have recently experienced significant inflation in labor, materials and shipping costs. The cost of the materials that are used in our manufacturing process, such as oil-related commodities and other raw materials, including cotton, dyes and chemicals, and other costs, such as fuel, energy and utility costs, can fluctuate as a result of inflation and other factors. Similarly, a significant portion of our products are manufactured in other countries and declines in the value of the U.S. dollar may result in higher manufacturing costs. In addition, sudden decreases in the costs for materials may result in the cost of inventory exceeding the cost of new production, which could result in lower profitability, particularly if these decreases result in downward price pressure. If, in the future we incur volatility in the costs for materials and labor that we are unable to offset through price adjustments or improved efficiencies, or if our competitors unwillingness to follow our price changes results in downward price pressure, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected. 
 Our business depends on consumer purchases of discretionary items, which can be negatively impacted during an economic downturn or periods of inflation. This could materially impact our sales, profitability and financial condition. 
 Many of our products may be considered discretionary items for consumers. Many factors impact discretionary spending, including general economic conditions, unemployment, the availability of consumer credit and inflationary pressures and consumer confidence in future economic conditions. Global economic conditions may continue to be uncertain, particularly in light of the impacts of COVID-19, the ongoing military conflict in Ukraine, and other economic uncertainty, and the potential impacts of increasing inflation in the United States (our largest market) remain unknown, making trends in consumer discretionary spending unpredictable. Historically, consumer purchases of discretionary items tend to decline during recessionary periods when disposable income is lower or during other periods of economic instability or uncertainty, which may lead to declines in sales and slow our long-term growth expectations. Any near or long-term economic disruptions in markets where we sell our products, particularly in the United States, Asia Pacific or other key markets, may negatively impact and materially harm our sales, profitability and financial condition and our prospects for growth. In addition, we are unable to predict whether consumer preferences for discretionary items will shift and the level of consumer spending within our industry will be negatively impacted for a period of time as a result of any ongoing impacts of COVID-19, the ongoing military conflict in Ukraine and other economic uncertainty. If this were to occur, our sales and prospects for growth may be negatively impacted. 
 We are subject to certain risks as a result of our indebtedness. 
 Our indebtedness primarily includes (i) our senior secured credit facility (the Senior Secured Credit Facility ), which includes a 1 billion revolving loan facility (the Revolving Loan Facility ), a portion of which is available to be borrowed in Euros or Australian dollars, and a 1 billion term loan facility (the Term Loan Facility ), (ii) our 900 million 4.625 Senior Notes due 2024 (the 4.625 Senior Notes ), (iii) our 900 million 4.875 Senior Notes due 2026 (the 4.875 Senior Notes ), (iv) our 500 million 3.5 Senior Notes due 2024 (the 3.5 Senior Notes , and together with the 4.625 Senior Notes and the 4.875 Senior Notes, the Senior Notes and (v) our accounts receivable securitization facility (the ARS Facility ), which permits borrowings up to 225 million. 
 The Senior Secured Credit Facility contains restrictions that affect, and in some cases significantly limit or prohibit, among other things, our ability to borrow funds, pay dividends or make other distributions, make investments, engage in transactions with affiliates, or create liens on our assets. Covenants in the Senior Secured Credit Facility and the ARS Facility require us to maintain a minimum interest coverage ratio and a maximum total debt to EBITDA (earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation expense and amortization), or leverage ratio. At our option, we may add one or more tranches of term loans or increase the commitments under the Revolving Loan Facility so long as certain conditions are satisfied, including, among others, that no default or event of default is in existence, we are in pro forma compliance with the financial covenants set forth in the Senior Secured Credit Facility and (with respect to ratio-based incremental amount) our senior secured leverage ratio is not greater than 3.50 to 1.00 on a pro forma basis after giving effect to the incurrence of such indebtedness. In addition, in November 2022 and in February 2023, the Company entered into amendments to the Senior Secured Credit Facility that effect changes to certain provisions and covenants under the Senior Secured Credit Facility during the period beginning with the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 and continuing through the fiscal quarter ending March 30, 2024, or such earlier date as we may elect (such period of time, the Covenant Relief Period ), including: (a) an increase in the maximum consolidated net total leverage ratio to 5.25 to 1.00 for the quarter ended December 31, 2022, 6.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ending April 1, 2023, 7.25 to 1.00 for the quarter ending July 1, 2023, 6.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September 30, 2023, 5.25 to 
 16 

Table of Contents 

1.00 for the quarter ending December 30, 2023, and 5.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March 30, 2024, and reverting back to 4.50 to 1.00 for each quarter after the Covenant Relief Period has ended; (b) a reduction of the minimum interest coverage ratio from 3.00 to 1.00 to 2.60 to 1.00 for the quarter ended December 31, 2022 and the quarter ending April 1, 2023, 2.00 to 1.00 for the quarters ending July 1, 2023, September 30, 2023 and December 30, 2023, and 2.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March 30, 2024, with an increase to 2.75 to 1.00 for each quarter after the Covenant Relief Period has ended; (c) suspension of restricted payments in connection with share repurchases; (d) suspension of restricted payments pursuant to the Company's leverage ratio-based and "Available Amount" restricted payments baskets, (e) a cap on annual dividend payments of 75 million, which will revert back to the greater of (x) 350 million and (y) 8.0 of Total Tangible Assets after the Covenant Relief Period has ended; (f) suspension of the Company s Available Amount basket for investments in foreign subsidiaries and other investments; (g) suspension of the 0.50 to 1.00 increase in the maximum permitted consolidated net total leverage ratio resulting from a material permitted acquisition; and (h) the addition of two new tiers to the top of the pricing grid if the maximum consolidated net total leverage ratio exceeds 5.00 to 1.00 and 5.50 to 1.00. In conjunction with the Second Amendment, we transitioned the Senior Secured Credit Facility from the London Interbank Offered Rate to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR with a 10 basis points credit spread adjustment already included in the Senior Secured Credit Facility. In addition, the Third Amendment limits the Company's ability to incur incremental secured indebtedness during the Covenant Relief Period to 1.75 billion, subject to compliance with the financial covenants. 
 The indentures governing the Senior Notes also restrict our ability to incur additional secured indebtedness in an amount that exceeds the greater of (a) 3.0 billion or (b) the amount that would cause our consolidated secured net debt ratio to exceed 3.25 to 1.00, as well as certain other customary covenants and restrictions. 
 These restrictions and covenants could limit our ability to obtain additional capital in the future to fund capital expenditures or acquisitions, meet our debt payment obligations and capital commitments, fund any operating losses or future development of our business affiliates, obtain lower borrowing costs that are available from secured lenders or engage in advantageous transactions that monetize our assets or conduct other necessary or prudent corporate activities. Any failure to comply with these covenants and restrictions could result in an event of default that accelerates the maturity of our indebtedness and increases the interest rate on the outstanding principal amount under such facilities, resulting in an adverse effect on our business. 
 The lenders under the Senior Secured Credit Facility have received a pledge of substantially all of our existing and future direct and indirect U.S. subsidiaries and certain foreign subsidiaries, with certain customary or agreed-upon exceptions for certain subsidiaries. Additionally, these lenders generally have a lien on substantially all of our assets and the assets of our U.S. subsidiaries and certain other foreign subsidiaries, with certain exceptions. The financial institutions that are party to the ARS Facility have a lien on certain of our domestic accounts receivable. As a result of these pledges and liens, if we fail to meet our payment or other obligations under the Senior Secured Credit Facility, the lenders under that facility will be entitled to foreclose on substantially all of our assets and, at their option, liquidate these assets, and if we fail to meet our repayment or other obligations under the ARS Facility, the secured parties under that facility will be entitled to take control of our accounts receivable pledged to them and all collections on those receivables, and direct our obligors to make payment on such receivables directly to the secured parties, which in each case would adversely impact the operations of our business. 
 Borrowings under our Senior Secured Credit Facility bear interest at a variable rate based on, at our option, either the SOFR or an alternative base rate (both as defined in the Senior Secured Credit Facility), or the appropriate benchmark for non-U.S. dollar borrowings, plus, in each case, an applicable margin. 
 Inability to access sufficient capital at reasonable rates or commercially reasonable terms or maintain sufficient liquidity in the amounts and at the times needed could adversely impact our business. 
 We rely on our cash flows generated from operations and the borrowing capacity under our Revolving Loan Facility and other external debt financings to meet the cash requirements of our business. We have significant capital requirements and will need continued access to debt capital from outside sources in order to efficiently fund the cash flow needs of our business and pursue strategic acquisitions. 
 Although we currently have available credit facilities to fund our current operating needs, we cannot be certain that we will be able to replace our existing credit facilities or refinance our existing or future debt at a reasonable cost when necessary. The ability to have continued access to reasonably priced credit is dependent upon our current and future capital structure, financial performance, our credit ratings and general economic conditions. If we are unable to access the capital markets at a reasonable economic cost, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Due to the extensive nature of our foreign operations, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could negatively impact our results of operations. 
 A significant percentage of our total revenues (approximately 31 in 2022) is derived from markets outside the United States. We sell a majority of our products in transactions denominated in U.S. dollars; however, we purchase many of our raw materials, pay a portion of our wages and make other payments to participants in our supply chain in foreign currencies. As a result, when the U.S. dollar weakens against any of these currencies, our cost of sales could increase substantially. Outside the United States, we may pay for materials or finished products in U.S. dollars, and in some cases a strengthening of the U.S. dollar could effectively increase our costs where we use foreign currency to purchase the U.S. dollars we need to make such payments. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are also exposed to gains and losses resulting from the effect that fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates have on the reported results in our consolidated financial statements due to the translation of operating results and financial position of our foreign subsidiaries. 
 We use forward foreign exchange contracts, cross-currency swap contracts and nonderivative financial instruments to hedge material exposure to adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates. However, no hedging strategy can completely insulate us from foreign exchange risk. 
 Our balance sheet includes a significant amount of intangible assets and goodwill. A decline in the estimated fair value of an intangible asset or of a business unit could result in an asset impairment charge, which would be recorded as a noncash expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Goodwill, trademarks and other identifiable intangible assets must be tested for impairment at least annually. The fair value of the goodwill assigned to a business unit could decline if projected revenues or cash flows were to be lower in the future due to effects of the global economy or other causes. If the carrying value of intangible assets or of goodwill were to exceed its estimated fair value, the asset would be written down to its fair value, with the impairment loss recognized as a noncash charge in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 1.1 billion of goodwill and 1.3 billion of trademarks and other identifiable intangible assets on our balance sheet, which together represent 36 of our total assets. No impairment was identified in 2022. Changes in the future outlook of a business unit could result in an impairment loss, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Market returns could have a negative impact on the return on plan assets for our pension, which may require significant funding. 
 The plan assets of our pension plans, which had a loss of approximately 10 during 2022 and a return of approximately 8 during 2021, are invested mainly in domestic and international equities, bonds, hedge funds and real estate. We are unable to predict the variations in asset values or the severity or duration of any disruptions in the financial markets or adverse economic conditions in the United States, Europe and Asia. The funded status of these plans, and the related cost reflected in our consolidated financial statements, are affected by various factors that are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty, particularly in the current economic environment. Under the Pension Protection Act of 2006 (the Pension Protection Act ), losses of asset values may necessitate increased funding of the plans in the future to meet minimum federal government requirements. Under the Pension Protection Act funding rules, our U.S. qualified pension plans are approximately 96 funded as of December 1, 2022. Any downward pressure on the asset values of these plans may require us to fund obligations earlier than we had originally planned, which would increase our pension expense and have a negative impact on cash flows from operations. 
 Our profitability may decline or our growth may be negatively impacted as a result of increasing pressure on pricing. 
 Our industry is subject to significant pricing pressure caused by many factors, including intense competition, consolidation in the retail industry, pressure from retailers to reduce the costs of products and changes in consumer demand. These factors may cause us to reduce our prices to retailers and consumers or engage in more promotional activity than we anticipate, which could negatively impact our margins and cause our profitability to decline if we are unable to offset price reductions with comparable reductions in our operating costs. Ongoing and sustained promotional activities could negatively impact our brand image. On the other hand, if we are unwilling to engage in promotional activity on a scale similar to that of our competitors, for instance, to protect our premium brand positioning, and unable to simultaneously offset declining promotional activity with increased sales at premium price points, our ability to achieve short-term growth targets may be negatively impacted, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and the price of our stock. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

We may be adversely impacted by the failure to successfully execute acquisitions and divestitures and integrate acquired operations. 
 From time to time, and as permitted by the requirements of the agreements governing our indebtedness, we may engage in or seek to engage in strategic transactions such as acquisitions or divestitures. The success of any acquisition or divestiture depends on the Company s ability to identify opportunities that help the Company meet its strategic objectives, consummate a transaction on favorable contractual terms, and achieve expected returns and other financial or operational benefits. 
 Acquisitions require us to integrate efficiently the acquired business or businesses, which involves a significant degree of difficulty and risk, including the following: 
 integrating the operations and business cultures of the acquired businesses while carrying on the ongoing operations of the businesses we operated prior to the acquisitions 
 managing a larger company than before consummation of the acquisitions 
 the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying our expectations regarding the prospects of the acquired businesses 
 coordinating a greater number of diverse businesses and businesses located in a greater number of geographic locations 
 attracting and retaining the necessary personnel associated with the acquisitions 
 creating uniform standards, controls, procedures, policies and information systems and controlling the costs associated with such matters and 
 expectations about the performance of acquired trademarks and brands and the fair value of such trademarks and brands. 
 Divestitures present unique financial and operational risks, including diverting management attention from the existing core business, separating personnel and financial data and other systems, impairments, and adversely affecting existing business relationships with suppliers and customers. 
 In addition, the process of completing any acquisitions or divestitures may be time-consuming and involve significant costs and expenses, which may be significantly higher than what we anticipate and may not yield a benefit if the transactions are not completed successfully, and executing these transactions may require significant time and attention from our senior management and employees. In situations where acquisitions or divestitures are not successfully implemented or completed, or the expected benefits of such acquisitions or divestitures are not otherwise realized, the Company s business or financial results could be negatively impacted. 
 Legal, Tax, Compliance, Reputational and Other Risks 
 Our operations in international markets, and our earnings in those markets, may be affected by legal, regulatory, political and economic risks. 
 During 2022, net sales from our International segment were 1.9 billion, representing approximately 31 of total net sales. In addition, a significant amount of our manufacturing and production operations are located, or our products are sourced from, outside the United States. As a result, our business is subject to risks associated with international operations. These risks include the burdens of complying with foreign laws and regulations, unexpected changes in tariffs, taxes or regulatory requirements, and political unrest and corruption. 
 Regulatory changes could limit the countries in which we sell, produce or source our products or significantly increase the cost of operating in or obtaining materials originating from certain countries. Restrictions imposed by such changes can have a particular impact on our business when, after we have moved our operations to a particular location, new unfavorable regulations are enacted in that area or favorable regulations currently in effect are changed. 
 Countries in which our products are manufactured or sold may from time to time impose additional new regulations, or modify existing regulations, including: 
 changes in duties, taxes, tariffs and other charges on imports; 
 limitations on the quantity of goods which may be imported into the United States from a particular country; 
 requirements as to where products and/or inputs are manufactured or sourced; 
 creation of export licensing requirements, imposition of restrictions on export quantities or specification of minimum export pricing and/or export prices or duties; 
 19 

Table of Contents 

limitations on foreign owned businesses; or 
 government actions to cancel contracts, re-denominate the official currency, renounce or default on obligations, renegotiate terms unilaterally or expropriate assets. 
 In addition, political and economic changes or volatility, geopolitical regional conflicts, terrorist activity, political unrest, civil strife, acts of war, public corruption and other economic or political uncertainties could interrupt and negatively affect our business operations. All of these factors could result in increased costs or decreased revenues and could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are also subject to the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, in addition to the anti-corruption laws of the foreign countries in which we operate. Although we implement policies and procedures designed to promote compliance with these laws, our employees, contractors and agents, as well as those companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations, may take actions in violation of our policies. Any such violation could result in sanctions or other penalties and have an adverse effect on our business, reputation and operating results. 
 The recent imposition of tariffs and/or increase in tariffs on various products by the United States and other countries have introduced greater uncertainty with respect to trade policies and government regulations affecting trade between the United States and other countries. Furthermore, it is possible that other forms of trade restriction, including tariffs, quotas and customs restrictions, will be put into place in the United States or in countries from which we source our materials or finished products. We cannot predict whether any of the countries in which our merchandise currently is manufactured or may be manufactured in the future will be subject to additional trade restrictions imposed by the United States or other foreign governments, including the likelihood, type, or effect of any such restrictions. Any of these actions, if ultimately enacted, could adversely affect our results of operations or profitability. Further, any emerging nationalist trends in specific countries could alter the trade environment and consumer purchasing behavior which, in turn, could have a material effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have a complex multinational tax structure, and changes in effective tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income tax returns could impact our capital deployment strategy and adversely affect our results. 
 We have a complex multinational tax structure with multiple types of intercompany transactions, and our allocation of profits and losses among us and our subsidiaries through our intercompany transfer pricing agreements is subject to review by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. Our future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in countries where we have higher statutory rates, by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, or by changes in tax laws, regulations, accounting principles or interpretations thereof. We are continuously evaluating our capital allocation strategies in an effort to maximize shareholder value, which includes maintaining appropriate debt to earnings ratios, and as a result there may be times where we need to reevaluate our plans to permanently reinvest certain unremitted foreign earnings which may increase or decrease our income tax expense during periods of change. In addition, we are also subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns and related transfer pricing documentation by various tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcomes from these examinations will not have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. Additionally, changes in tax laws, regulations, future jurisdictional profitability of us and our subsidiaries, and related regulatory interpretations in the countries in which we operate may impact the taxes we pay or tax provision we record, as well as our capital deployment strategy, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Our effective tax rate could be volatile and materially change as a result of the adoption of new tax legislation and other factors including mix of earnings in countries with lower or higher effective tax rates. 
 A change in tax laws is one of many factors that impact our effective tax rate. The U.S. Congress and other government agencies in jurisdictions where we do business have had an extended focus on issues related to the taxation of multinational corporations. As a result, the tax laws in the U.S. and other countries in which we do business could change, and any such changes could adversely impact our effective tax rate, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (the OECD ), an international association of 38 countries including the United States, has proposed changes to numerous long-standing tax principles, including a global minimum tax initiative. On December 12, 2022 the European Union member states agreed to implement the OECD s Pillar 2 global corporate minimum tax rate of 15 on companies with revenues of at least 790 million, which would go into effect in 2024. Other countries including the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Canada and Australia are also actively considering changes to their tax laws to adopt certain parts of the OECD s proposals. The company will continue to monitor the developing laws. 
 In August 2022, the U.S. enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IR Act ), which, among other things, introduces a 15 minimum tax based on adjusted financial statement income of certain large corporations with a three year average adjusted 
 20 

Table of Contents 

financial statement income in excess of 1 billion, a 1 excise tax on the fair market stock repurchases by covered corporations and several tax incentives to promote clean energy. The Company is continuing to evaluate the IR Act and its potential impact on future periods, and at this time the Company does not expect the IR Act to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
 Our balance sheet includes a significant amount of deferred taxes. Changes in our effective tax rate or tax liability may adversely affect our operating results. 
 Significant gross deferred tax assets exist on our books and have been reduced by a valuation allowance. Deferred tax assets relate to temporary differences (differences between the assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the assets and liabilities in the calculation of taxable income) including net operating losses. The recognition of deferred tax assets is reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that the tax benefits associated with the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Changes in existing valuation allowances and changes in effective tax rates and the assumptions and estimates we have made in jurisdictions with no valuation allowance, as well as our ability to generate sufficient future taxable income in certain jurisdictions, could materially affect our tax obligations or effective tax rate, which could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. See Note Income Taxes to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding deferred tax assets and associated valuation allowances recorded in 2022. 
 Our reputation, ability to do business and results of operations could be impaired by improper conduct by any of our employees, agents or business partners. 
 Our business is subject to federal, state, local and international laws, rules and regulations, such as state and local wage and hour laws, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, the False Claims Act, the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act, the Global Data Protection Regulation, securities laws, import and export laws (including customs regulations), unclaimed property laws and many others. We cannot provide assurance our internal controls will always protect us from the improper conduct of our employees, agents and business partners. Any violations of law or improper conduct could damage our reputation and, depending on the circumstances, subject us to, among other things, civil and criminal penalties, material fines, equitable remedies (including profit disgorgement and injunctions on future conduct), securities litigation and a general loss of investor confidence, any one of which could have a material adverse impact on our business prospects, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the market value of our stock. 
 The success of our business is tied to the strength and reputation of our brands. If the reputation of one or more of our brands erodes significantly, it could have a material impact on our financial results. 
 Many of our brands have worldwide recognition, and our financial success is directly dependent on the success of our brands. The success of a brand can suffer if our marketing plans or product initiatives do not have the desired impact on a brand s image or its ability to attract consumers. Our results could also be negatively impacted if one of our brands suffers substantial harm to its reputation due to a significant product recall, product-related litigation or the sale of counterfeit products. For example, biotechnology-derived substances, such as bisphenol A ("BPA") is listed as a hazardous chemical under California s Safe Water and Toxic Environment Act and we have recently been named in a lawsuit concerning the presence of BPA in certain of our products. To that end, any additional actual or threatened legal actions against us or other companies in our industry regarding the alleged presence of BPA or other similar substances in our products, whether or not justified, could contribute to a perceived safety risk about our products and adversely impact sales or otherwise disrupt our business. Brand value could diminish significantly due to a number of factors, including changing consumer attitudes regarding social issues and consumer perception that we have acted in an irresponsible manner. The growing use of social and digital media by consumers increases the speed and extent that information and opinions can be shared. Negative or inaccurate postings or comments on social media or networking websites about our company, its practices or one of its brands could generate adverse publicity that could damage the reputation of our brands. 
 We also license some of our important trademarks to third parties. For example, we license Champion to third parties for athletic-oriented accessories. Although we make concerted efforts to protect our brands through quality control mechanisms and contractual obligations imposed on our licensees, there is a risk that some licensees may not be in full compliance with those mechanisms and obligations. If the reputation of one or more of our brands is significantly eroded, it could adversely affect our sales, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

We design, manufacture, source and sell products under trademarks that are licensed from third parties. If any licensor takes actions related to their trademarks that would cause their brands or our company reputational harm, our business may be adversely affected. 
 We design, manufacture, source and sell a number of our products under trademarks that are licensed from third parties, such as our Polo Ralph Lauren men s underwear. Because we do not control the brands licensed to us, our licensors could make changes to their brands or business models that could result in a significant downturn in a brand s business, adversely affecting our sales and results of operations. If any licensor engages in behavior with respect to the licensed marks that would cause us reputational harm, or if any of the brands licensed to us violates the trademark rights of another or are deemed to be invalid or unenforceable, we could experience a significant downturn in that brand s business, adversely affecting our sales and results of operations, and we may be required to expend significant amounts on public relations, advertising and, possibly, legal fees. 
 If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, our business may be adversely affected. 
 Our trademarks are important to our marketing efforts and have substantial value. We aggressively protect these trademarks from infringement and dilution through appropriate measures, including court actions and administrative proceedings. We are susceptible to others imitating our products and infringing our intellectual property rights. Infringement or counterfeiting of our products could diminish the value of our brands or otherwise adversely affect our business. Actions we have taken to establish and protect our intellectual property rights may not be adequate to prevent imitation of our products by others or to prevent others from seeking to invalidate our trademarks or block sales of our products as a violation of the trademarks and intellectual property rights of others. In addition, unilateral actions in the United States or other countries, such as changes to or the repeal of laws recognizing trademark or other intellectual property rights, could have an impact on our ability to enforce those rights. 
 The value of our intellectual property could diminish if others assert rights in, or ownership of, our trademarks and other intellectual property rights. We may be unable to successfully resolve these types of conflicts to our satisfaction. In some cases, there may be trademark owners who have prior rights to our trademarks because the laws of certain foreign countries may not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. In other cases, there may be holders who have prior rights to similar trademarks. We are from time to time involved in opposition and cancellation proceedings with respect to some items of our intellectual property. 
 We may suffer negative publicity if we or our third-party manufacturers violate labor laws or engage in practices that are viewed as unethical or illegal, which could cause a loss of business. 
 We cannot fully control the business and labor practices of our third-party manufacturers, the majority of whom are located in Asia, Central America and the Caribbean Basin. If one of our own manufacturing operations or one of our third-party manufacturers violates or is accused of violating local or international labor laws or other applicable regulations, or engages in labor or other practices that would be viewed in any market in which our products are sold as unethical, we could suffer negative publicity, which could tarnish our brands image or result in a loss of sales. In addition, if such negative publicity affected one of our customers, it could result in a loss of business for us. 
 Anti-takeover provisions of our charter and bylaws, as well as Maryland law, may reduce the likelihood of any potential change of control or unsolicited acquisition proposal that you might consider favorable. 
 Our charter permits our Board of Directors, with the approval of a majority of the entire Board and without stockholder approval, to amend our charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that we have the authority to issue. In addition, our Board of Directors may classify or reclassify any unissued shares of common stock or preferred stock and may set the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and other terms and conditions of the classified or reclassified shares. Our Board of Directors could establish a series of preferred stock that could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders. Our charter also provides that a director may be removed at any time, but only for cause, as defined in our charter, and then only by the affirmative vote of at least two thirds of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors. We have also elected to be subject to certain provisions of Maryland law that provide that any and all vacancies on our Board of Directors may only be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of our remaining directors in office, even if they do not constitute a quorum, and that any director elected to fill a vacancy shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the directorship in which the vacancy occurred. Under Maryland law, our Board of Directors also is permitted, without stockholder approval, to implement a classified board structure at any time. 
 Our bylaws provide that nominations of persons for election to our Board of Directors and the proposal of business to be considered at a stockholders meeting may be made only in the notice of the meeting, by or at the direction of our Board of 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Directors or by a stockholder who was a stockholder of record both at the time of giving notice by the stockholder in accordance with the advance notice procedures of our bylaws and at the time of the annual meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and has complied with the advance notice procedures of our bylaws. Also, under Maryland law, business combinations between us and an interested stockholder or an affiliate of an interested stockholder, including mergers, consolidations, share exchanges or, in circumstances specified in the statute, asset transfers or issuances or reclassifications of equity securities, are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. An interested stockholder includes any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the then-outstanding voting power of our stock or any affiliate or associate of ours who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the then-outstanding voting power of our stock. A person is not an interested stockholder under the statute if our Board of Directors approved in advance the transaction by which he otherwise would have become an interested stockholder. However, in approving a transaction, our Board of Directors may provide that its approval is subject to compliance, at or after the time of approval, with any terms and conditions determined by our Board. After the five-year prohibition, any business combination between us and an interested stockholder generally must be recommended by our Board of Directors and approved by two supermajority votes or our common stockholders must receive a minimum price, as defined under Maryland law, for their shares. The statute permits various other exemptions from its provisions. 
 These and other provisions of Maryland law or our charter and bylaws could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or otherwise be considered favorably by our stockholders. 
 Our bylaws designate the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland as the sole and exclusive forum for certain actions, including derivative actions, which could limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with the Company and its directors, officers, other employees, or the Company's stockholders and may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. 
 Unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, our bylaws provide that the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any current or former director, officer, employee, stockholder or agent of the Company to the Company or to the stockholders of the Company, (c) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any of its current or former directors, officers, employees, stockholders or agents arising pursuant to any provision of the Maryland General Corporate Law or the Company s Charter or Bylaws, or (d) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any of its current or former directors, officers, employees, stockholders or agents that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine, shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland (or, if that Court does not have jurisdiction, the United States District court for the District of Maryland, Northern Division). However, Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder, and as such, the exclusive jurisdiction clauses set forth above would not apply to such suits. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act provides for concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder, and as such, the exclusive jurisdiction clauses set forth above would not apply to such suits. 
 Although we believe the exclusive forum provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Maryland law for the specified types of actions and proceedings, this provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with the Company and its directors, officers, or other employees and may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. 
 General Risk Factors 
 There can be no assurance that we will choose to declare or be able to declare cash dividends in the future. 
 Our Board of Directors has recently eliminated its prior dividend policy pursuant to which we have historically paid a cash dividend on our common stock on a quarterly basis in order to direct free cash flow toward reducing our debt. The declaration and payment of any dividend in the future will be subject to the approval of our Board of Directors and our dividend may thereafter be discontinued or reduced at any time. Our Board of Directors regularly evaluates our capital allocation strategy and dividend policy, and any future determination to continue to pay dividends, and the amount of such dividends, will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors. Our ability to pay cash dividends is also limited by restrictions or limitations on our ability to obtain sufficient funds through dividends from subsidiaries, as well as by contractual restrictions, including the requirements of the agreements governing our indebtedness. There can be no assurance that we will declare cash dividends in the future in any particular amounts, or at all. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Economic conditions may adversely impact demand for our products, reduce access to credit and cause our customers, suppliers and other business partners to suffer financial hardship, all of which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Although the majority of our products are replenishment in nature and tend to be purchased by consumers on a planned, rather than on an impulse, basis, our sales are impacted by discretionary spending by consumers. Discretionary spending is affected by many factors that are outside of our control, including, among others, general business conditions, interest rates, inflation, consumer debt levels, the availability of consumer credit, currency exchange rates, taxation, energy prices, unemployment trends and other matters that influence consumer confidence and spending. Reduced sales at our wholesale customers may lead to lower retail inventory levels, reduced orders to us or order cancellations. These lower sales volumes, along with the possibility of restrictions on access to the credit markets, may result in our customers experiencing financial difficulties including store closures, bankruptcies or liquidations. This may result in higher credit risk relating to receivables from our customers who are experiencing these financial difficulties. Any of these occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 In addition, economic conditions, including decreased access to credit, may result in financial difficulties leading to restructurings, bankruptcies, liquidations and other unfavorable events for our suppliers of raw materials and finished goods, logistics and other service providers and financial institutions which are counterparties to our credit facilities and derivatives transactions. In addition, the inability of these third parties to overcome these difficulties may increase. If third parties on which we rely for raw materials, finished goods or services are unable to overcome financial difficulties and provide us with the materials and services we need, or if counterparties to our credit facilities or derivatives transactions do not perform their obligations, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 We may be adversely affected by unseasonal or severe weather conditions. 
 Our business may be adversely affected by unseasonable or severe weather conditions. Periods of unseasonably warm weather in the fall or winter, or periods of unseasonably cool and wet weather in the spring or summer, can negatively impact retail traffic and consumer spending. In addition, severe weather events such as snowstorms or hurricanes typically lead to temporarily reduced retail traffic. Any of these conditions could result in negative point-of-sale trends for our merchandise and reduced replenishment shipments to our wholesale customers. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 Not applicable. 

Item 1C. Information About Our Executive Officers 
 The chart below lists our executive officers and is followed by biographical information about them. Each of our executive officers is elected annually by the Board of Directors to serve until his or her successor is elected and qualifies or until his or her death, resignation or removal. No family relationship exists between any of our directors or executive officers. 
 
 Name Age Positions Stephen B. Bratspies 55 Chief Executive Officer Michael P. Dastugue (1) 
 58 Chief Financial Officer M. Scott Lewis 52 SVP, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller Joseph W. Cavaliere 60 President, Innerwear - Global 
 Vanessa LeFebvre 45 President, Activewear - Global Michael E. Faircloth 57 EVP, Supply Chain - Global Tracy M. Preston 56 EVP, Chief Legal and Compliance Officer Corporate Secretary Kristin L. Oliver 50 EVP, Chief Human Resources Officer Scott A. Pleiman 52 EVP, Chief Strategy and Transformation Officer 
 
 (1) As previously disclosed, Mr. Dastugue will resign as Chief Financial Officer of the Company effective February 28, 2023. Mr. Lewis has been appointed as Interim Chief Financial Officer and principal financial officer of the Company effective March 1, 2023. Mr. Lewis will also continue to serve as Chief Accounting Officer and Controller and principal accounting officer of the Company. 
 Stephen B. Bratspies has served as our Chief Executive Officer since August 2020. Immediately prior to joining the Company, Mr. Bratspies served as Chief Merchandising Officer since 2015 for Walmart, a publicly traded multinational retail company that operates a chain of supercenters, discount stores, grocery stores and warehouse clubs. He served in various 
 24 

Table of Contents 

capacities at Walmart since 2005, including as Executive Vice President, Food from 2014 to 2015 and as Executive Vice President, General Merchandise from 2013 to 2014. 
 Michael P. Dastugue has served as our Chief Financial Officer since May 2021. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Dastugue served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Walmart U.S. segment of Walmart from 2015 to 2021. Prior to that role and since 2013, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Walmart s Sam s Club segment. Mr. Dastugue also served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of U.S. department store chain J.C. Penney Company from 2011 to 2012. 
 M. Scott Lewis has served as our SVP. Chief Accounting Officer and Controller since 2015 and served as our Interim Chief Financial Officer from January 2020 to May 2021. Mr. Lewis joined the Company in 2006 as Director, External Reporting and was promoted in 2011 to Vice President, External Reporting, promoted in 2013 to Vice President, Financial Reporting and Accounting, and promoted in December 2013 to Vice President, Tax. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Lewis served as senior manager with the accounting, audit and tax consulting firm KPMG. 
 Joseph W. Cavaliere has served as our President, Innerwear - Global since February 2021. Mr. Cavaliere joined the Company from C S Wholesale Grocers, a wholesale grocery supply company, where he was President and General Manager of the company s retail chain division during 2020 and Chief Commercial Officer from 2018 to 2020. Prior to C S Wholesale Grocers, he served as President and Transformation Lead at Newell Brands Inc., a global consumer products company, from 2017 to 2018 and as President and Chief Customer Officer from 2012 to 2017. Before that, Mr. Cavaliere was Executive Vice President of Customer Development at Unilever PLC, a multinational consumer goods company from 2008 to 2012 and was Senior Vice President from 2005 to 2008. He also served as Executive Vice President of Sales at Kraft Foods from 2002 to 2005, and held a number of other leadership positions in more than 20 years with the company. 
 Vanessa LeFebvre has served as our President, Activewear - Global since August 2022. Prior to joining the Company, she served as the Senior Vice President, commercial, North America at Adidas, a multinational sporting goods and apparel company. In 2019, Ms. LeFebvre was the President of Lord and Taylor department stores. Before that, Ms. LeFebvre was Vice President of Women s Buying at Stitch Fix from 2017 to 2019. Earlier in her career Ms. LeFebvre held senior leadership roles at Macy s, including being the founder of Macy s Backstage, from 2012 to 2017, Daffy s from 2011 to 2012 and T.J. Maxx from 2009 to 2011, in addition to various roles at Lord and Taylor from 1999 to 2009. 
 Michael E. Faircloth has served as our EVP, Supply Chain - Global since 2019. He has served in a variety of roles with the Company, including as our Group President, Global Operations, American Casualwear and E-Commerce from 2019 to 2020, as our Group President, Global Supply Chain, Information Technology and E-Commerce from 2018 to 2019, as our President, Chief Global Supply Chain and Information Technology Officer from 2014 to 2017 and as our Chief Global Operations Officer (a position previously known as President, Chief Global Supply Chain Officer) from 2010 to 2014. Prior to his appointment as Chief Global Operations Officer, Mr. Faircloth served as our Senior Vice President, Supply Chain Support from 2009 to 2010, as our Vice President, Supply Chain Support from March 2009 to September 2009 and as our Vice President of Engineering Quality from 2006 to 2009. Prior to the completion of the Company s spin off from Sara Lee Corporation Sara Lee ), Mr. Faircloth served as Vice President, Industrialization of Sara Lee. 
 Tracy M. Preston has served as our EVP, Chief Legal and Compliance Officer Corporate Secretary since March 2021. Ms. Preston joined the Company from The Neiman Marcus Group, where she was Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, Corporate Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer. Prior to joining Neiman Marcus in 2013, Preston worked for Levi Strauss Co., where she held a number of senior legal positions, including Chief Counsel, Global Supply Chain; Chief Compliance Officer; and Chief Counsel, Global Human Resources and Litigation. Earlier in her career, Ms. Preston was a partner at Orrick Herrington and Sutcliffe, an international law firm founded in San Francisco. 
 Kristin L. Oliver has served as our EVP, Chief Human Resources Officer since September 2020. From 2018 to 2020, Ms. Oliver served as Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer at Walgreens, a retail pharmacy leader and a division of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. From 2016 to 2018, she served as Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer at Chico s FAS, Inc., a publicly traded women s clothing and accessories retailer. Previously in her career, Ms. Oliver served in various roles at Walmart, including as Executive Vice President, Walmart US, People division from 2013 to 2015, Senior Vice President and head of Human Resources, International Division from 2010 to 2012, Vice President and Division General Counsel, Employment from 2008 to 2010 and Associate General Counsel from 2004 to 2009. 
 Scott A. Pleiman has served as our EVP, Chief Strategy and Transformation Officer since January 2023. Mr. Pleiman joined the Company from Boston Consulting Group, where he was a senior advisor regarding strategy and transformation, specializing in retail and consumer products industries. Prior to joining Boston Consulting Group, Mr. Pleiman held a number of senior leadership positions at Walmart Stores, Inc., including Executive Vice President, Merchandising Operations from 2017 to 2021, Senior Vice President, Merchandising Pricing, Planning Modular Development from 2015 to 2017, Senior Vice President, Finance Strategy from 2009 to 2015, Vice President, Merchandising Finance and Business Strategy Walmart U.S. from 2007 to 2009, and Vice President, Business Strategy Walmart U.S. from 2005 to 2007. Earlier in his career, Mr. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Pleiman held strategic consulting roles with Cap Gemini (formerly Ernst Young Consulting Services), and accounting roles at Ernst Young Audit and Advisory Business Services. 

Item 2. Properties 
 We own and lease properties supporting our administrative, manufacturing, distribution and direct retail activities. As of December 31, 2022, we owned and leased properties in 28 countries, including 30 manufacturing facilities and 45 distribution centers, as well as office facilities. The leases for these properties expire between 2023 and 2057, with the exception of some seasonal warehouses that we lease on a month-by-month basis. As of December 31, 2022, we also operated 195 retail and direct outlet stores in the United States and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and 637 retail and outlet stores internationally, most of which are leased. We believe that our facilities, as well as equipment, are in good condition and meet our current business needs. 
 We own our approximately 470,000 square-foot headquarters located in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, which houses our various sales, marketing and corporate business functions. Research and development as well as certain product-design functions also are located in Winston-Salem, while other design functions are located in a mix of leased and owned facilities in New York City, Atlanta and Lenexa, Kansas, as well as several international cities. 
 Our products are manufactured through a combination of facilities we own and operate and facilities owned and operated by third-party contractors who perform some of the steps in the manufacturing process for us, such as cutting and/or sewing. We source the remainder of our finished goods from third-party manufacturers who supply us with finished products based on our designs. Our largest manufacturing facilities include an approximately 1.1 million square-foot owned facility located in San Juan Opico, El Salvador and an approximately 600,000 square-foot owned facility located in Bonao, Dominican Republic. We distribute our products from 45 distribution centers. These distribution centers include 16 facilities located in the United States and 29 facilities located outside the United States in regions where we manufacture and sell our products. Our largest distribution facilities include an approximately 1.3 million square-foot leased facility located in Perris, California, an approximately 900,000 square-foot leased facility located in Rural Hall, North Carolina and an approximately 700,000 square-foot owned facility located in Martinsville, Virginia. 
 The following table summarizes the properties primarily used by our segments as of December 31, 2022: 
 Owned Square Feet Leased Square Feet Total Properties by Segment (1) 
 Innerwear 2,091,704 5,319,520 7,411,224 Activewear 2,458,519 3,563,252 6,021,771 International 284,756 3,724,377 4,009,133 Other 303,445 947,240 1,250,685 Totals 5,138,424 13,554,389 18,692,813 
 
 (1) Excludes vacant land, facilities under construction, facilities not yet in operation or leases not yet commenced, facilities no longer in operation intended for disposal, apartments/residences, sourcing offices not associated with a particular segment, and office buildings housing corporate functions. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We are named in two pending lawsuits in connection with our previously disclosed ransomware incident. On October 7, 2022, a putative class action was filed against Hanes Brands [sic], Inc. alleging, among other things, negligence, negligence per se, breach of implied contract, unjust enrichment, breach of implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, unfair business practices under the California Business and Professions Code, and violations of the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act in connection with the ransomware incident. The litigation is entitled, Roman v. Hanes Brands [sic], Inc., and is pending in the United States District Court for the Central District of California. Plaintiff Roman also subsequently filed a second putative class action with regard to the ransomware incident in the United States District Court for the Middle District of North Carolina on January 16, 2023, entitled Roman v. Hanesbrands,[sic] Inc., which was voluntarily dismissed without prejudice on January 20, 2023. On October 13, 2022, another putative class action was filed against HanesBrands Inc. alleging, among other things, negligence, negligence per se, breach of implied contract, invasion of privacy, and unjust enrichment in connection with the ransomware incident. The litigation is entitled, Toussaint v. HanesBrands,[sic] Inc. and is pending in the United States District Court for the Middle District of North Carolina. The pending lawsuits seek, among other things, monetary and injunctive relief. We are vigorously defending these matters and believe the cases are without merit. We do not expect any of these claims, individually or in the aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. However, at this early stage in the proceedings, we are not able to determine the probability of the outcome of these matters or a range of reasonably expected losses, if any. We maintain insurance, including coverage for cyber-attacks, subject to certain deductibles and policy limitations, in an amount that we believes appropriate. 
 We are also subject to various claims and legal actions that occur from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. However, we are not party to any pending legal proceedings, including the pending lawsuits in connection with the previously disclosed ransomware incident described above, that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market for our Common Stock 
 Our common stock currently is traded on the New York Stock Exchange, or the NYSE, under the symbol HBI. We have not made any unregistered sales of our equity securities. 
 Holders of Record 
 On February 3, 2023, there were 13,118 holders of record of our common stock. 
 Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities 
 On February 2, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase program for up to 600 million of shares to be repurchased in open market transactions or privately negotiated transactions, subject to market conditions, legal requirements and other factors. The new program replaced the Company s previous share repurchase program for up to 40 million shares that was originally approved on February 6, 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we entered into transactions to repurchase 2 million shares under the new share repurchase program at a weighted average repurchase price of 15.84 per share for a total cost of 25 million (none of which were purchased in the fourth quarter of 2022). At December 31, 2022, the remaining repurchase authorization under the current share repurchase program totaled 575 million. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock with the comparable cumulative return of the S P 500 Index, S P MidCap 400 Index, and the S P 1500 Apparel, Accessories Luxury Goods Index. The graph assumes that 100 was invested in our common stock and each index on December 30, 2017. In December 2021, the Company was moved from the S P 500 to the S P MidCap 400, as a result of which, the broad equity market index used in the Stock Performance Graph going forward is expected to be the S P MidCap 400. The stock price performance on the following graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table provides information about our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (2) 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans (1) 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) Plan Category Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 4,753 0.90 20,057 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 4,753 0.90 20,057 
 
 (1) The amount appearing under Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans includes 14,033 shares available under the Hanesbrands Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan (As Amended and Restated) and 6,024 shares available under the Hanesbrands Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan of 2006. 
 (2) As of December 31, 2022, we had 250 outstanding options, warrants and rights that could be exercised for consideration. The weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights excluding those that can be exercised for no consideration is 17.18. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 This management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, or MD A, contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Please see Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these statements. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our historical financial statements and related notes thereto and the other disclosures contained elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The results of operations for the periods reflected herein are not necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for future periods, and our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including but not limited to those listed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 This MD A is a supplement to our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is provided to enhance your understanding of our results of operations and financial condition. It generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussions of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this MD A can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2022. Our MD A is organized as follows: 
 Overview. This section provides a general description of our Company and operating segments, business and industry trends, our key business strategies and background information on other matters discussed in this MD A. 
 2022 Key Financial Results. This section discusses some of the key financial results of our performance and activities during 2022. 
 Consolidated Results of Operations and Operating Results by Business Segment. These sections provide our analysis and outlook for the significant line items in our Consolidated Statements of Income, as well as other information that we deem meaningful to an understanding of our results of operations on both a consolidated basis and a business segment basis. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources. This section provides an analysis of trends and uncertainties affecting liquidity, cash requirements for our business, sources and uses of our cash and our financing arrangements. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates. This section discusses the accounting policies that we consider important to the evaluation and reporting of our financial condition and results of operations, and whose application requires significant judgments or a complex estimation process. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements. This section provides a summary of the most recent authoritative accounting pronouncements that were adopted during 2022 and that we will be required to adopt in a future period. 

Overview 
 Our Company 
 Hanesbrands Inc. is a socially responsible leading marketer of everyday basic innerwear and activewear apparel in the Americas, Australia, Europe and Asia under some of the world s strongest apparel brands, including Hanes, Champion, Bonds , Maidenform, Bali, Playtex, Bras N Things, JMS/Just My Size, Gear for Sports, Wonderbra, Berlei, Comfortwash and Alternative . We design, manufacture, source and sell a broad range of basic apparel such as T-shirts, bras, panties, shapewear, underwear, socks and activewear produced in our low-cost global supply chain. Our brands hold either the number one or number two market position by units sold in many of the product categories and geographies in which we compete. 
 Our Segments 
 Our operations are managed and reported in three operating segments, each of which is a reportable segment for financial reporting purposes: Innerwear, Activewear and International. These segments are organized principally by product category and geographic location. Each segment has its own management team that is responsible for the operations of the segment s businesses, but the segments share a common supply chain and media and marketing platforms. Other consists of our U.S.-based outlet stores, U.S. Sheer Hosiery business and certain sales from our supply chain to the European Innerwear business. In the fourth quarter of 2021, we reached the decision to divest our U.S. Sheer Hosiery business, including the L eggs brand, as part of our strategy to streamline our portfolio under our Full Potential plan. See Note Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

The reportable segments are as follows: 
 Innerwear includes sales in the United States of basic branded apparel products that are replenishment in nature under the product categories of men s underwear, women s panties, children s underwear and socks, and intimate apparel, which includes bras and shapewear. Innerwear also includes sales in the United States of personal protective equipment PPE including products such as cloth face coverings and gowns in 2020. 
 Activewear includes sales in the United States of branded products that are primarily seasonal in nature to both retailers and wholesalers, as well as licensed sports apparel and licensed logo apparel. 
 International primarily includes sales of our innerwear and activewear products, including PPE in 2020, outside the United States, primarily in Australia, E urope, Asia, Latin America and Canada. 
 Impact of COVID-19 and Supply Chain Disruptions on Our Business 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted our business operations and financial results, as described in more detail under Consolidated Results of Operations - Year Ended December 31, 2022 2022 Compared with Year Ended January 1, 2022 2021 and Consolidated Results of Operations - Year Ended January 1, 2022 2021 Compared with Year Ended January 2, 2021 2020 below, primarily through reduced traffic and closures of Company-operated and third-party retail locations in certain markets, global supply chain disruptions and higher levels of inflation due to factory disruptions, port congestion, transportation delays as well as labor and container shortages, which resulted in higher operating costs causing pressure on our gross and operating profit in 2022. At the height of the global supply chain disruptions in 2022, we experienced delayed inventory orders which, in turn, resulted in the inability to fulfill certain customer orders and decreased product availability in our Company-owned stores and e-commerce sites which negatively impacted our net revenues and increased net inventory levels. We took aggressive measures in 2022 to focus on reducing inventory units, including manufacturing time-out costs. While total net inventory levels remain above 2021, inventory units decreased by 6 at the end of 2022 compared to 2021. We expect gross and operating margin pressure to continue in the first half of fiscal 2023 as we sell through the remainder of our higher-cost inventory. We expect gross and operating margin pressure to ease in the second half of 2023 as lower cost inventory currently being produced is sold and we anniversary the manufacturing time-out costs related to our inventory reduction initiatives in 2022. The future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, supply chain disruptions and inflation remain highly uncertain, and our business and results of operations, including our net revenues, earnings and cash flows, could continue to be adversely impacted. See related risk factors in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Outlook for 2023 
 We estimate our 2023 guidance as follows: 
 Net sales of approximately 6.05 billion to 6.20 billion, net of approximately 42 million of unfavorable foreign exchange impact; 
 Operating profit of approximately 446 million to 496 million, net of approximately 6 million of unfavorable foreign exchange impact; 
 Restructuring and other action-related charges totaling 60 million including Full Potential plan-related charges of approximately 54 million included in operating profit and refinancing charges of 6 million included in other expenses; 
 Interest expense and other expenses of approximately 306 million combined; 
 Tax expense from continuing operations of approximately 90 million to 100 million; 
 Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of approximately 0.14 to 0.25; 
 Cash flow from operating activities of approximately 500 million; and 
 Capital investments of approximately 150 million, including capital expenditures of 70 million within investing cash flow activities and cloud computing assets of 80 million within operating cash flow activities. 
 Business and Industry Trends 
 Inflation and Changing Prices 
 Cotton is the primary raw material used in manufacturing many of our products. While we do not own yarn operations, we are still exposed to fluctuations in the cost of cotton. Increases in the cost of cotton can result in higher costs in the price we pay for yarn from our large-scale yarn suppliers and may result in the need to implement future price increases in order to maintain 
 31 

Table of Contents 

our margins. Decreases in cotton prices can lead to lower margins for inventory and products produced from cotton we have already purchased, particularly if there is downward price pressure as a result of consumer demand, competition or other factors. 
 Our costs for cotton yarn, cotton-based textiles and cotton-based products sourced from third-party suppliers vary based upon the fluctuating cost of cotton, which is affected by, among other factors, weather, the impacts of climate change, consumer demand, speculation on the commodities market, the relative valuations and fluctuations of the currencies of producer versus consumer countries and other factors that are generally unpredictable and beyond our control. We are able to lock in the cost of cotton reflected in the price we pay for yarn from our primary yarn suppliers in an attempt to protect our business from the volatility of the market price of cotton. Under our agreements with these suppliers, we have the ability to periodically fix the cotton cost component of our yarn purchases. When we elect to fix the cotton cost component under these agreements, interim fluctuations in the price of cotton do not impact the price we pay for the specified volume of yarn. The yarn suppliers bear the risk of cotton fluctuations for the yarn volume specified and it is their responsibility to procure the cotton at the agreed upon pricing through arrangements they make with their cotton suppliers. However, our business can be affected by dramatic movements in cotton prices. The cost of cotton used in our products, which includes the cost of cotton used in goods manufactured by us, as well as the cotton content in yarn, textiles and turnkey products we purchase from third-party suppliers, as a percentage of our cost of sales was in the high single digits in 2022. Costs incurred today for materials and labor, including cotton, typically do not impact our results until the inventory is sold approximately six to nine months later. 
 Inflation can have a long-term impact on us because increasing costs of materials and labor may impact our ability to maintain satisfactory margins. For example, the cost of the materials that are used in our manufacturing process, such as oil-related commodity prices and other raw materials, including cotton, dyes and chemicals, and other costs, such as fuel, energy and utility costs, can fluctuate as a result of inflation and other factors. Disruptions to the global supply chain due to factory closures, port congestion, container shortages, trucking capacity shortages, transportation delays and labor shortages may negatively impact product availability, revenue growth and gross margins. We would work to mitigate the impact of the global supply chain disruptions through a combination of cost savings and operating efficiencies, as well as pricing actions, which could have an adverse impact on demand. Costs incurred for materials and labor are capitalized into inventory and impact our results as the inventory is sold. In addition, a significant portion of our products are manufactured in countries other than the United States and declines in the value of the U.S. dollar may result in higher manufacturing costs. Increases in inflation may not be matched by growth in consumer income, which also could have a negative impact on spending. 
 Other Business and Industry Trends 
 The basic apparel market is highly competitive and rapidly evolving. Competition generally is based upon brand, comfort, fit, style, innovation and price. The majority of our core styles continue from year to year, with variations only in color, fabric or design details. Some products, however, such as intimate apparel and activewear, do have more of an emphasis on style. Our businesses face competition today from other large domestic and foreign corporations and manufacturers, as well as smaller companies, department stores, specialty stores and other retailers that market and sell basic apparel products under private labels that compete directly with our brands. 
 In 2022, our top 10 customers accounted for approximately 45 of our total net sales. Our top customer, Walmart, accounted for 16 of our total net sales in 2022. The increasing bargaining power of retailers can create pricing pressures as our customers grow larger and seek greater concessions in their purchase of our products, while also demanding exclusivity with respect to some of our products. To counteract these effects, it has become increasingly important to leverage our national brands through investment in our largest and strongest brands as our customers strive to maximize their performance especially in today s challenging retail economic environment. Brands are important in our core categories to drive traffic and project the quality and value our customers demand. 
 Consumers are increasingly embracing shopping online through e-commerce platforms. As a result, an increasing portion of our revenue across all channels is being generated online through e-commerce platforms. We are continuing to develop and expand our omnichannel capabilities to allow a consumer to use more than one channel when making a purchase, including in-store, at one of our retail or outlet stores or those of our retail partners, online or with a mobile device, through one of our branded websites, the website of one of our retail partners, or an online retailer. In addition to broadening our assortment of product offerings across all online channels, we are also increasing the proportion of our media budget dedicated to digital marketing. 
 Foreign Exchange Rates 
 Changes in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies can impact our financial results in two ways; a translation impact and a transaction impact. The translation impact refers to the impact that changes in exchange rates can have on our published financial results. Similar to many multi-national corporations that publish financial results in U.S. dollars, our revenue and profit earned in local foreign currencies is translated back into U.S. dollars using an average exchange rate over the 
 32 

Table of Contents 

representative period. A period of strengthening in the U.S. dollar has a negative impact to our published financial results (because it would take more units of a local currency to convert into a dollar). The opposite is true during a period of weakening in the U.S. dollar. Our biggest foreign currency exposures are the Australian dollar and the Euro. We use cross-currency swap contracts and nonderivative financial instruments to minimize material foreign currency translation exposures. 
 The transaction impact on financial results is common for apparel companies that source goods because these goods are purchased in U.S. dollars. The transaction impact from a strengthening U.S. dollar would have a negative impact to our financial results (because the U.S. dollar-based costs would convert into a higher amount of local currency units, which means a higher local-currency cost of goods, and in turn, a lower local-currency gross profit). The transaction impact from exchange rates is typically recovered over time with price increases. However, during periods of rapid change in exchange rates, pricing is unable to change quickly enough; therefore, we use forward foreign exchange contracts to hedge against our sourcing costs to minimize our exposure to fluctuating exchange rates. 
 Our Key Business Strategies 
 Our business strategy integrates our brand superiority, industry-leading innovation and low-cost global supply chain to provide higher value products while lowering production costs. We operate in the global innerwear and global activewear apparel categories. These are stable, heavily branded categories where we have a strong consumer franchise based on a global portfolio of industry-leading brands that we have built over multiple decades, through hundreds of millions of direct interactions with consumers. Our multi-year growth strategy Full Potential plan focuses on four pillars to drive growth and enhance long-term profitability and identifies the initiatives to unlock growth. Our four pillars of growth are to grow the Champion brand globally, drive growth in Innerwear with brands and products that appeal to younger consumers, build e-commerce excellence across channels and streamline our global portfolio. In order to deliver this growth and create a more efficient and productive business model, we have launched a multi-year cost savings program intended to self-fund the investments necessary to achieve the Full Potential plan s objectives. We remain highly confident that our strong brand portfolio, world-class supply chain and diverse category and geographic footprint will help us unlock our full potential, deliver long-term growth and create stockholder value. 
 In the first quarter of 2021, we announced that we reached the decision to exit our European Innerwear business as part of our strategy to streamline our portfolio under our Full Potential plan and determined that this business met held-for-sale and discontinued operations accounting criteria. Accordingly, we began to separately report the results of our European Innerwear business as discontinued operations in our Consolidated Statements of Income, and to present the related assets and liabilities as held for sale in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. On November 4, 2021, we announced that we reached an agreement to sell this business to an affiliate of Regent, L.P., and completed the sale on March 5, 2022. Under the agreement, the purchaser received all the assets and operating liabilities of the European Innerwear business. See Note Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 In addition, in the fourth quarter of 2021, we reached the decision to divest our U.S. Sheer Hosiery business, including the L eggs brand, as part of our strategy to streamline our portfolio under our Full Potential plan and determined that this business met held-for-sale accounting criteria. The related assets and liabilities are presented as held for sale in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022. The operations of our U.S. Sheer Hosiery business are reported in Other for all periods presented in Note Business Segment Information to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We are currently exploring potential purchasers for this business and expect to complete the sale within the next 12 months. See Note Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 In June of 2022, we purchased the Champion trademark for footwear in the United States, Puerto Rico and Canada from Keds, LLC KEDS for 103 million. The trademark was recorded in Trademarks and other identifiable intangibles, net line in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and has an indefinite life. We previously licensed the Champion trademark for footwear in these locations. The purchase of the trademark was part of an agreement with KEDS settling litigation between the two parties and is another step forward in our Full Potential plan of growing the global Champion brand. 
 We seek to generate strong cash flow through effectively optimizing our capital structure and managing working capital levels. We recently shifted our capital allocation strategy to focus the use of all our free cash flow (cash from operations less capital expenditures) on reducing debt and bringing our leverage back to a range that is no greater than two to three times on a net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA basis. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization excluding restructuring and other action-related costs and stock compensation expense. Net debt is defined as total debt less cash and cash equivalents. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

Ransomware Attack 
 As previously disclosed, on May 24, 2022, we identified that we had become subject to a ransomware attack and activated our incident response and business continuity plans designed to contain the incident. As part of our forensic investigation and assessment of the impact, we determined that certain of our information technology systems were affected by the ransomware attack. 
 Upon discovering the incident, we took a series of measures to further safeguard the integrity of our information technology systems, including working with cybersecurity experts to contain the incident and implementing business continuity plans to restore and support continued operations. These measures also included resecuring data, remediation of the malware across infected machines, rebuilding critical systems, global password reset and enhanced security monitoring. We notified appropriate law enforcement authorities as well as certain data protection regulators, and in addition to our public announcements of the incident, we provided breach notifications and regulatory filings as required by applicable law starting in August 2022. At this time, we believe the incident has been contained, we have restored our critical information technology systems, and manufacturing, retail and other internal operations continue. There is no ongoing operational impact on our ability to provide our products and services. We maintain insurance, including coverage for cyber-attacks, subject to certain deductibles and policy limitations, in an amount that we believe appropriate. 
 We are named in two pending lawsuits in connection with our previously disclosed ransomware incident. On October 7, 2022, a putative class action was filed against Hanes Brands [sic], Inc. alleging, among other things, negligence, negligence per se, breach of implied contract, unjust enrichment, breach of implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, unfair business practices under the California Business and Professions Code, and violations of the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act in connection with the ransomware incident. The litigation is entitled, Roman v. Hanes Brands [sic], Inc., and is pending in the United States District Court for the Central District of California. Plaintiff Roman also subsequently filed a second putative class action with regard to the ransomware incident in the United States District Court for the Middle District of North Carolina on January 16, 2023, entitled Roman v. Hanesbrands,[sic] Inc., which was voluntarily dismissed without prejudice on January 20, 2023. On October 13, 2022, another putative class action was filed against HanesBrands Inc. alleging, among other things, negligence, negligence per se, breach of implied contract, invasion of privacy, and unjust enrichment in connection with the ransomware incident. The litigation is entitled, Toussaint v. HanesBrands,[sic] Inc. and is pending in the United States District Court for the Middle District of North Carolina. The pending lawsuits seek, among other things, monetary and injunctive relief. We are vigorously defending these matters and believe the cases are without merit. We do not expect any of these claims, individually or in the aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. However, at this early stage in the proceedings, we are not able to determine the probability of the outcome of these matters or a range of reasonably expected losses, if any. We maintain insurance, including coverage for cyber-attacks, subject to certain deductibles and policy limitations, in an amount that we believe appropriate. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred costs of approximately 15 million, net of expected insurance recoveries, related to the ransomware attack. The costs incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 included 14 million related primarily to supply chain disruptions, which are reflected in the Cost of sales line of the Consolidated Statements of Income and 1 million, net of expected insurance recoveries, related primarily to legal, information technology and consulting fees, which are reflected in the Selling, general and administrative expenses line of the Consolidated Statements of Income. The ransomware attack also negatively impacted our ability to order materials, make and ship orders, and process payments during the second quarter ended July 2, 2022, resulting in estimated lost sales of approximately 100 million. We continue to assess the security event and cannot determine, at this time, the full extent of the impact from such event on our business, results of operations or financial condition or whether such impact will ultimately have a material adverse effect. 
 Financing Arrangements 
 In November 2022 and in February 2023, given the economic conditions and the associated impact on earnings, we amended the credit agreement governing our Senior Secured Credit Facility to modify the financial covenants in order to avoid a potential covenant violation and to provide operating flexibility as described in Note Debt to our consolidated financial statements and Liquidity and Capital Resources included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We expect to maintain compliance with our covenants, as amended in February 2023, for at least one year from the issuance of these financial statements based on our current expectations and forecasts, however economic conditions or the occurrence of events discussed under Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or other SEC filings could impact our ability to maintain compliance or require us to seek additional amendments to the credit agreement. 
 We intend to refinance certain of our indebtedness with upcoming maturities, including an aggregate of approximately 1.4 billion of our 4.625 Senior Notes due in May 2024 and our 3.5 Senior Notes due in June 2024 in the first quarter of 2023. Any such refinancings will depend on market conditions and other relevant factors and there can be no assurance such refinancings will be pursued or completed. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Tax Expense 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our effective tax rate was impacted as a result of a valuation allowance recorded in 2022 against U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets. Additionally, the Company s effective tax rate was impacted by tax impairments in Switzerland which generated deferred tax liabilities. 
 We maintain intercompany transfer pricing agreements governing sales within our self-owned supply chain, which can impact the amount of pre-tax income we recognize in foreign jurisdictions. In compliance with applicable tax laws, we regularly review the terms of these agreements utilizing independent third-party transfer pricing studies to ensure that intercompany pricing is consistent with what a seller would charge an independent, arm s length customer, or what a buyer would pay an independent, arm s length supplier. Therefore, changes in intercompany pricing are often driven by market conditions, which are also difficult to predict. 
 Future acquisitions or divestitures may affect the proportion of our pre-tax income from foreign jurisdictions, both due to external sales and also increased volume in our self-owned supply chain. We follow a disciplined acquisition strategy focused on acquisitions that meet strict criteria for strong likely returns with relatively low risk. It is difficult to predict whether or when such acquisitions or divestitures will occur and whether the acquisition targets or divested operations will be foreign or domestic. Therefore, it is also difficult to predict the effect of acquisitions or divestitures on the future distribution of our pre-tax income. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have continued to evaluate our glo bal capital allocation strategy a nd assertions made with respect to the accumulated earnings of our foreign subsidiaries. As a result of our overall and continuous evaluation, we have not changed our assertion from prior year and we will continue to permanently reinvest a portion of our unremitted foreign earnings. The portion of our unremitted foreign earnings as of December 31, 2022 that we intend to remit to the United States totals approximately 269 million. We intend to use these earnings to fund capital investments and reduce debt held in the United States. The remaining portion of our unremitted foreign earnings will continue to be permanently reinvested to fund working capital requirements and operations abroad. As of December 31, 2022, we have accrued for income taxes of 26 million in connection with the 269 million of unremitted foreign earnings we intend to remit in the future. These income tax effects include United States federal, state, foreign and withholding tax implications in accordance with the planned remittance of such foreign earnings. 
 We regularly assess any significant exposure associated with increases in effective tax rates and adjustments are made as events occur that warrant adjustment to our income tax provisions. See We have a complex multinational tax structure, and changes in effective tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income tax returns could impact our capital deployment strategy and adversely affect our results. in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

2022 Key Financial Results 
 Key financial results are as follows: 
 Total net sales in 2022 were 6.2 billion, compared with 6.8 billion in 2021, representing an 8 decrease. 
 Operating profit was 520 million in 2022 compared with 798 million in 2021, representing a 35 decrease. As a percentage of sales, operating profit was 8.3 in 2022 compared to 11.7 in 2021. Included within operating profit in 2022 and 2021 were charges of 60 million and 132 million, respectively, related to the implementation of our Full Potential plan. 
 Diluted loss per share from continuing operations was 0.37 in 2022 compared with diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of 1.48 in 2021. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Consolidated Results of Operations Year Ended December 31, 2022 2022 Compared with Year Ended January 1, 2022 2021 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 Higher (Lower) Percent Change (dollars in thousands) Net sales 6,233,650 6,801,240 (567,590) (8.3) Cost of sales 4,012,542 4,149,541 (136,999) (3.3) Gross profit 2,221,108 2,651,699 (430,591) (16.2) Selling, general and administrative expenses 1,701,563 1,853,971 (152,408) (8.2) Operating profit 519,545 797,728 (278,183) (34.9) Other expenses 9,734 53,586 (43,852) (81.8) Interest expense, net 157,073 163,067 (5,994) (3.7) Income from continuing operations before income tax expense 352,738 581,075 (228,337) (39.3) Income tax expense 483,907 60,107 423,800 705.1 Income (loss) from continuing operations (131,169) 520,968 (652,137) (125.2) Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax 3,965 (443,744) 447,709 (100.9) Net income (loss) (127,204) 77,224 (204,428) (264.7) 
 Net Sales 
 Net sales decreased 8 during 2022 primarily due to the following: 
 Softer point-of-sale trends and higher retailer inventory levels as a result of the macroeconomic pressures; 
 The impact of the ransomware attack to the business; 
 Global supply chain disruptions resulting in product delays; 
 Ongoing COVID-related pressures on consumer traffic in certain markets in Asia; and 
 The unfavorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates in our International business of approximately 182 million. 
 Partially offset by: 
 Pricing actions taken throughout 2022. 
 Operating Profit 
 Operating profit as a percentage of net sales was 8.3 in 2022, representing a decrease from 11.7 in the prior year. Operating margin decreased as a result of lower sales volume, input cost inflation, impact from the ransomware attack, costs associated with our manufacturing time-out inventory reduction actions, deleverage from a higher proportion of transportation and distribution costs, unfavorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates and increased Full Potential plan-related investments in brand marketing and technology partially offset by pricing actions and cost reduction actions. Included in operating profit in 2022 and 2021 were charges of 60 million and 132 million, respectively, related to the implementation of our Full Potential plan. 
 Other Highlights 
 Other Expenses Other expenses decreased in 2022 compared to prior year primarily as a result of the refinancing of our Senior Secured Credit Facility and the redemption of our 5.375 Senior Notes in November 2021. Redemption of our 5.375 Senior Notes in 2021 required payment of a make-whole premium of 35 million. Additionally, the redemption of our 5.375 Senior Notes and the refinancing of our Senior Secured Credit Facility in 2021 resulted in a charge of 11 million for the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs and fees incurred. See Note Debt to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Other expenses also included higher funding fees for sales of accounts receivable to financial institutions which were partially offset by lower pension expense in 2022. 
 Interest Expense Interest expense was lower by 6 million in 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to a lower weighted average interest rate on our borrowings partially offset by higher weighted average outstanding debt balances during 2022. Our weighted average interest rate on our outstanding debt was 3.79 for 2022, compared to 4.06 for 2021. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Income Tax Expense Our effective income tax rate was 137.2 and 10.3 for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The higher effective tax rate for 2022 was primarily due to non-cash discrete tax charges of 423 million for valuation allowances established against U.S. deferred tax assets and tax impairments in Switzerland which generated deferred tax liabilities during 2022. 
 Discontinued Operations The results of our discontinued operations include the operations of our European Innerwear business which we reached the decision to exit at the end of the first quarter of 2021 in connection with our Full Potential plan. On March 5, 2022, we completed the sale of the European Innerwear business. See Note Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 

Operating Results by Business Segment Year Ended December 31, 2022 2022 Compared with Year Ended January 1, 2022 2021 
 
 Net Sales Years Ended December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 Higher (Lower) Percent Change (dollars in thousands) Innerwear 2,429,966 2,719,788 (289,822) (10.7) Activewear 1,555,062 1,679,639 (124,577) (7.4) International 1,914,268 2,066,249 (151,981) (7.4) Other 334,354 335,564 (1,210) (0.4) Total 6,233,650 6,801,240 (567,590) (8.3) 
 
 Operating Profit and Margin Years Ended December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 Higher (Lower) Percent Change (dollars in thousands) Innerwear 388,586 16.0 573,852 21.1 (185,266) (32.3) Activewear 153,710 9.9 236,400 14.1 (82,690) (35.0) International 283,036 14.8 339,317 16.4 (56,281) (16.6) Other 17,019 5.1 30,922 9.2 (13,903) (45.0) Corporate (322,806) NM (382,763) NM 59,957 (15.7) Total 519,545 8.3 797,728 11.7 (278,183) (34.9) 
 Innerwear 
 Innerwear net sales decreased 11 compared to prior year primarily due to softer point-of-sale trends, impacts to replenishment orders from retailers decisions to reduce broader inventory positions, business disruption as a result of the ransomware attack in the second quarter of 2022 and the overlap of last year s sales benefits from retailer restocking and government-stimulus spending partially offset by pricing actions taken and retail space gains in the first quarter of 2022 . 
 Innerwear operating margin was 16.0 , a decrease from 21.1 in the same period a year ago. The operating margin decline resulted from input cost inflation, lower sales volume, unfavorable product and channel mix, manufacturing time-out costs associated with our inventory reduction actions and deleverage from a higher proportion of distribution costs partially offset by pricing actions and cost reduction actions. 
 Activewear 
 Activewear net sales decreased 7 compared to prior year primarily due to softer point-of-sale trends primarily related to the Champion brand, retailer inventory levels and business disruption as a result of the ransomware attack in the second quarter of 2022. The net sales decrease was partially offset by growth in the collegiate and printwear channels and pricing actions primarily taken in the third quarter of 2022. 
 Activewear operating margin was 9.9 , a decrease from 14.1 in the same period a year ago. The operating margin decline resulted from higher levels of inflation, lower sales volume, deleverage from a higher proportion of distribution costs, manufacturing time-out costs associated with our inventory reduction actions and unfavorable product mix and partially offset by pricing actions and cost reduction actions. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

International 
 Net sales in the International segment decreased 7 compared to prior year due to unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates. The unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rates decreased net sales approximately 182 million in 2022. International net sales on a constant currency basis, defined as net sales excluding the impact of foreign currency, increased 1 . The impact of foreign currency exchange rates is calculated by applying prior period exchange rates to the current year financial results. Net sales on a constant currency basis increased as a result of Champion growth in Europe as well as innerwear growth in Australia and the Americas. The increase in net sales was partially offset by Champion declines in certain Asian markets. 
 International operating margin was 14.8 , a decrease from 16.4 in the same period a year ago. The decrease in operating margin primarily resulted from input cost inflation, which was partially offset by disciplined expense management during 2022. 
 Other 
 Other net sales decreased primarily as a result of lower sales at our retail outlets during 2022 compared to prior year partially offset by increased sales from our supply chain to the European Innerwear business. We have continued certain sales from our supply chain to this business on a transitional basis after the sale in the first quarter of 2022. These sales and the related profit are included in Other in all periods presented and have not been eliminated as intercompany transactions in consolidation for the period when this business was owned by us. See Note Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. Operating margin decreased due to the decrease in sales volume primarily in our retail outlets. 
 Corporate 
 Corporate expenses were lower in 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to lower restructuring and other action-related charges and lower variable compensation costs partially offset by increased information technology costs coupled with expenses, net of expected insurance recoveries, related to the ransomware attack which occurred during the second quarter of 2022. During 2022, we incurred costs of approximately 15 million, net of expected insurance recoveries, related to the ransomware attack which included 14 million related primarily to supply chain disruptions, which are reflected in the Cost of sales line of the Consolidated Statements of Income and 1 million, net of expected insurance recoveries, related primarily to legal, information technology and consulting fees, which are reflected in the Selling, general and administrative expenses line of the Consolidated Statements of Income . Included in restructuring and other action-related charges within operating profit in 2022 and 2021 were 60 million and 132 million, respectively, of charges related to the implementation of our Full Potential plan. Full Potential plan charges in 2022 included charges related to supply chain segmentation of 18 million to position our manufacturing network to align with revenue growth opportunities of our Full Potential plan demand trends, 10 million related to corporate headcount reductions and a non-cash gain of 4 million to adjust the valuation allowance related to the U.S. Sheer Hosiery business resulting from a decrease in carrying value due to changes in working capital. Full Potential plan charges in 2021 included a charge of 16 million for an action to resize our U.S. corporate office workforce through a voluntary retirement program and impairment charges of 7 million related to the full impairment of an indefinite-lived trademark related to a 
 38 

Table of Contents 

specific brand within the European Innerwear business that was excluded from the disposal group as it was not marketed for sale. 
 The components of restructuring and other action-related charges were as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 (dollars in thousands) Restructuring and other action-related charges: Full Potential plan: Professional services 23,994 44,617 Supply chain segmentation 17,982 5,419 Technology 11,922 4,617 Operating model 8,221 23,191 Impairment of intangible assets 7,302 (Gain) loss on sale of business and classification of assets held for sale (3,535) 38,364 Other 1,274 8,200 Total included in operating profit 59,858 131,710 Early extinguishment and refinancing of debt included in other expenses 45,699 Total included in income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax expense 59,858 177,409 Discrete tax (expense) benefit (422,918) 27,147 Tax effect on actions 9,152 26,518 Total included in income tax (expense) benefit (413,766) 53,665 Total restructuring and other action-related charges 473,624 123,744 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Cash Requirements and Trends and Uncertainties Affecting Liquidity 
 We rely on our cash flows generated from operations and the borrowing capacity under our credit facilities to meet the cash requirements of our business. We recently shifted our capital allocation strategy to utilize our cash from operations for payments to our employees and vendors in the normal course of business and to reinvest in our business through capital expenditures. We then plan to utilize our free cash flow (cash from operations less capital expenditures) to pay down debt to bring our leverage back to a range that is no greater than two to three times on a net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA basis. 
 Based on our current estimate of future earnings and cash flows, we believe we have sufficient cash and available borrowings for at least one year from the issuance of these financial statements based on our current expectations and forecasts. 
 In November 2022 and in February 2023, given the economic conditions and the associated impact on earnings, we amended the credit agreement governing our Senior Secured Credit Facility to modify the financial covenants in order to avoid a potential covenant violation and to provide operating flexibility. The amendments effect changes to certain provisions and covenants under the Senior Secured Credit Facility during the period beginning with the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 and continuing through the fiscal quarter ending March 30, 2024, or such earlier date as we may elect (such period of time, the Covenant Relief Period ), including: (a) an increase in the maximum consolidated net total leverage ratio 5.25 to 1.00 for the quarter ended December 31, 2022, 6.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ending April 1, 2023, 7.25 to 1.00 for the quarter ending July 1, 2023, 6.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September 30, 2023, 5.25 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December 30, 2023, and 5.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March 30, 2024, and reverting back to 4.50 to 1.00 for each quarter after the Covenant Relief Period has ended; (b) a reduction of the minimum interest coverage ratio from 3.00 to 1.00 to 2.60 to 1.00 for the quarter ended December 31, 2022 and the quarter ending April 1, 2023, 2.00 to 1.00 for the quarters ending July 1, 2023, September 30, 2023 and December 30, 2023, and 2.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March 30, 2024, with an increase to 2.75 to 1.00 for each quarter after the Covenant Relief Period has ended; (c) suspension of restricted payments in connection with share repurchases; (d) suspension of restricted payments pursuant to the Company's leverage ratio-based and "Available Amount" restricted payments baskets, (e) a cap on annual dividend payments of 75 million, which will revert back to the greater of (x) 350 million and (y) 8.0 of Total Tangible Assets after the Covenant Relief Period has ended; (f) suspension of the Company s Available Amount basket for investments in foreign subsidiaries and other investments; (g) suspension of the 0.50 to 1.00 increase in the maximum permitted consolidated net total leverage ratio resulting from a material permitted acquisition; and (h) the addition of two new tiers to the top of the pricing grid if the maximum consolidated net total leverage ratio exceeds 5.00 to 1.00 and 5.50 to 1.00. In conjunction with the Second Amendment, we transitioned the Senior Secured Credit Facility from the London Interbank Offered Rate to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate with a 10 basis points credit spread adjustment already included in the Senior Secured Credit Facility. In addition, the Third Amendment limits the 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Company's ability to incur incremental secured indebtedness during the Covenant Relief Period to 1.75 billion, subject to compliance with the financial covenants. 
 We expect to maintain compliance with our covenants, as amended in February 2023, for at least one year from the issuance of these financial statements based on our current expectations and forecasts. If economic conditions worsen and our earnings and operating cash flows do not start to recover as currently estimated by management, this could impact our ability to maintain compliance with our amended financial covenants and require us to seek additional amendments to our Senior Secured Credit Facility. If we are not able to obtain such necessary additional amendments, this would lead to an event of default and, if not cured timely, our lenders could require us to repay our outstanding debt. In that situation, we may not be able to raise sufficient debt or equity capital, or divest assets, to refinance or repay the lenders. 
 We intend to refinance certain of our indebtedness with upcoming maturities, including an aggregate of approximately 1.4 billion of our 4.625 Senior Notes due in May 2024 and our 3.5 Senior Notes due in June 2024 in the first quarter of 2023. Any such refinancings will depend on market conditions and other relevant factors and there can be no assurance such refinancings will be pursued or completed. 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are cash generated from global operations and cash available under our Revolving Loan Facility, our accounts receivable securitization facility (the ARS Facility and our other international credit facilities. 
 We had the following borrowing capacity and available liquidity under our credit facilities as of December 31, 2022: 
 As of December 31, 2022 Borrowing Capacity Available Liquidity (dollars in thousands) Senior Secured Credit Facility: Revolving Loan Facility (1) 
 1,000,000 642,546 ARS Facility (2) 
 222,693 13,193 Other international credit facilities 65,964 32,266 Total liquidity from credit facilities 1,288,657 688,005 Cash and cash equivalents 238,413 Total liquidity 926,418 
 
 (1) A portion of the Revolving Loan Facility is available to be borrowed in Euros or Australian dollars. 
 (2) Borrowing availability under the ARS Facility is subject to a quarterly fluctuating facility limit, not to exceed 225 million and permitted only to the extent that the face of the receivables in the collateral pool, net of applicable reserves and other deductions, exceeds the outstanding loans. 
 The following have impacted or may impact our liquidity: 
 We intend to refinance certain of our indebtedness with upcoming maturities, including an aggregate of approximately 1.4 billion of our 4.625 Senior Notes due 2024 and our 3.5 Senior Notes due 2024 in the first quarter of 2023. Any such refinancings will depend on market conditions and other relevant factors and there can be no assurance such refinancings will be pursued or completed. 
 We have principal and interest obligations under our debt and ongoing financial covenants under those debt facilities. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic which resulted in supply chain disruptions and inflationary pressures has had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on our business. 
 During 2022, we entered into transactions to repurchase approximately 1.6 million shares of our common stock at a total cost of 25 million including broker s commissions. At December 31, 2022, the remaining repurchase authorization under our current share repurchase program announced on February 2, 2022 totaled approximately 575 million. 
 Although we have historically paid a regular quarterly dividend, the Hanesbrands Board of Directors eliminated our quarterly cash dividend as we recently shifted our capital allocation strategy to pay down debt to bring our leverage back to a range that is no greater than two to three times on a net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA basis. The declaration of any future dividends and, if declared, the amount of any such dividends, will be subject to our actual future earnings, capital requirements, regulatory restrictions, debt covenants, other contractual restrictions and to the discretion of our Board of Directors. 
 We have invested in efforts to accelerate worldwide omnichannel and global growth initiatives, as well as marketing and brand building. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

We have launched a multi-year cost savings program intended to self-fund the investments necessary to achieve our Full Potential plan s objectives. 
 We expect capital expenditures of approximately 150 million in 2023, including capital expenditures of 70 million within investing cash flow activities and cloud computing assets of 80 million within operating cash flow activities. 
 In the future, we may pursue strategic business acquisitions or divestitures. 
 We made no cash contribution to our U.S. pension plans in 2022 and we expect to have no required cash contributions to our U.S. pension plans in 2023 based on a preliminary calculation by our actuary. We may also elect to make additional voluntary contributions. Our U.S. qualified pension plans were approximately 96 and 97 funded as of December 1, 2022 and 2021, respectively, under the Pension Protection Act funding rules. 
 We may increase or decrease the portion of the current-year income of our foreign subsidiaries that we remit to the United States, which could impact our effective income tax rate. We have not changed our reinvestment strategy from the prior year with regards to our unremitted foreign earnings and intend to remit foreign earnings totaling 269 million. 
 Future Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 The following table contains information on our material contractual obligations and commitments at December 31, 2022, and their expected timing on future cash flows and liquidity. 
 
 Payments Due by Period At December 31, 2022 Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2024-2025 Fiscal 2026-2027 Fiscal 2028 and Thereafter (dollars in thousands) Operating activities: Interest on debt obligations (1) 
 524,261 188,119 258,896 77,246 Inventory purchase obligations 
 416,375 403,316 13,059 Operating lease obligations (2) 
 499,583 127,996 183,172 119,381 69,034 Defined benefit plan minimum contributions (3) 
 Tax obligations (4) 
 90,934 37,527 49,714 3,693 Other obligations (5) 
 370,209 136,895 127,040 55,419 50,855 Investing activities: Capital expenditures 
 59,365 57,501 1,864 Financing activities: Debt 
 3,872,275 247,000 1,547,775 2,077,500 Total 5,833,002 1,198,354 2,181,520 2,333,239 119,889 
 
 (1) Interest obligations on floating rate debt instruments are calculated for future periods using interest rates in effect at December 31, 2022. 
 (2) As of December 31, 2022, our operating lease obligations exclude 55 million of additional operating lease commitments that have not yet commenced. These operating lease liabilities will be paid over a period of 10 years. 
 (3) Represents only the required minimum pension contributions to our U.S. qualified pension plan in the current year. We expect to have no required cash contributions to our U.S. pension plan in 2023 based on a preliminary calculation by our actuary although we may elect to make voluntary contributions to maintain certain funded levels. For a discussion of our pension plan obligations, see Note Defined Benefit Pension Plans to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (4) Represents current tax liabilities, uncertain tax positions and transition tax liabilities resulting from the Tax Act. 
 (5) Primarily represents the projected payments for liabilities recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets for royalty-bearing license agreements, information technology services, certain employee benefit claims, deferred compensation, and marketing and advertising obligations. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Sources and Uses of Our Cash 
 The information presented below regarding the sources and uses of our cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 was derived from our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 (dollars in thousands) Operating activities (358,802) 623,409 Investing activities (216,428) (52,455) Financing activities 295,829 (888,020) Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates on cash (42,815) (32,908) Change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (322,216) (349,974) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 560,629 910,603 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 238,413 560,629 
 Operating Activities 
 Our overall liquidity has historically been driven by our cash flow provided by operating activities, which is dependent on net income and changes in our working capital. As compared to the prior year, higher net cash used by operating activities was due to changes in working capital primarily accounts payable, accruals, inventory due to inflationary increases, softer point-of-sale trends and supply chain disruptions, and increased capital investments in our cloud computing assets partially offset by improvement in accounts receivable and lower pension plan contributions in 2022. Net cash from operating activities includes a 40 million contribution to our U.S. pension plan made in the first quarter of 2021. 
 Investing Activities 
 The increase in cash used by investing activities in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily the result of the purchase of the Champion trademark for footwear in the United States, Puerto Rico and Canada from Keds, LLC for 103 million, the sale of the European Innerwear business which resulted in an 11 million cash outflow and an increase in capital investments into our business. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash from financing activities increased in 2022 primarily as a result of increased borrowings on our ARS Facility and our Revolving Loan Facility coupled with the repayment of the outstanding balance of Term Loan B in 2021, which consisted of a required excess cash flow prepayment of 239 million and a voluntary prepayment of 61 million, the amendment and restatement of our Senior Secured Credit Facility which resulted in payment of 8 million for debt issuance costs in 2021, and the redemption of our 700 million 5.375 Senior Notes which required payment of a make-whole premium of 35 million in 2021. Net cash from financing activities in 2022 also included shares repurchased at a total cost of 25 million and Term Loan A scheduled payments of 25 million. 
 Financing Arrangements 
 In June 2022, we amended the ARS Facility. This amendment primarily increased the fluctuating facility limit to 225 million (previously 175 million) and extended the maturity date to June 2023. Additionally, the amendment changed our interest rate option as defined in the ARS Facility from the rate announced from time to time by PNC Bank, N.A. as its prime rate or the London Interbank Offered Rate to the rate announced from time to time by PNC Bank, N.A. as its prime rate or the Secured Overnight Financing Rate and increased certain receivables to the pledged collateral pool for the facility. 
 We believe our financing structure provides a secure base to support our operations and key business strategies. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all financial covenants under our credit facilities and other outstanding indebtedness. Under the terms of our Senior Secured Credit Facility, among other financial and non-financial covenants, we are required to maintain a minimum interest coverage ratio and a maximum total debt to EBITDA (earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation expense and amortization, as computed pursuant to the Senior Secured Credit Facility), or leverage ratio, each of which is defined in the Senior Secured Credit Facility. The method of calculating all of the components used in the covenants is included in the Senior Secured Credit Facility. In November 2022 and in February 2023, given the uncertain economic environment and the associated impact on future earnings, we amended the credit agreement governing our Senior Secured Credit Facility prior to any potential covenant violation in order to modify the financial covenants and to provide operating flexibility as described in Note Debt to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We expect to maintain compliance with our covenants, as amended in February 2023, for at least one year from the issuance of these financial statements based on our current expectations and forecasts, however economic conditions or the 
 42 

Table of Contents 

occurrence of events discussed under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or other SEC filings could impact our ability to maintain compliance or require us to seek additional amendments to the credit agreement. 
 We intend to refinance certain of our indebtedness with upcoming maturities, including an aggregate of approximately 1.4 billion of our 4.625 Senior Notes due in May 2024 and our 3.5 Senior Notes due in June 2024 in the first quarter of 2023. Any such refinancings will depend on market conditions and other relevant factors and there can be no assurance such refinancings will be pursued or completed. 
 For further details regarding our liquidity from our available cash balances and credit facilities see Cash Requirements and Trends and Uncertainties Affecting Liquidity above. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 We have chosen accounting policies that we believe are appropriate to report our operating results and financial condition in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. We apply these accounting policies in a consistent manner. Our significant accounting policies are discussed in Note Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The application of critical accounting policies requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosures. These estimates and assumptions are based on historical and other factors believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. We evaluate these estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis and may retain outside consultants to assist in our evaluation. If actual results ultimately differ from previous estimates, the revisions are included in results of operations in the period in which the actual amounts become known. The critical accounting policies that involve the most significant management judgments and estimates used in preparation of our consolidated financial statements, or are the most sensitive to change from outside factors, are described below: 
 Sales Recognition and Incentives 
 We recognize revenue when obligations under the terms of a contract with a customer are satisfied, which occurs at a point in time, upon either shipment or delivery to the customer. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for transferring goods, which includes estimates for variable consideration. We record provisions for any uncollectible amounts based upon our historical collection statistics and current customer information. Our management reviews these estimates each quarter and makes adjustments based upon actual experience. 
 Note Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (d) Sales Recognition and Incentives to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K describes a variety of sales incentives that we offer to resellers and consumers of our products. Measuring the cost of these incentives requires, in many cases, estimating future customer utilization and redemption rates. We use historical data for similar transactions to estimate the cost of current incentive programs. Our management reviews these estimates each quarter and makes adjustments based upon actual experience and other available information. We classify the costs associated with cooperative advertising as a reduction in the Net sales line in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Accounts Receivable Valuation 
 Accounts receivable consist primarily of amounts due from customers. We carry our accounts receivable at their net realizable value. In determining the appropriate allowance for doubtful accounts, we evaluate our receivables on a collection (pool) basis which are aggregated based on similar risk characteristics and consider a combination of factors, such as historical losses, the aging of trade receivables, industry trends, and our customers financial strength, credit standing and payment and default history. Changes in the characteristics of our accounts receivables and the aforementioned factors, among others, are reviewed quarterly and may lead to adjustments in our allowance for doubtful accounts. The calculation of the required allowance involves judgment by our management as to the impact of these and other factors on the ultimate realization of our trade receivables. Charges to the allowance for doubtful accounts are reflected in the Selling, general and administrative expenses line and charges to the allowance for customer chargebacks and other customer deductions are primarily reflected as a reduction in the Net sales line in our Consolidated Statements of Income. Because we cannot predict future changes in the financial stability of our customers, actual future losses from uncollectible accounts may differ from our estimates. If the financial condition of our customers were to deteriorate, resulting in their inability to make payments, a large reserve might be required. The amount of actual historical losses has not varied materially from our estimates for bad debts. 
 Inventory Valuation 
 We carry inventory on our balance sheet at the estimated lower of cost or market. Cost is determined by the first-in, first-out, or FIFO, method for our inventories. We carry obsolete, damaged and excess inventory at the net realizable value, which 
 43 

Table of Contents 

we determine by assessing historical recovery rates, current market conditions and our future marketing and sales plans. Because our assessment of net realizable value is made at a point in time, there are inherent uncertainties related to our value determination. Market factors and other conditions underlying the net realizable value may change, resulting in further reserve requirements. A reduction in the carrying amount of an inventory item from cost to market value creates a new cost basis for the item that cannot be reversed at a later period. While we believe that adequate write-downs for inventory obsolescence have been provided in the consolidated financial statements, consumer tastes and preferences will continue to change and we could experience additional inventory write-downs in the future. 
 Rebates, discounts and other cash consideration received from a vendor related to inventory purchases are reflected as reductions in the cost of the related inventory item, and are therefore reflected in the Cost of Sales line in our Consolidated Statements of Income when the related inventory item is sold. 
 Income Taxes 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are established for temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the income tax basis of our assets and liabilities, as well as for realizable operating loss and tax credit carryforwards, at tax rates in effect for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent on future taxable income in specific jurisdictions, the amount and timing of which are uncertain, and on possible changes in tax laws and tax planning strategies. If in our judgment it appears that it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the asset will not be realized, valuation allowances are established against our deferred tax assets, which increase income tax expense in the period when such determination is made. 
 We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution. These assessments of uncertain tax positions contain judgments related to the interpretation of tax regulations in the jurisdictions in which we transact business. The judgments and estimates made at a point in time may change based on the outcome of tax audits, expiration of statutes of limitations, as well as changes to, or further interpretations of tax laws and regulations. Income tax expense is adjusted in our Consolidated Statements of Income in the period in which these events occur. 
 Assets and Liabilities Acquired in Business Combinations 
 We account for business combinations using the purchase method, which requires us to allocate the cost of an acquired business to the acquired assets and assumed liabilities based on their estimated fair values at the acquisition date. We recognize the excess of an acquired business cost over the fair value of acquired assets and assumed liabilities as goodwill. We use a variety of information sources to determine the fair value of acquired assets and assumed liabilities. We generally use third-party appraisers to assist management in determination of the fair value and lives of property and identifiable intangibles, consulting actuaries to assist management in determining the fair value of obligations associated with defined benefit pension plans and legal counsel to assist management in assessing obligations associated with legal and environmental claims. 
 Trademarks and Other Identifiable Intangibles 
 Trademarks, license agreements, customer and distributor relationships and computer software are our primary identifiable intangible assets. We amortize identifiable intangibles determined to have finite lives over their estimated useful lives, and we do not amortize identifiable intangibles with indefinite lives. As of December 31, 2022, the net book value of trademarks and other identifiable intangible assets was 1.3 billion, of which we are amortizing a balance of 111 million. We anticipate that our amortization expense for 2023 will be approximately 30 million. 
 We evaluate identifiable intangible assets subject to amortization for impairment at least annually and as triggering events occur, such as significant adverse changes in business climate, several periods of operating or cash flow losses, forecasted continued losses or a current expectation that an intangible asset s value will be eliminated prior to the end of its useful life. We estimate an intangible asset s useful life based on historical experience, the level of maintenance expenditures required to obtain future cash flows, future business plans and the period over which the asset will be economically useful to us. Our policies require that we periodically review our assets remaining depreciable lives based upon actual experience and expected future utilization. A change in the depreciable life is treated as a change in accounting estimate and the accelerated amortization is accounted for in the period of change and future periods. 
 We assess identifiable intangible assets not subject to amortization for impairment at least annually, as of the first day of the third fiscal quarter, and more often as triggering events occur. In order to determine the impairment of identifiable intangible assets, we compare the fair value of the intangible asset to its carrying amount. Fair values of intangible assets are 
 44 

Table of Contents 

primarily based on future cash flows projected to be generated from that asset. We recognize an impairment loss for the amount by which an identifiable intangible asset s carrying value exceeds its fair value. 
 In connection with our annual impairment testing performed in the third quarter of 2022, we performed a quantitative assessment, utilizing an income approach to estimate the fair value of each indefinite-lived intangible asset. The most significant assumptions include the weighted average cost of capital, revenue growth rate, terminal growth rate and operating profit margin, all of which are used to estimate the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets. The tests indicated the indefinite-lived intangible assets had fair values that exceeded their carrying values and no impairment of trademarks or other identifiable intangible assets was identified as a result of our annual testing conducted in 2022. 
 Goodwill 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.1 billion of goodwill. We do not amortize goodwill, but we assess for impairment at least annually and more often as triggering events occur. The timing of our annual goodwill impairment testing is the first day of the third fiscal quarter. In evaluating the recoverability of goodwill in 2022, we estimated the fair value of our reporting units. We relied on a number of factors to determine the fair value of our reporting units and evaluated various factors to discount anticipated future cash flows, including operating results, business plans and present value techniques. As discussed above under Trademarks and Other Identifiable Intangibles, there are inherent uncertainties related to these factors, and our judgment in applying them and the assumptions underlying the impairment analysis may change in such a manner that impairment in value may occur in the future. Such impairment will be recognized in the period in which it becomes known. 
 In connection with our annual goodwill impairment testing performed during the third quarter of 2022, we performed a quantitative assessment utilizing an income approach to estimate the fair value of each reporting unit. The most significant assumptions include the weighted average cost of capital, revenue growth rate, terminal growth rate and operating profit margin, all of which are used to estimate the fair value of the reporting units. The tests indicated the reporting units had fair values that exceeded their carrying values, and no impairment of goodwill was identified as a result of our annual testing conducted in 2022. 
 Defined Benefit Pension Plans 
 For a discussion of our defined benefit pension plans and the related net periodic benefit cost, plan obligations, plan assets and how we measure the amount of these costs, see Note Defined Benefit Pension Plans to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The funded status of our defined benefit pension plans are recognized on our balance sheet. Differences between actual results in a given year and the actuarially determined assumed results for that year are deferred as unrecognized actuarial gains or losses in comprehensive income. We measure the funded status of our plans as of the date of our fiscal year end. 
 The net periodic benefit cost of the pension plans is determined using projections and actuarial assumptions, the most significant of which are the discount rate and the long-term rate of asset return. The net periodic pension income or expense is recognized in the year incurred. Gains and losses, which occur when actual experience differs from actuarial assumptions, are amortized over the average future expected life of participants. As benefits under the Hanesbrands Inc. Pension Plan are frozen, year over year fluctuations in our pension expense are not expected to have a material impact on our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Our policies regarding the establishment of pension assumptions are as follows: 
 Discount rate assumptions are generally based on yield curves applicable to each country and the expected cash flows for each plan. For our U.S. defined benefit plans, we use the full series of spot rates along the Aon AA-Only Above Median Yield Curve and expected plan cash flows to determine liabilities and expense. Single equivalent discount rates are shown for disclosure purposes. 
 Salary increase assumptions, where applicable, are generally based on historical experience and management expectations. This assumption is not applicable to the U.S., Italy or Canada SERP as benefits under these plans are either frozen or not tied to pay. The benefits under the Hanesbrands Inc. Legacy Pension Plan and the Hanesbrands Inc. Pension Plan were frozen as of December 31, 2005. 
 Long-term rate of return on plan assets assumptions, where applicable, are generally based on each plan s investment mix and forward-looking capital market assumptions applicable to each country. Expected returns also reflect an incremental premium for actively managed investments and a reduction for trust-paid expenses. This assumption is not applicable to unfunded plans. 
 Retirement and turnover assumptions are generally based on actual plan experience while standard actuarial mortality tables applicable to each country are used to estimate life expectancy. For our U.S. defined benefit plans, 
 45 

Table of Contents 

the 2022 mortality tables are from the Society of Actuaries Private Plan study published in 2019 (Pri-2012) projected generationally with Scale MP-2021 and reflecting Aon s Endemic scale adjustment, which increases the standard mortality rates in the near term due to the impact of the pandemic in the U.S., scaling down each year to a permanent slight increase to the standard mortality rates. 
 The sensitivity of changes in actuarial assumptions on our annual pension expense and on our plans benefit obligations, all other factors being equal, is illustrated by the following: 
 
 Increase (Decrease) in Pension Expense Benefit Obligation (in millions) 1 decrease in discount rate (1) 95 1 increase in discount rate 0 (80) 1 decrease in expected investment return 8 N/A 1 increase in expected investment return (8) N/A 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 For a summary of recently issued accounting pronouncements, see Note Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 We are exposed to market risk from changes in foreign exchange rates, interest rates and commodity prices. Our risk management control system uses analytical techniques including market value, sensitivity analysis and value at risk estimations. 
 Foreign Exchange Rates 
 We sell the majority of our products in transactions denominated in U.S. dollars; however, we purchase some raw materials, pay a portion of our wages and make other payments in our supply chain in foreign currencies. With our international commercial presence, we also have foreign entities that purchase raw materials and finished goods in U.S. dollars. We are also exposed to foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the effect that fluctuations in foreign exchange rates have on the reported results in our consolidated financial statements due to the translation of operating results and financial position of our foreign subsidiaries. Our exposure to foreign exchange rates exists primarily with respect to the Australian dollar, Euro, Canadian dollar and Mexican peso against the U.S. dollar. We use forward foreign exchange contracts, cross-currency swap contracts and nonderivative financial instruments to hedge material exposure to adverse changes in foreign exchange rates. A sensitivity analysis technique has been used to evaluate the effect that changes in the market value of foreign exchange currencies will have on our forward foreign exchange and cross-currency swap derivative contracts. At December 31, 2022, assuming a 10 adverse change in the underlying currency price, the potential change in fair value of foreign currency derivative instruments would be unfavorable by approximately 28 million. 
 Interest Rates 
 Our debt under the Revolving Loan Facility, the Term Loan A and the ARS Facility bears interest at variable rates. As a result, we are exposed to changes in market interest rates that could impact the cost of servicing our debt. Approximately 60 of our total debt outstanding at December 31, 2022 is at a fixed rate. A 25-basis point movement in the annual interest rate charged on the outstanding debt balances as of December 31, 2022 would result in a change in annual interest expense of approximately 4 million. 
 Commodity Prices 
 We are exposed to commodity price fluctuations primarily as a result of the cost of materials that are used in our manufacturing process. Cotton is the primary raw material used in manufacturing many of our products. Under our current agreements with our primary yarn suppliers, we have the ability to periodically fix the cotton cost component of our yarn purchases so that the suppliers bear the risk of cotton price fluctuation for the specified yarn volume and interim fluctuations in the price of cotton do not impact our costs. However, our business can be affected by sustained dramatic movements in cotton prices. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

In addition, fluctuations in crude oil or petroleum prices may influence the prices of other raw materials we use to manufacture our products, such as chemicals, dyestuffs, polyester yarn and foam, as well as affect our transportation and utility costs. We generally purchase raw materials at market prices. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Our consolidated financial statements required by this item are contained on pages F-1 through F-57 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Item 15(a)(1) for a listing of consolidated financial statements provided. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e), as of the end of the period covered by this report. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company's management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on their evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Management s annual report on internal control over financial reporting and the report of independent registered public accounting firm are incorporated by reference to pages F-2 and F-3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 In connection with the evaluation required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(d), our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that no changes in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The material under the heading Proposal 1 - Election of Directors: Nominees for Election as Directors for a One-Year Term Expiring in 2023, Proposal 1 - Election of Directors: Other Governance Information - Code of Ethics, Proposal 1 - Election of Directors: Board Structure and Processes - Committees of the Board of Directors and Proposal 1 - Election of Directors: How We Select our Directors - Director Independence, each as included and to be filed in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement ), is incorporated by reference herein in response to this Item. Certain information concerning the Company s executive officers is included in Item 1C of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The material under the heading Proposal 3 - Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation: Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Proposal 3 - Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation: Executive Compensation, Proposal 1 - Election of Directors: Board Structure and Processes - Committees of the Board of Directors - Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, and Proposal 3 - Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation: Compensation Committee Report, each as included and to be filed in the 2023 Proxy Statement, is incorporated by reference herein in response to this Item. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The material under the heading Equity Compensation Plan Information as included in Item 5 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the material under the heading Ownership of Our Stock: Share Ownership of Major Stockholders, Management and Directors as included and to be filed in the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference herein in response to this Item. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The material under the heading Proposal 1 - Election of Directors: Other Governance Information - Related Person Transactions and Proposal 1 - Election of Directors: How We Select our Directors - Director Independence, each as included and to be filed in the 2023 Proxy Statement, is incorporated by reference herein in response to this Item. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The material under the heading Proposal 2 - Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm: Relationship with Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm as included and to be filed in the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference herein in response to this Item. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements 
 The financial statements listed in the accompanying Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1 are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (a)(3) Exhibits 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 3.1 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Hanesbrands Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 5, 2006). 
 3.2 Articles Supplementary (Junior Participating Preferred Stock, Series A) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 5, 2006). 
 3.3 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Hanesbrands Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 28, 2015). 
 3.4 Articles Supplementary (Reclassifying Junior Participating Preferred Stock, Series A) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 2, 2015). 
 3.5 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Hanesbrands Inc. as amended on September 29, 2022 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 30, 2022 ). 
 4.1 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on. February 12, 2021). 
 4.2 Indenture, dated May 6, 2016, among Hanesbrands Inc., the subsidiary guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 6, 2016). 
 4.3 Indenture, dated June 3, 2016, among Hanesbrands Finance Luxembourg S.C.A., Hanesbrands Inc., the other guarantors named therein, U.S. Bank Trustees Limited, as Trustee, Elavon Financial Services Limited, UK Branch, as Paying Agent and Transfer Agent, and Elavon Financial Services Limited, as Registrar (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 3, 2016). 
 10.1 Hanesbrands Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan (As Amended and Restated) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 4, 2013). 
 10.2 First Amendment of Hanesbrands Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan (As Amended and Restated) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 11, 2019). 

49 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 10.3 Second Amendment of Hanesbrands Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan (As Amended and Restated) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 11, 2019). 

10.4 Form of Calendar Year Grant Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Agreement under the Hanesbrands Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan (As Amended and Restated) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 11, 2020). 
 10.5 Form of Discretionary Grant Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Agreement under the Hanesbrands Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan (As Amended and Restated) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 11, 2020). 
 10.6 Form of Performance Stock Award Grant Notice and Agreement under the Hanesbrands Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan (As Amended and Restated) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 11, 2020). 
 10.7 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Agreement under the Hanesbrands Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan (As Amended and Restated) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 6, 2014). 
 10.8 Hanesbrands Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 29, 2020). 
 10.9 Form of Calendar Year Grant Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Agreement under the Hanesbrands Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10. 9 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on. February 1 6 , 202 2 ). 
 10.10 Form of Discretionary Grant Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Agreement under the Hanesbrands Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10 .1 0 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on. February 1 6 , 202 2 ). 
 10.11 Form of Performance Stock Award Grant Notice and Agreement under the Hanesbrands Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10 . 11 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on. February 16 , 202 2 . 
 10.12 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Agreement under the Hanesbrands Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.15 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 12, 2021). 
 10.13 Inducement Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Agreement with Stephen B. Bratspies (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Commission file number 333-240312) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 3, 2020). 
 10.14 Inducement Performance Stock Unit Grant Notice and Agreement with Stephen B. Bratspies (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Commission file number 333-240312) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 3, 2020). 
 10.15 Inducement Stock Option Grant Notice and Agreement with Stephen B. Bratspies (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Commission file number 333-240312) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 3, 2020). 
 
 10.16 Inducement Sign-On Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Agreement with Kristin Oliver (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Commission file number 333-248667) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 2020). 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 10.17 Inducement Long-Term Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Agreement with Kristin Oliver (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Commission file number 333-248667) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 2020). 
 10.18 Inducement Long-Term Incentive Plan Performance Stock Unit Grant Notice and Agreement with Kristin Oliver (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Commission file number 333-248667) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 2020). 
 10.19 Hanesbrands Inc. Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 9, 2010). 
 10.20 Hanesbrands Inc. Annual Incentive Plan for Section 16 Officers (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 30, 2020). 
 10.21 Hanesbrands Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 6, 2014). 
 10.22 First Amendment to Hanesbrands Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.16 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 11, 2019). 
 10.23 Second Amendment to Hanesbrands Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.17 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 11, 2019). 
 10.24 Hanesbrands Inc. Executive Life Insurance Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 11, 2009). 
 10.25 Hanesbrands Inc. Executive Long-Term Disability Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 11, 2009). 
 10.26 Hanesbrands Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan of 2006, as amended (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 29, 2010). 
 10.27 Hanesbrands Inc. Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.13 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 11, 2009). 
 10.28 First Amendment to Hanesbrands Inc. Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 4, 2016). 
 10.29 S econd Amendment to Hanesbrands Inc. Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.23 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and exchange Commission on February 11, 2019). 
 
 10.30 Form of Severance/Change in Control Agreement entered into by and between Hanesbrands Inc. and certain of its executive officers and schedule of all such agreements with current executive officers. 
 
 10.31 Severance/Change in Control Agreement dated August 3, 2020 between Hanesbrands Inc. and Stephen B. Bratspies (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.38 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 12, 2021). 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 10.32 Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement by and among Hanesbrands Inc., MFB International Holdings S. r.l., HBI Holdings Australasia Pty Ltd (f/k/a HBI Australia Acquisition Co. Pty Ltd.) and the various financial institutions from time to time party to the Fifth Amended Credit Agreement as lenders, Bank of America, N.A., Barclays Bank PLC, HSBC Bank USA, N.A., PNC Bank, National Association, Truist Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as the co-syndication agents, Fifth Third Bank, National Association, The Bank of Nova Scotia, MUFG Securities Americas Inc. and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as the co-documentation agents, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the administrative agent and the collateral agent, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., BOFA Securities, Inc., Barclays Bank PLC, HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., PNC Capital Markets LLC, Truist Securities Inc., and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as the joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 23, 2021). 
 10.33 First Amendment, dated October 31, 2022, to the Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement among Hanesbrands Inc., MFB International Holdings S. r.l., HBI Australia Acquisition Co. Pty Ltd, the lenders party thereto from time to time and JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A., as the administrative agent and the collateral agent (inc o rporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q file d with the S e curities and Exchange Commission on November 9, 2022 . 
 10.34 Second Amendment, dated November 4, 2022, to the Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement among Hanesbrands Inc., MFB International Holdings S. r.l., HBI Australia Acquisition Co. Pty Ltd, the lenders party thereto from time to time and JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A., as the administrative agent and the collateral agent (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 9, 2022). 
 10.35 Third Amendment to Hanesbrands Inc. Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 10.36 Fourth Amendment to Hanesbrands Inc. Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 10.37 Hanesbrands Inc. Legacy Pension Plan. 
 10.38 Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 11, 2019, by and among Hanesbrands Inc., Knights Apparel LLC, GFSI LLC, CC Products LLC, Alternative Apparel, Inc., the other sellers and servicers from time to time party thereto, and MUFG Bank, LTD., as Buyer. 
 10.39 Amendment No. 1, dated as of June 19, 2020, to Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, by and among Hanesbrands Inc., Knights Apparel LLC, GFSI LLC, CC Products LLC, Alternative Apparel, Inc. and MUFG Bank, LTD. 
 10.40 Amendment No. 2, dated as of December 2, 2022, to Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, by and among Hanesbrands Inc., Knights Apparel LLC, GFSI LLC, CC Products LLC, Alternative Apparel, Inc. and MUFG Bank, LTD. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 10.41 Retention Award Agreement with M. Scott Lewis. 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 
 24.1 Powers of Attorney (included on the signature pages hereto). 
 31.1 Certification of Stephen B. Bratspies, Chief Executive Officer. 
 31.2 Certification of Michael P. Dastugue, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Stephen B. Bratspies, Chief Executive Officer. 
 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Michael P. Dastugue, Chief Financial Officer. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Management contract or compensatory plans or arrangements. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 Not applicable. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on February 7, 2023. 
 
 HANESBRANDS INC. /s/ Stephen B. Bratspies Stephen B. Bratspies Chief Executive Officer 
 54 

Table of Contents 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW BY ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints jointly and severally, Stephen B. Bratspies, Michael P. Dastugue and Tracy M. Preston, and each one of them, his or her attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each said attorneys-in-fact, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
 Signature Capacity Date /s/ Stephen B. Bratspies Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) February 7, 2023 Stephen B. Bratspies /s/ Michael P. Dastugue Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) February 7, 2023 Michael P. Dastugue /s/ M. Scott Lewis Chief Accounting Officer and Controller (principal accounting officer) February 7, 2023 M. Scott Lewis /s/ Cheryl K. Beebe Director February 7, 2023 Cheryl K. Beebe /s/ Geralyn R. Breig Director February 7, 2023 Geralyn R. Breig /s/ Bobby J. Griffin Director February 7, 2023 Bobby J. Griffin /s/ James C. Johnson Director February 7, 2023 James C. Johnson /s/ Franck J. Moison Director February 7, 2023 Franck J. Moison /s/ Robert F. Moran Director February 7, 2023 Robert F. Moran /s/ Ronald L. Nelson Director February 7, 2023 Ronald L. Nelson /s/ William S. Simon Director February 7, 2023 William S. Simon /s/ Ann E. Ziegler Director February 7, 2023 Ann E. Ziegler 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 
 Consolidated Financial Statements: Page Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 F- 2 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F- 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 F- 9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 10 

F-1 

Table of Contents 

Hanesbrands Inc. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management of Hanesbrands Inc. Hanesbrands is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted. Hanesbrands internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of Hanesbrands; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, and that receipts and expenditures of Hanesbrands are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of Hanesbrands; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of Hanesbrands assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management has evaluated the effectiveness of Hanesbrands internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based upon criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on this evaluation, management concluded that Hanesbrands internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included on the following pages. 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Hanesbrands Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Hanesbrands Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Emphasis of Matter 
 As discussed in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements, Debt , the Company has approximately 1.4 billion of outstanding debt that is due in the second quarter of 2024. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Impairment Assessments Goodwill of Certain Reporting Units and Indefinite-Lived Trademarks 
 As described in Notes 2 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s goodwill and indefinite-lived trademarks balances were 1,109 million and 1,143 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. These assets are assessed for impairment at least annually, as of the first day of the Company s third fiscal quarter, and as triggering events occur. The impairment test consists of comparing the fair value of the reporting unit or intangible asset, which is determined using the income approach, to its carrying value. If the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the asset, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to such excess. Fair values of reporting units and intangible assets are primarily based on future cash flows projected to be generated from that asset. In performing the discounted cash flow analysis, management makes various judgments, estimates and assumptions, the most significant of which are the assumptions related to revenue growth rates, operating profit margin rates, terminal growth rates, and discount rates. Rates used to discount cash flows are dependent upon interest rates and the cost of capital at a point in time. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the impairment assessments for goodwill of certain reporting units and indefinite-lived trademarks is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value measurement of certain reporting units and indefinite-lived trademarks; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to the revenue growth rates, operating profit margin rates, and discount rates; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s goodwill and indefinite-lived trademarks impairment assessments, including controls over the valuation of the Company s reporting units and indefinite-lived trademarks. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing management s process for developing the fair value estimate of certain reporting units and indefinite-lived trademarks; (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow analysis; (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the analysis; and (iv) evaluating the significant assumptions used by management related to the revenue growth rates, operating profit margin rates, and discount rates. Evaluating management s assumptions related to revenue growth rates and operating profit margin rates involved evaluating whether the assumptions were reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the reporting units and branded products associated with the trademarks; (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data; and (iii) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in the evaluation of the discount rates assumption. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 February 7, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2006. 

F-4 

Table of Contents 

HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 January 2, 2021 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating profit Other expenses Interest expense, net Income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax expense ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Income (loss) from continuing operations ) ) Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Earnings (loss) per share - basic: Continuing operations ) ) Discontinued operations ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Earnings (loss) per share - diluted: Continuing operations ) ) Discontinued operations ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 January 2, 2021 Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Translation adjustments ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on qualifying cash flow hedges, net of tax of (226), (9,170), and 6,870, respectively ) Unrecognized income (loss) from pension and postretirement plans, net of tax of (650), (25,644), and 10,195, respectively ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Trade accounts receivable, net Inventories Other current assets Current assets held for sale Total current assets Property, net Right-of-use assets Trademarks and other identifiable intangibles, net Goodwill Deferred tax assets Other noncurrent assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Accounts payable Accrued liabilities and other: Payroll and employee benefits Advertising and promotion Other Lease liabilities Accounts Receivable Securitization Facility Current portion of long-term debt Current liabilities held for sale Total current liabilities Long-term debt Lease liabilities - noncurrent Pension and postretirement benefits Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders equity: Preferred stock (50,000,000 authorized shares; .01 par value) Issued and outstanding None Common stock (2,000,000,000 authorized shares; .01 par value) Issued and outstanding 349,009,147 and 349,903,253, respectively Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Shares Amount Balances at December 28, 2019 ) Net loss ) ) Dividends 0.60 per common share) ) ) Other comprehensive income Stock-based compensation Net exercise of stock options, vesting of restricted stock units and other ) ) Share repurchases ) ) ) ) ) Balances at January 2, 2021 ) Net income Dividends 0.60 per common share) ) ) Other comprehensive income Stock-based compensation Net exercise of stock options, vesting of restricted stock units and other ) ) Balances at January 1, 2022 ) Net loss ) ) Dividends 0.60 per common share) ) ) Other comprehensive income Stock-based compensation Net exercise of stock options, vesting of restricted stock units and other ) ) Share repurchases ) ) ) ) ) Balances at December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 (1) 
 January 1, 2022 (1) 
 January 2, 2021 (1) 
 Operating activities: Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash from operating activities: Depreciation Amortization of acquisition intangibles Other amortization Inventory write-down charges Impairment of intangible assets and goodwill (Gain) loss on sale of business and classification of assets held for sale ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Amortization of debt issuance costs Stock compensation expense Deferred taxes ) Other ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued pension and postretirement benefits ) ) ) Accrued liabilities and other ) Net cash from operating activities ) Investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Purchase of trademarks ) Proceeds from sales of assets Other ) Net cash from investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities: Borrowings on Term Loan Facilities Repayments on Term Loan Facilities ) ) Borrowings on Accounts Receivable Securitization Facility Repayments on Accounts Receivable Securitization Facility ) ) Borrowings on Revolving Loan Facilities Repayments on Revolving Loan Facilities ) ) Borrowings on Senior Notes Repayments on Senior Notes ) Borrowings on International Debt Repayments on International Debt ) Borrowings on notes payable Repayments on notes payable ) ) ) Share repurchases ) ) Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Payments to amend and refinance credit facilities ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Net cash from financing activities ) Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates on cash ) ) Change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year Less restricted cash at end of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year Balances included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets: Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents included in current assets held for sale Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 
 (1) The cash flows related to discontinued operations have not been segregated and remain included in the major classes of assets and liabilities in the periods prior to the sale of the European Innerwear business on March 5, 2022. Accordingly, the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows include the results of continuing and discontinued operations. 
 See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

(1) 
 , 2021 and 2020 relate to the 52-week fiscal year ended on December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, and the 53-week fiscal year ended on January 2, 2021, respectively. Two subsidiaries of the Company close one day after the Company s consolidated year end. The difference in reporting of financial information for these subsidiaries did not have a material impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Business Strategy 
 In late 2020, the Company undertook a comprehensive global business review focused on building consumer-centric growth. The review resulted in the Company s Full Potential plan, which is its multi-year growth strategy that focuses on four pillars to drive growth and enhance long-term profitability and identifies the initiatives to unlock growth. The Company s four pillars of growth are to grow the Champion brand globally, drive growth in Innerwear with brands and products that appeal to younger consumers, drive consumer-centricity by delivering innovative products and improving awareness through investments in brand marketing and digital capabilities, and streamline its global portfolio. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company began the implementation of its Full Potential plan and as part of its strategy to streamline its portfolio, the Company determined that its personal protective equipment PPE business was no longer a growth opportunity and recorded a charge of to write down its entire PPE inventory balance to its estimated net realizable value and a charge of to accrue for vendor commitments for PPE materials that were paid in 2021. Additionally, the Company commenced an initiative to reduce 20 of its SKUs in inventory in order to streamline product offerings while also implementing a formal lifecycle management process. As a result, the Company recorded a charge of to write down inventory to its estimated net realizable value taking into account these initiatives. These initiatives will position the Company for long-term growth by driving higher margin sales, lowering costs and improving service to customers. 
 In the first quarter of 2021, the Company announced that it reached the decision to exit its European Innerwear business as part of its strategy to streamline its portfolio under its Full Potential plan and determined that this business met held-for-sale and discontinued operations accounting criteria. Accordingly, the Company began to separately report the results of its European Innerwear business as discontinued operations in its Consolidated Statements of Income, and to present the related assets and liabilities as held for sale in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. On November 4, 2021, the Company announced that it reached an agreement to sell its European Innerwear business to an affiliate of Regent, L.P. and completed the sale on March 5, 2022. Unless otherwise noted, discussion within these notes to the consolidated financial statements relates to continuing operations. See Note Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale for additional information. 
 In addition, in the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company reached the decision to divest its U.S. Sheer Hosiery business, including the L eggs brand, as part of its strategy to streamline its portfolio under its Full Potential plan and determined that this business met held-for-sale accounting criteria, The related assets and liabilities are presented as held for sale in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022. The operations of the U.S. Sheer Hosiery business are reported in Other for all periods presented in Note Business Segment Information . The Company is currently exploring potential purchasers for this business and expects to complete the sale within the next 12 months. See Note Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale for additional information. 
 Ransomware Attack 
 As previously disclosed, on May 24, 2022, the Company identified that it had become subject to a ransomware attack and activated its incident response and business continuity plans designed to contain the incident. As part of the Company s forensic investigation and assessment of the impact, the Company determined that certain of its information technology systems were affected by the ransomware attack. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 , net of expected insurance recoveries, related to the ransomware attack. The costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 included related primarily to supply chain disruptions, which are reflected in the Cost of sales line of the Consolidated Statements of Income and , net of expected insurance recoveries, related primarily to legal, information technology and consulting fees, which are reflected in the Selling, general and administrative expenses line of the Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company continues to assess the security event and cannot determine, at this time, the full extent of the impact from such event on its business, results of operations or financial condition or whether such impact will ultimately have a material adverse effect. 
 Financing Arrangements 

(2) 

F-11 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

(c) 
 
 (d) 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 (e) 
 , and in , 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (f) 
 , and in , 2021 and 2020, respectively. Shipping costs, which comprise payments to third-party shippers, and handling costs, which consist of warehousing costs in the Company s various distribution facilities, were , and in , 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company recognizes shipping, handling and distribution costs in the Selling, general and administrative expenses line in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 (g) 
 , and in , 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (h) 
 , and in , 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (i) 
 (U.S. related to the Company s 2018 acquisition of BNT Holdco Pty Limited was held in one of the Company s bank accounts and classified as restricted cash in the Other current assets line in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. This balance was paid to the sellers in the second quarter of 2021. The Company had restricted cash as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022. 
 (j) 
 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

(l) 
 years and buildings and building improvements over periods of up to years. A change in the depreciable life is treated as a change in accounting estimate and the accelerated depreciation is accounted for in the period of change and future periods. Additions and improvements that substantially extend the useful life of a particular asset and interest costs incurred during the construction period of major properties are capitalized. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. Upon sale or disposition of an asset, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts. 
 Property is tested for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying value may not be recoverable. Such events include significant adverse changes in the business climate, several periods of operating or cash flow losses, forecasted continuing losses or a current expectation that an asset or an asset group will be disposed of before the end of its useful life. Recoverability of property is evaluated by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset or asset group to future net undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset group. If these comparisons indicate that an asset is not recoverable, the impairment loss recognized is the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the estimated fair value. When an impairment loss is recognized for assets to be held and used, the adjusted carrying amount of those assets is depreciated over its remaining useful life. Restoration of a previously recognized impairment loss is not permitted under GAAP. 
 (m) 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

(n) 
 to years, license agreements are generally amortized over periods ranging from three to years, customer and distributor relationships are generally amortized over periods ranging up to years and computer software and other intangibles are generally amortized over periods ranging from one to years. 
 Identifiable intangible assets that are subject to amortization are evaluated for impairment using a process similar to that used in evaluating elements of property. Identifiable intangible assets not subject to amortization are assessed for impairment at least annually, as of the first day of the third fiscal quarter, and as triggering events occur. The impairment test for identifiable intangible assets not subject to amortization consists of comparing the fair value of the intangible asset, which is determined using the income approach, to its carrying value. If the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the asset, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to such excess. Fair values of intangible assets are primarily based on future cash flows projected to be generated from that asset. In performing the discounted cash flow analysis, management makes various judgments, estimates and assumptions, the most significant of which are the assumptions related to revenue growth rates, operating profit margin rates, terminal growth rates, and discount rates. Rates used to discount cash flows are dependent upon interest rates and the cost of capital at a point in time. There are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and management s judgment in applying them to the analysis of intangible asset impairment. 
 The Company capitalizes internal software development costs incurred during the application development stage, which include the actual costs to purchase software from vendors and generally include personnel and related costs for employees who were directly associated with the enhancement and implementation of purchased computer software. Additions to computer software are included in the Capital expenditures line in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 (o) 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

. Changes in these assets are included in the Other assets line within operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 (q) 
 (r) 
 
 (s) 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

F-17 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 (u) 
 
 (v) 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

(3) 
 European Innerwear business - discontinued operations Total current assets held for sale U.S. Sheer Hosiery business - continuing operations European Innerwear business - discontinued operations Total current liabilities held for sale 
 U.S. Sheer Hosiery Business - Continuing Operations 
 In 2020, the Company determined that there was a triggering event associated with its U.S. Sheer Hosiery reporting unit due to a significant decline in performance below management s expectations and loss of a future wholesale sheer hosiery program. As a result, the Company recorded impairment charges for the full amount of goodwill related to the U.S. Sheer Hosiery reporting unit of , which are reflected in the Selling, general and administrative expenses line in the Consolidated Statements of Income in 2020. In the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company reached the decision to divest its U.S. Sheer Hosiery business, including the L eggs brand, as part of its strategy to streamline its portfolio under its Full Potential plan and determined that this business met held-for-sale accounting criteria. The related assets and liabilities are presented as held for sale in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022. The Company recorded a non-cash charge of in the fourth quarter of 2021 to record a valuation allowance against the net assets held for sale to write down the carrying value of the disposal group to the estimated fair value less costs of disposal. In 2022, the Company recognized a non-cash gain of to adjust the valuation allowance resulting from a decrease in carrying value due to changes in working capital. These valuation allowance adjustments are reflected in the Selling, general and administrative expenses line in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The operations of the U.S. Sheer Hosiery business are reported in Other for all periods presented in Note Business Segment Information . The Company is currently exploring potential purchasers for this business and expects to complete the sale within the next 12 months. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 was recorded as "Impairment of intangible assets and goodwill" in the summarized discontinued operations financial information in 2021. In addition, the Company recorded a valuation allowance against the net assets held for sale to write down the carrying value of the disposal group to the estimated fair value less costs of disposal, resulting in non-cash charges of and for the quarter and year ended January 1, 2022, respectively, as "Loss on sale of business and classification of assets held for sale" in the summarized discontinued operations financial information. The non-cash charge recorded in the quarter ended January 1, 2022 primarily resulted from changes in working capital balances and foreign exchange rates. In the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded the final loss on the sale of the European Innerwear business of primarily resulting from changes in working capital balances and foreign exchange rates. 
 Additionally, the Company recorded an impairment charge of in continuing operations on an indefinite-lived trademark in 2021 which is reflected in the Selling, general and administrative expenses line in the Consolidated Statements of Income. This charge relates to the full impairment of an indefinite-lived trademark related to a specific brand within the European Innerwear business that was excluded from the disposal group as it was not marketed for sale. 
 During the second quarter of 2020, the Company completed a quantitative impairment analysis for certain indefinite-lived intangible assets as a result of the significant impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on their performance. Based on this analysis, the Company recorded impairment charges of on certain indefinite-lived trademarks and other intangible assets within the European Innerwear business which are reflected in the Impairment of intangible assets and goodwill line in the summarized discontinued operations financial information in 2020. 
 The Company has continued certain sales from its supply chain to the European Innerwear business on a transitional basis after the sale of the business. Under the terms of the Manufacturing and Supply Agreement that was signed as part of closing the transaction, the Company will provide these services for periods up to 34 months from the closing date of the transaction. Additionally, the Company entered into a Transitional Services Agreement pursuant to which the Company will provide transitional services including information technology, human resources, facilities management, and limited finance and accounting services for periods up to 12 months from the closing date of the transaction. The sales and the related profit are included in continuing operations in the Consolidated Statements of Income and in Other in Note Business Segment Information in all periods presented and have not been eliminated as intercompany transactions in consolidation for the period when the European Innerwear business was owned by the Company. The related receivables from the European Innerwear business are included in Trade accounts receivable, net in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for all periods presented. 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Impairment of intangible assets and goodwill Loss on sale of business and classification of assets held for sale Operating loss ) ) ) Other expenses Interest expense, net Loss from discontinued operations before income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Net income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) 
 Assets and liabilities of discontinued operations classified as held for sale in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 consist of the following: 
 December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 Cash and cash equivalents Trade accounts receivable, net Inventories Other current assets Property, net Right-of-use assets Trademarks and other identifiable intangibles, net (1) 
 Deferred tax assets Other noncurrent assets Allowance to adjust assets to estimated fair value, less costs of disposal ) Total assets of discontinued operations Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Lease liabilities Notes payable Lease liabilities - noncurrent Pension and postretirement benefits Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities of discontinued operations 
 
 (1) The Trademarks and other identifiable intangibles, net line in the table above includes of indefinite-lived trademarks as of January 1, 2022. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Amortization Capital expenditures Impairment of intangible assets and goodwill Loss on sale of business and classification of assets held for sale Capital expenditures included in accounts payable at end of period Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations 
 
 (4) 
 
 Consumer-directed Total net sales 
 Revenue Sources 
 Third-Party Brick-and-Mortar Wholesale Revenue 
 Third-party brick-and-mortar wholesale revenue is primarily generated by sales of the Company s products to retailers to support their brick-and-mortar operations. Also included within third-party brick-and-mortar wholesale revenue is royalty revenue from licensing agreements. The Company earns royalties through license agreements with manufacturers of other consumer products that incorporate certain of the Company s brands. The Company accrues revenue earned under these contracts based upon reported sales from the licensees. Additionally, third-party brick-and-mortar wholesale revenue for the year ended January 2, 2021 includes of revenue from contracts with governments generated from the sale of both cloth face coverings and gowns for use to help mitigate the spread of the virus during the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Consumer-Directed Revenue 

(5) 
 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Effect of potentially dilutive securities: Stock options Restricted stock units Employee stock purchase plan and other Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 
 Restricted stock units Employee stock purchase plan and other 
 In 2022 and 2020, all potentially dilutive securities were excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation because the Company incurred a net loss for these years and their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. 
 
 (6) 
 shares of common stock of the Company for awards granted under the 2020 Omnibus Plan, plus the number of shares of common stock of the Company available for grant under the predecessor Hanesbrands Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Prior Plan that had not yet been made subject to awards under the Prior Plan as of the effective date of the 2020 Omnibus Plan. The 2020 Omnibus Plan authorized shares for awards of stock options and restricted stock units, of which shares were available for future grants as of December 31, 2022. 
 In addition, during 2020, the Company granted stock awards to two newly hired executive officers outside of the 2020 Omnibus Plan in reliance on the employment inducement exemption under the New York Stock Exchange s Listed Company Manual Rule 303A.08. 
 Stock Options 
 Under the Omnibus Incentive Plan, the exercise price of each stock option equals the closing market price of the Company s stock on the date of grant. Options granted vest ratably over three years and can be exercised over a term of years. The fair value of each option grant was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. There were no options granted during 2022, 2021 or 2020 under the Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 During 2020, the Company granted stock options to a newly hired executive officer outside of the 2020 Omnibus Plan in reliance on the employment inducement exemption under the New York Stock Exchange s Listed Company Manual Rule 303A.08. The exercise price of each stock option equals either the closing market price of the Company s stock on the date of grant or the closing market price of the Company s stock on the date of grant multiplied by a specified exercise premium factor applicable to each option. Options granted vest ratably over three years and can be exercised over a term of years. The fair value of each option grant was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Risk-free interest rate Volatility Expected term (years) 
 The dividend yield assumption is based on the Company s historical dividend payments. The risk-free rate of interest is based on the yield of a zero-coupon U.S. Treasury bond on the date the award is granted having a maturity approximately equal to the expected term of the award. The expected volatility, expected term and forfeitures are estimated based on the historical experience of the Company s stock price, exercise experience and employee turnover data, respectively. 
 Granted Exercised ) Options outstanding at January 2, 2021 Granted Exercised Options outstanding at January 1, 2022 Granted Exercised Options outstanding at December 31, 2022 Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 There were stock option exercises during 2022 or 2021. The total intrinsic value of options that were exercised during 2020 was . 
 Stock Unit Awards 
 Under the Omnibus Incentive Plan, restricted stock units RSUs of the Company s stock are granted to certain Company non-employee directors and employees to incent performance and retention over periods of one to three years. Upon vesting, the RSUs are converted into shares of the Company s common stock on a one-for-one basis and issued to the grantees. Some RSUs which have been granted under the Omnibus Incentive Plan vest upon continued future service to the Company, while others also have a performanced-based vesting feature. The cost of these awards is determined using the fair value of the shares on the date of grant, and compensation expense is recognized over the period during which the grantees provide the requisite service to the Company. 
 During 2020, the Company granted RSUs to two newly hired executive officers outside of the 2020 Omnibus Plan in reliance on the employment inducement exemption under the New York Stock Exchange s Listed Company Manual Rule 303A.08. These grants included non-performanced based awards which vest upon continued future service to the Company and performanced-based awards which have a performanced-based vesting feature. These RSUs are granted to induce employment and incent performance and retention over periods of two to three years. Upon vesting, the RSUs are converted into shares of the Company s common stock on a one-for-one basis and issued to the grantees. The cost of these awards is determined using the fair value of the shares on the date of grant, and compensation expense is recognized over the period during which the grantees provide the requisite service to the Company. 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Granted non-performanced based Granted performanced based Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested share units outstanding at January 2, 2021 Granted non-performanced based Granted performanced based ) Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested share units outstanding at January 1, 2022 Granted non-performanced based Granted performanced based Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested share units outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 The total fair value of shares vested during , 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. Certain participants elected to defer receipt of shares earned upon vesting. 
 In addition to granting RSUs that vest solely upon continued future service to the Company, the Company also grants performanced-based RSUs where the number of shares of the Company s common stock that will be received upon vesting range from to of the number of units granted based on the Company s achievement of certain performance metrics. These performanced-based stock awards, which are included in the table above, represent awards that are earned based on future performance and service. As reported in the above table, the number of performanced-based RSUs granted each year represents the initial units granted on the date of grant plus or minus any adjustment for units that were earned based on the final achievement of the respective performance thresholds. 
 Compensation expense included in discontinued operations ) Total compensation expense Deferred tax benefit recognized in continuing operations 
 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock-based compensation arrangements, of which , , and is expected to be recognized in continuing operations in 2023, 2024, and 2025, respectively. 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 (7) 
 Charged to expenses Deductions, write-offs and adjustments ) ) ) Currency translation Balance at January 2, 2021 Charged to expenses Deductions, write-offs and adjustments ) ) Currency translation ) ) ) Balance at January 1, 2022 Charged to expenses Deductions, write-offs and adjustments ) ) ) Currency translation ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 Charges to the allowance for doubtful accounts are reflected in the Selling, general and administrative expenses line and charges to the allowance for customer chargebacks and other customer deductions are primarily reflected as a reduction in the Net sales line in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Deductions and write-offs, which do not increase or decrease income, represent write-offs of previously reserved accounts receivable and allowed customer chargebacks and deductions against gross accounts receivable. 
 Sales of Accounts Receivable 
 The Company has entered into agreements to sell selected trade accounts receivable to financial institutions based on programs offered by certain of the Company s largest customers as well as programs sponsored by the Company. As a result of the strong credit worthiness of these customers, the discount taken on most of these programs is less than the marginal borrowing rate on the Company s variable rate credit facilities. In all agreements, after the sale, the Company does not retain any beneficial interests in the receivables. The applicable financial institution services and collects the accounts receivable directly from the customer for programs offered by the Company s customers. For programs sponsored by the Company, the Company maintains continued involvement as the servicer to collect the accounts receivable from the customer and remit payment to the financial institution. Net proceeds of these accounts receivable sale programs are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as part of operating cash flows. 
 The Company recognized total funding fees of , and in , 2021 and 2020, respectively, for sales of accounts receivable to financial institutions in the Other expenses line in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 (8) 
 Work in process Finished goods 
 
 (9) 
 Buildings and improvements Machinery and equipment Construction in progress Less accumulated depreciation Property, net 
 , and , respectively. 
 
 (10) 
 years, some of which include options to extend the leases for up to years, and some of which include options to terminate the leases within . 
 Total operating lease costs, which includes short-term leases and variable cost, were , and for , 2021 and 2020, respectively. For , 2021 and 2020, variable costs of , and , respectively, were included in total operating lease costs. Short-term lease costs were immaterial for , 2021 and 2020. 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations - non-cash activity 
 years years years Weighted average discount rate 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less interest 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s operating lease liabilities exclude of additional operating lease commitments that have not yet commenced. These operating lease liabilities will be paid over a period of 10 years. 
 
 (11) 
 Licensing agreements Customer and distributor relationships Computer software Other intangibles Intangible assets not subject to amortization: Trademarks Perpetual licensing agreements and other Net book value of intangible assets 
 
 Gross Accumulated Amortization Net Book Value Year ended January 1, 2022: Intangible assets subject to amortization: Trademarks and brand names Licensing agreements Customer and distributor relationships Computer software Other intangibles Intangible assets not subject to amortization: Trademarks Perpetual licensing agreements and other Net book value of intangible assets 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 . The trademark was recorded in Trademarks and other identifiable intangibles, net line in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and has an indefinite life. The Company previously licensed the Champion trademark for footwear in these locations. The purchase of the trademark was part of an agreement with KEDS settling litigation between the two parties and is another step forward in the Company s Full Potential plan of growing the global Champion brand. 
 In connection with the annual impairment testing performed in the third quarter of , the Company performed a quantitative assessment, utilizing an income approach to estimate the fair value of each indefinite-lived intangible asset. The most significant assumptions include the weighted average cost of capital, revenue growth rate, terminal growth rate and operating profit margin, all of which are used to estimate the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets. The tests indicated the indefinite-lived intangible assets had fair values that exceeded their carrying values, and no impairment of trademarks or other identifiable intangible assets was identified as a result of the annual testing conducted in . 
 In the first quarter of 2021, the Company recorded an impairment charge of to fully impair an indefinite-lived trademark related to a specific brand within the European Innerwear business that was excluded from the disposal group as it was not marketed for sale. This impairment charge is reflected in the Selling, general and administrative expenses line in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended January 1, 2022. 
 The amortization expense in continuing operations for intangible assets subject to amortization was , and for , 2021 and 2020, respectively. The estimated amortization expense for the next five years, assuming no change in the estimated useful lives of identifiable intangible assets or changes in foreign exchange rates is as follows: in 2023, in 2024, in 2025, in 2026 and in 2027. 
 (b) Goodwill 
 Currency translation ) ) Net book value at January 1, 2022 Currency translation ) ) Net book value at December 31, 2022 
 In connection with the annual goodwill impairment testing performed during the third quarter of , the Company performed a quantitative assessment utilizing an income approach to estimate the fair value of each reporting unit. The most significant assumptions include the weighted average cost of capital, revenue growth rate, terminal growth rate and operating profit margin, all of which are used to estimate the fair value of the reporting units. The tests indicated the reporting units had fair values that exceeded their carrying values, and no impairment of goodwill was identified as a result of the annual testing conducted in . 
 In 2020, the Company determined that there was a triggering event associated with its U.S. Sheer Hosiery reporting unit due to a significant decline in performance below management s expectations and loss of a future wholesale sheer hosiery program. As a result, the Company recorded impairment charges for the full amount of goodwill related to the U.S. Sheer Hosiery reporting unit of , which are reflected in the Selling, general and administrative expenses line in the Consolidated Statements of Income in 2020. In the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company reached the decision to divest its U.S. Sheer Hosiery business, including the L eggs brand, as part of its strategy to streamline its portfolio under its Full Potential plan. See Note Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale for additional information. 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 (12) 
 November 2026 Term Loan A November 2026 4.875 Senior Notes May 2026 4.625 Senior Notes May 2024 3.5 Senior Notes June 2024 Accounts Receivable Securitization Facility June 2023 Less long-term debt issuance costs Less current maturities 
 As of December 31, 2022 the Company s primary financing arrangements were the senior secured credit facility (the Senior Secured Credit Facility ), 4.875 senior notes (the 4.875 Senior Notes ), 4.625 senior notes (the 4.625 Senior Notes ), 3.5 senior notes (the 3.5 Senior Notes and the accounts receivable securitization facility (the ARS Facility ). The outstanding balances at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 are reported in the Accounts Receivable Securitization Facility , Current portion of long-term debt and Long-term debt lines in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The Company intends to refinance certain of its indebtedness with upcoming maturities, including an aggregate of approximately of its 4.625 Senior Notes due in May 2024 and its 3.5 Senior Notes due in June 2024 in the first quarter of 2023. Any such refinancings will depend on market conditions and other relevant factors and there can be no assurance such refinancings will be pursued or completed. 
 Senior Secured Credit Facility 
 In March 2021, the Company repaid the outstanding balance of the Term Loan B which consisted of a required excess cash flow prepayment of and a voluntary prepayment of . 
 In November 2021, the Company amended and restated its Senior Secured Credit Facility to provide for potential committed aggregate borrowings of up to , consisting of a Revolving Loan Facility and a Term Loan Facility, to extend the maturity date of the Senior Secured Credit Facility from December 2022 to November 2026 and to refinance the Australian Revolving Loan Facility that was originally entered into in July 2016 under the Company s Syndicated Facility as a joinder to the Senior Secured Credit Facility. The Australian Revolving Loan Facility, which was previously amended in July 2021 to extend the maturity date to July 2022, was incorporated into the Revolving Loan Facility on the date the amendment to the Senior Secured Credit Facility became effective. 
 The Revolving Loan Facility, a portion of which is available to be borrowed in Euros or Australian dollars, is used for general corporate purposes and working capital needs. All borrowings under the Revolving Loan Facility may be repaid and reborrowed from time to time without penalty but must be repaid in full upon maturity. 
 The proceeds of the Term Loan Facility were used to refinance the Term Loan A, which resulted in an increase in term loan borrowings of in November 2021 when the amendment became effective, and to redeem, together with cash on hand, the 5.375 Senior Notes. Outstanding borrowings under the Term Loan A are repayable in equal quarterly installments of the following amounts per annum, calculated as a percentage of the original principal amount: in years one and two, in years three and four and in year five, with the remainder to be repaid at maturity. The Company is required to prepay any outstanding amounts in connection with (i) the incurrence of certain indebtedness and (ii) non-ordinary course asset sales or other dispositions (including as a result of casualty or condemnation) that exceed certain thresholds in any period of twelve-consecutive months, with customary reinvestment provisions. 
 In 2021, redemption of the 5.375 Senior Notes required payment of a make-whole premium of and the 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 for the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs. Additionally, in 2021, the Company incurred fees of related to the refinancing, of which was charged to expense and was capitalized as debt issuance costs that are being amortized to interest expense over the remaining term of the Senior Secured Credit Facility. The make-whole premium payment, debt issuance costs write-off and fees charged to expense resulted in a one-time charge of , which is reported in the Other expenses line in the Consolidated Statements of Income in 2021. The cash payments for the make-whole premium and fees capitalized as debt issuance costs are reported in Net cash from financing activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows in 2021. 
 Prior to the amendments of the Senior Secured Credit Facility in November 2022 and in February 2023 described below, borrowings under the Senior Secured Credit Facility bear interest at a variable rate based on, at the Company s option, either LIBOR or an alternative base rate (both as defined in the Senior Secured Credit Facility), or the appropriate LIBOR benchmark for non-U.S. dollar borrowings, plus, in each case, an applicable margin. The applicable margin is based on the Company s leverage ratio (as defined in the Senior Secured Credit Facility), ranging from a maximum of in the case of LIBOR-based loans and in the case of base rate loans if the Company s leverage ratio is greater than or equal to to 1.00, and steps down in varying increments to a minimum of in the case of LIBOR-based loans and in the case of base rate loans if the Company s leverage ratio is less than to 1.00. The Senior Secured Credit Facility provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest in the event that the LIBOR or LIBOR benchmark rates cease to be provided or are no longer representative of the underlying market and economic reality they are intended to measure and, in conjunction with the November 2022 amendment described below, the Company transitioned the Senior Secured Credit Facility from the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). The applicable margin for SOFR-based loans are the same as LIBOR-based loans prior to the amendment of the Senior Secured Credit Facility in November 2022. The amendments of the Senior Secured Credit Facility in November 2022 and in February 2023 added two new tiers to the top of the pricing grid for the leverage ratio which resulted in an increase in the maximum applicable margin to 2.25 in the case of SOFR-based loans and 1.25 in the case of base rate loans if the Company s leverage ratio is greater than or equal to 5.50 to 1.00 during the covenant relief period and will revert back to the original ranges subsequent to the covenant relief period. The applicable margin was plus a 10 basis points credit spread adjustment for SOFR-based loans and for base rate loans as of December 31, 2022. Interest is payable quarterly for base rate loans, but the Company has the option to pay interest on a more frequent, or less frequent, basis for LIBOR-based loans. 
 T he commitment fee for the unused portion of the Revolving Loan Facility is based on the Company s leverage ratio, prior to the amendments of the Senior Secured Credit Facility in November 2022 and in February 2023 described below, (as defined in the Senior Secured Credit Facility), ranging from a maximum of when the leverage ratio is greater than or equal to to 1.00, and will step down in varying increments to a minimum of when the leverage ratio is less than to 1.00. The amendments of the Senior Secured Credit Facility in November 2022 and in February 2023 as described below added two new tiers to the top of the pricing grid for the leverage ratio which resulted in an increase in the maximum commitment fee to 0.35 if the Company s leverage ratio is greater than or equal to 5.50 to 1.00 during the covenant relief period and will revert back to the original ranges subsequent to the covenant relief period. The commitment fee was as of December 31, 2022. 
 A portion of the Revolving Loan Facility is available for the issuances of letters of credit and the making of swingline loans, and any such issuance of letters of credit or making of a swingline loan will reduce the amount available under the Revolving Loan Facility. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had of borrowing availability under the Revolving Loan Facility after taking into account of USD revolver loans and of standby and trade letters of credit issued and outstanding under this facility. 
 At the Company s option, it may add one or more tranches of term loans or increase the commitments under the Revolving Loan Facility so long as certain conditions are satisfied, including, among others, that no default or event of default is in existence, the Company is in pro forma compliance with the financial covenants set forth in the Senior Secured Credit Facility and the Company s senior secured leverage ratio is not greater than to 1.00 on a pro forma basis after giving effect to the incurrence of such indebtedness. 
 The Senior Secured Credit Facility is guaranteed by substantially all of the Company s existing and future direct and indirect U.S. subsidiaries and certain foreign subsidiaries, with certain customary or agreed-upon exceptions for certain subsidiaries. The Senior Secured Credit Facility is secured by the equity interests of substantially all of the Company s direct 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 to 1.00 for the quarter ended December 31, 2022, to 1.00 for the quarter ending April 1, 2023, to 1.00 for the quarter ending July 1, 2023, to 1.00 for the quarter ending September 30, 2023, to 1.00 for the quarter ending December 30, 2023, and to 1.00 for the quarter ending March 30, 2024, and reverting back to to 1.00 for each quarter after the Covenant Relief Period has ended; (b) a reduction of the minimum interest coverage ratio from to 1.00 to to 1.00 for the quarter ended December 31, 2022 and the quarter ending April 1, 2023, to 1.00 for the quarters ending July 1, 2023, September 30, 2023 and December 30, 2023, and to 1.00 for the quarter ending March 30, 2024, with an increase to to 1.00 for each quarter after the Covenant Relief Period has ended; (c) suspension of restricted payments in connection with share repurchases; (d) suspension of restricted payments pursuant to the Company's leverage ratio-based and "Available Amount" restricted payments baskets, (e) a cap on annual dividend payments of , which will revert back to the greater of (x) and (y) 8.0 of Total Tangible Assets after the Covenant Relief Period has ended; (f) suspension of the Company s Available Amount basket for investments in foreign subsidiaries and other investments; (g) suspension of the 0.50 to 1.00 increase in the maximum permitted consolidated net total leverage ratio resulting from a material permitted acquisition; and (h) the addition of two new tiers to the top of the pricing grid if the maximum consolidated net total leverage ratio exceeds 5.00 to 1.00 and 5.50 to 1.00. In conjunction with the Second Amendment, we transitioned the Senior Secured Credit Facility from the London Interbank Offered Rate to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate with a 10 basis points credit spread adjustment already included in the Senior Secured Credit Facility. In addition, the Third Amendment limits the Company's ability to incur incremental secured indebtedness during the Covenant Relief Period to , subject to compliance with the financial covenants. 
 The Senior Secured Credit Facility contains customary events of default, including nonpayment of principal when due; nonpayment of interest, fees or other amounts after stated grace period; material inaccuracy of representations and warranties; violations of covenants; certain bankruptcies and liquidations; any cross-default to material indebtedness; certain material judgments; certain events related to the ERISA, actual or asserted invalidity of any guarantee, security document or subordination provision or non-perfection of security interest, and a change in control (as defined in the Senior Secured Credit Facility). 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants related to the Senior Secured Credit Facility. The Company expects to maintain compliance with its financial covenants, as amended in February 2023, for at least one year from the issuance of these financial statements based on its current expectations and forecasts. If economic conditions worsen and the Company s earnings and operating cash flows do not start to recover as currently estimated by management, this could impact the Company s ability to maintain compliance with its amended financial covenants and require the Company to seek additional amendments to its Senior Secured Credit Facility. If the Company is not able to obtain such necessary additional amendments, this would lead to an event of default and, if not cured timely, its lenders could require the Company to repay its outstanding debt. In that situation, the Company may not be able to raise sufficient debt or equity capital, or divest assets, to refinance or repay the lenders. 
 5.375 Senior Notes 
 In May 2020, the Company issued aggregate principal amount of 5.375 Senior Notes, with interest payable on May 15 and November 15 of each year. The 5.375 Senior Notes, which were scheduled to mature in May 2025, were redeemed in full in November 2021 in connection with the refinancing of the Senior Secured Credit Facility. 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 aggregate principal amount of 4.875 Senior Notes and aggregate principal amount of 4.625 Senior Notes (collectively, the USD Senior Notes ), with interest payable on May 15 and November 15 of each year. The 4.875 Senior Notes will mature in May 2026 and the 4.625 Senior Notes will mature in May 2024. The issuance of the USD Senior Notes resulted in net proceeds of approximately , which were used to redeem in full the Company s 6.375 Senior Notes and reduce the outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Loan Facility. 
 On or after February 15, 2026, in the case of the 4.875 Senior Notes, and February 15, 2024, in the case of the 4.625 Senior Notes, the Company may redeem all or a portion of such notes at a price equal to of the principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid interest. 
 The USD Senior Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, subject to certain exceptions, by substantially all of the Company s current domestic subsidiaries. The indenture governing the USD Senior Notes limits the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to incur liens, enter into certain sale and leaseback transactions and consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of their assets. The indenture also contains customary events of default which include (subject in certain cases to customary grace and cure periods), among others, nonpayment of principal or interest; breach of other agreements in such indenture; failure to pay certain other indebtedness; failure to pay certain final judgments; failure of certain guarantees to be enforceable; and certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency. 
 The USD Senior Notes were issued in a transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act and do not require disclosure of separate financial information for the guarantor subsidiaries. 
 3.5 Senior Notes 
 In June 2016, the Company issued aggregate principal amount of 3.5 Senior Notes, with interest payable on June 15 and December 15 of each year. The 3.5 Senior Notes will mature in June 2024. The issuance of the 3.5 Senior Notes resulted in net proceeds of approximately , which were used to fund a portion of the acquisition of Champion Europe and Hanes Australasia. 
 On or after March 15, 2024, the Company may redeem all or a portion of the 3.5 Senior Notes at a price equal to of the principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid interest. The Company may also redeem all, but not less than all, of the 3.5 Senior Notes upon the occurrence of certain changes in applicable tax law. 
 The 3.5 Senior Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, subject to certain exceptions, by the Company and certain of its subsidiaries under the Company s Senior Secured Credit Facility. The indenture governing the 3.5 Senior Notes limits the ability of the Company and other guarantors to incur certain liens, enter into certain sale and leaseback transactions and consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of their assets. The indenture also contains customary events of default which include (subject in certain cases to customary grace and cure periods), among others, nonpayment of principal or interest; breach of other agreements in the indenture; failure to pay certain other indebtedness; certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization; failure to pay certain final judgments; and failure of certain guarantees to be enforceable. 
 The 3.5 Senior Notes were issued in a transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act and do not require disclosure of separate financial information for the guarantor subsidiaries. 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 (previously resulting from the Company s amendment of the facility in June 2022, which also extended the maturity date to June 2023. Additionally, the amendment changed the Company s interest rate option as defined in the ARS Facility from the rate announced from time to time by PNC Bank, N.A. as its prime rate or the LIBOR to the rate announced from time to time by PNC Bank, N.A. as its prime rate or the SOFR and increased certain receivables to the pledged collateral pool for the facility. The Company s maximum borrowing capacity under the ARS Facility was as of December 31, 2022. The Company had of borrowing availability under the ARS Facility at December 31, 2022. 
 Under the terms of the ARS Facility, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries sell or otherwise assign, on an ongoing basis, certain domestic trade receivables to HBI Receivables LLC Receivables LLC ), a wholly owned bankruptcy-remote subsidiary that in turn pledges the trade receivables to secure the borrowings, which are funded through conduits and financial institutions that are not affiliated with the Company. Funding under the ARS Facility is received either from conduits party to the ARS Facility through the issuance of commercial paper in the short-term market or through committed bank purchasers. The assets and liabilities of Receivables LLC are fully reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and the securitization is treated as a secured borrowing by Receivables LLC from the third-party conduits and financial institutions party thereto for accounting purposes, but the assets of Receivables LLC will be used solely to satisfy the creditors of Receivables LLC, not the Company s other creditors. The borrowings under the ARS Facility remain outstanding throughout the term of the agreement subject to Receivables LLC maintaining sufficient eligible receivables, by continuing to acquire trade receivables from the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, unless an event of default occurs. 
 Availability of funding under the ARS Facility depends primarily upon the eligible outstanding receivables balance. The outstanding balance under the ARS Facility is reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets in the line Accounts Receivable Securitization Facility. In the case of any creditors party to the ARS Facility that are conduits, the yield on the commercial paper, which is the conduits cost to issue the commercial paper plus certain dealer fees, is considered a financing cost and is included in the Interest expense, net line in the Consolidated Statements of Income. In the case of any creditors party to the ARS Facility that are committed bank purchasers, the interest rate would be payable at the Company s option at the rate announced from time to time by PNC Bank, N.A. as its prime rate or at the SOFR (as defined in the ARS Facility) plus the applicable margin in effect from time to time. If the SOFR (as defined in the ARS Facility) is unavailable or otherwise does not accurately reflect the costs to these creditors related to the borrowings, the interest rate would generally default to the prime rate. These amounts are also considered financing costs and are included in the Interest expense, net line in the Consolidated Statements of Income. In addition, Receivables LLC is required to make certain indemnity and other payments to a conduit purchaser, a committed purchaser, or certain entities that provide funding to or are affiliated with them, including in the event that assets and liabilities of a conduit purchaser subject to the ARS Facility are consolidated for financial and/or regulatory accounting purposes with certain other entities. 
 The ARS Facility contains customary events of default and requires the Company to maintain the same interest coverage ratio and leverage ratio contained from time to time in the Senior Secured Credit Facility, provided that any changes to such covenants will only be applicable for purposes of the ARS Facility if approved by the managing agents or their affiliates. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants. 
 Other 
 The Company had of borrowing availability under other international credit facilities after taking into account outstanding borrowings and letters of credit outstanding under the applicable facilities at December 31, 2022. 
 Future Principal Payments 
 Future principal payments for all of the facilities described above are as follows: due in 2023, due in 2024, due in 2025, and due in 2026. 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 , 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 
 Debt Issuance Costs 
 During , 2021 and 2020, the Company paid , and , respectively, in capitalized debt issuance costs related to the Company s financing arrangements within continuing operations. Debt issuance costs are amortized to interest expense over the respective lives of the debt instruments, which range from one to years. As of December 31, 2022, the net carrying value of unamortized debt issuance costs for the revolving loan facilities, which is included in Other noncurrent assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, was and the net carrying value of unamortized debt issuance costs for the remainder of the Company s debt, which is included in Long-term debt in the Consolidated Balance Sheets was . The Company s debt issuance cost amortization in continuing operations was , and in , 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 (13) 
 Interest cost Expected return on assets ) ) ) Settlement cost ) Amortization of: Prior service cost ) ) ) Net actuarial loss Net periodic benefit cost Other Changes in Plan Assets and Benefit Obligations Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Net (gain) loss ) ) Prior service credit Total (gain) loss recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Service cost Interest cost Benefits paid ) ) Settlements ) ) Impact of exchange rate change ) ) Actuarial gain ) ) Other ) ) End of year Fair value of plan assets: Beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) Settlements ) ) Impact of exchange rate change ) ) Other ) ) End of year Funded status ) ) 
 The actuarial gain in 2022 and 2021 included in benefit obligations was primarily driven by increases in the U.S. discount rate assumptions. 
 Plans with benefit obligation in excess of plan assets: Benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 Accrued liabilities and other: Payroll and employee benefits ) ) Pension and postretirement benefits ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) )) ) Actuarial loss Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

Long-term rate of return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase (1) 
 Interest crediting rate Plan obligations: Discount rate Rate of compensation increase (1) 
 Interest crediting rate 
 
 (1) For December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021, the compensation assumption only applies to certain international plans as the benefits of the U.S. pension plans are now all frozen. 
 (b) Plan Assets, Expected Benefit Payments, and Funding 
 Foreign equity securities U.S. equity securities Debt securities Real estate Commodities Cash and other 
 The Company s asset strategy and primary investment objective are to maximize the principal value of the plan assets to meet current and future benefit obligations to plan participants and their beneficiaries. To accomplish this goal, the assets of the plan are broadly diversified to protect against large investment losses and to reduce the likelihood of excessive volatility of returns. Diversification of assets is achieved through strategic allocations to various asset classes, as well as various investment styles within these asset classes, and by retaining multiple, third-party investment management firms with complementary investment styles and philosophies to implement these allocations. The Company has established a target asset allocation based upon analysis of risk/return trade-offs and correlations of asset mixes given long-term historical data, prospective capital market returns and forecasted liabilities of the plans. The target asset allocation approximates the actual asset allocation as of December 31, 2022. In addition to volatility protection, diversification enables the assets of the plan the best opportunity to provide adequate returns in order to meet the Company s investment return objectives. These objectives include, over a rolling five -year period, to achieve a total return that exceeds the required actuarial rate of return for the plan and to outperform a passive portfolio, consisting of a similar asset allocation. 
 The Company utilizes market data or assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the pension plan assets. The Level 1 assets consisted primarily of certain U.S. equity securities, certain foreign equity securities, certain debt securities 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 in 2023, in 2024, in 2025, in 2026, in 2027 and in 2028 through 2032. 
 The Company has required cash contribution to its U.S. Pension Plans in 2023 based on a preliminary calculation by its actuary. The Company made cash contributions to its U.S. Pension Plans in 2022. Prior to the plan spin-off described above, on January 4, 2021, the Company made a contribution of to the U.S. Pension Plans. 
 (c) Nonretirement Postemployment Benefit Plans 
 Certain of the international plans, specifically those acquired in connection with the purchase of Champion Europe, are in substance nonretirement postemployment benefit plans, which are future liabilities funded through future operational results of the Company. However, for purposes of consolidation, the Company is including these plans within the defined benefit reporting. At December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the total amounts accrued for these plans were and , respectively and the total expense was , and for , 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 (14) 
 , , and ) for the years , 2021 and 2020, respectively.) ) Foreign ) Tax expense at U.S. statutory rate State income tax ) ) Tax on actual and planned remittances of foreign earnings ) Tax on foreign earnings due to U.S. tax reform including measurement period adjustments (1) 
 ) Tax on foreign earnings (U.S. tax reform - GILTI and FDII) ) Foreign taxes less than U.S. statutory rate ) ) Statutory stock deduction and other foreign adjustments (2) 
 ) Employee benefits ) Changes in valuation allowance ) Release of unrecognized tax benefit reserves ) ) State tax rate change Tax provision adjustments and revisions to prior years' returns ) ) Nondeductible expenses and tax exempt income, net ) ) Nondeductible impairment charges ) Domestic income tax credits ) ) Other, net ) ) Taxes at effective worldwide tax rates 
 
 (1) In 2020, the Company continued to analyze the impacts of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act and recently issued regulations that have been published to help taxpayers interpret and apply the legislation. As a result of its analysis, the Company changed its estimate of the tax liability due in connection with the one-time mandatory transition tax and recognized a income tax benefit in 2021 and a income tax benefit in 2020. 
 of tax expense due to recapture of previous net operating losses created by statutory impairment. This amount is offset in the change in valuation allowance section of the rate reconciliation. During the year ending December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a deferred tax liability related to tax impairments of subsidiary stock in Switzerland which created a net operating loss carryforward. Pursuant to Swiss tax law, the loss created is subject to recapture for which a deferred tax liability was recorded in excess of the deferred tax asset. 
 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Foreign State ) Year ended January 1, 2022 Domestic ) ) Foreign State ) Year ended January 2, 2021 Domestic ) ) ) Foreign State ) ) ) ) 

F-40 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Bad debt allowance Accrued expenses Employee benefits Tax credits Net operating loss and other tax carryforwards Leasing Property and equipment Section 163(j) Capitalized research costs Other Gross deferred tax assets Less valuation allowances ) ) Deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Derivatives Section 481(a) liability Leasing Accrued tax on unremitted foreign earnings Intangibles Other Statutory impairment Prepaids Deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) ) 
 In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based upon the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods which the deferred tax assets are deductible, the Company believes it is more likely than not it will realize the benefits of these deductible differences, net of the existing valuation allowances. 
 F-41 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Charged to income tax expense Charged to other accounts (1) 
 January 2, 2021 Charged to income tax expense Charged to other accounts (1) 
 January 1, 2022 Charged to income tax expense Charged to other accounts (1) 
 ) December 31, 2022 
 
 (1) Charges to other accounts include the effects of foreign currency translation, purchase accounting adjustments and changes to valuation allowances as a result of intraperiod tax allocations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets was , made up of for foreign loss carryforwards, for other foreign deferred tax assets, for federal and state operating loss carryforwards, and for other federal and state deferred tax assets. The net change in the total valuation allowance for was , which relates to an increase of for foreign loss carryforwards, an increase of for other foreign deferred tax assets, an increase of for federal and state operating loss carryforwards and an increase of for other federal and state deferred tax assets. 
 The domestic net increase reflects a full valuation allowance recorded against federal and state deferred tax assets in 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company concluded that, based on its evaluation of all available positive and negative evidence, its U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets were no longer more likely than not realizable. In making this determination, the Company evaluated positive evidence, including its projections of future taxable income which demonstrate a long-term return to profitability in the U.S., and negative evidence, including recent tax losses incurred and expected near term tax losses in connection with its domestic operations and the lack of sufficient taxable temporary differences expected to reverse in future periods, and determined that the negative evidence outweighed the positive. 
 (on a tax return basis) which are subject to expiration as follows: 
 Fiscal Year: 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had domestic tax credit carryforwards totaling , which expire beginning after 2022. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had gross federal and state interest carryforwards of approximately and (on a tax return basis), respectively, which carry forward indefinitely. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had gross federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately and (on a tax return basis), respectively, which expire beginning after 2022. 
 During 2022, the Company recorded of additional foreign net operating losses due to tax-deductible impairments in Switzerland and Luxembourg. These losses are subject to recapture in Switzerland and Luxembourg such that they will be taxable in a future year, therefore deferred tax liabilities were recorded. The Company believes it is reasonably possible that the deferred tax liability in Switzerland will reverse within the next twelve months due to expected actions by the Company in 2023. 
 F-42 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 , are not permanently reinvested. The remainder of the Company s foreign earnings will continue to be permanently reinvested to fund working capital requirements and operations abroad. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has accrued of income taxes with respect to the of foreign earnings the Company intends to remit in the future. These income tax effects include U.S. federal, state, foreign and withholding tax implications in accordance with the planned remittance of such foreign earnings. An estimate of income tax costs that may be incurred if the permanently reinvested portion of unremitted foreign earnings were in fact remitted is impractical to calculate. 
 In , 2021, and 2020, the Company recognized reductions of unrecognized tax benefits for tax positions of prior years of , , and , respectively. In , 2021, and 2020, income tax benefits recognized in connection with the expiration of statutes of limitations were , , and , respectively. The Company believes it is reasonably possible that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits may decrease by within the next months due to expirations in statutes of limitations. 
 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions based on tax positions of prior years Settlements Lapse of statute of limitations ) Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) Balance at January 2, 2021 (gross balance of 46,645) Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions based on tax positions of prior years Settlements Lapse of statute of limitations ) Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) Balance at January 1, 2022 (gross balance of 40,706) Adjustments related to prior year ending balance Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions based on tax positions of prior years Settlements Lapse of statute of limitations ) Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) Balance at December 31, 2022 (gross balance of 37,818) 
 At December 31, 2022, the balance of the Company s unrecognized tax benefits, which would, if recognized, affect the Company s annual effective tax rate was . The Company s policy is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. The Company recognized , and ) in , 2021 and 2020, respectively, for interest and penalties classified as income tax expense (benefit) in the Consolidated Statements of Income. At December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the Company had a total of and , respectively, of interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits. 
 
 F-43 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 (15) 
 in 2023, in 2024 and in 2025. 
 License Agreements 
 The Company is party to several royalty-bearing license agreements for the use of third-party trademarks in certain of its products. The license agreements typically require a minimum guarantee to be paid either at the commencement of the agreement, by a designated date during the term of the agreement or by the end of the agreement period. When payments are made in advance of when they are due, the Company records a prepayment and amortizes the expense in the Cost of sales line in the Consolidated Statements of Income uniformly over the guaranteed period. For guarantees required to be paid at the completion of the agreement, royalties are expensed through the Cost of sales line in the Consolidated Statements of Income as the related sales are made. The Company has reviewed all license agreements and has concluded that there are no liabilities recorded at inception of the agreements. 
 During , 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred royalty expense of approximately , and , respectively. 
 Minimum amounts due under the license agreements are approximately in 2023, in 2024, in 2025, in 2026, in 2027 and thereafter. 
 
 (16) 
 shares of common stock, par value per share, and up to shares of preferred stock, par value per share, and the Company s Board of Directors may, without stockholder approval, increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that the Company is authorized to issue. At December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, and shares, respectively, of common stock were issued and outstanding and shares of preferred stock were issued or outstanding. 
 On February 2, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase program for up to of shares to be repurchased in open market transactions or privately negotiated transactions, subject to market conditions, legal requirements and other factors. Additionally, management has been granted authority to establish a trading plan under Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act in connection with share repurchases, which will allow the Company to repurchase shares in the open market during periods in which the stock trading window is otherwise closed for the Company and certain of the Company s officers and employees pursuant to the Company s insider trading policy. The new program replaced the Company s previous share repurchase program for up to shares that was originally approved on February 6, 2020. Unless terminated earlier by the Company s Board of Directors, the new program will expire on December 28, 2024. Under the February 6, 2020 share repurchase program, the Company entered into transactions to repurchase shares at a weighted average repurchase price of per share for the year ended January 2, 2021. These shares were repurchased at a total cost of . The Company did not purchase any shares of the Company s common stock under the February 6, 2020 share repurchase program during 2021. Under the new program, the Company entered into transactions to repurchase shares at a weighted average repurchase price of per share for the year ended December 31, 2022. The shares were repurchased at 
 F-44 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 including broker s commissions of . The Company did not repurchase any shares under the previous share repurchase program during 2022 through the expiration of the program on February 2, 2022. At December 31, 2022, the remaining repurchase authorization under the current share repurchase program totaled . 
 Dividends 
 In 2020 and 2021, the Company s Board of Directors declared regular quarterly cash dividends of per share of the Company s outstanding common stock, which were paid in 2020 and 2021, respectively. 
 During , the Company s Board of Directors declared regular quarterly cash dividends of per share of the Company s outstanding common stock, which were paid on March 8, 2022, May 31, 2022, September 14, 2022 and December 13, 2022. 
 The Company s Board of Directors eliminated the Company s quarterly cash dividend as the Company recently shifted its capital allocation strategy to focus the use of all its free cash flow (cash from operations less capital expenditures) on reducing debt and bringing its leverage back to a range that is no greater than two to three times on a net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA basis. 
 
 (17)) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) Current-period other comprehensive income (loss) activity ) ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance at January 1, 2022 ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) Current-period other comprehensive income (loss) activity ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 
 (1) Cumulative Translation Adjustment includes translation adjustments and net investment hedges. See Note Financial Instruments and Risk Management for additional disclosures about net investment hedges. 
 The Company uses a portfolio approach to release the income tax effects in accumulated other comprehensive loss related to pension and postretirement benefits. Under this approach, the income tax effects are released from accumulated other comprehensive loss based on the pre-tax adjustments to pension liabilities or assets recognized within other comprehensive income. Any tax effects remaining in accumulated other comprehensive loss are released only when the entire portfolio of the pension and postretirement benefits is liquidated, sold or extinguished. 
 F-45 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Gain (loss) on forward foreign exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges Cost of sales ) Income tax ) ) Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) Net of tax ) Gain (loss) on cross-currency swap contracts designated as cash flow hedges Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) Income tax Net of tax ) ) Amortization of deferred actuarial loss and prior service cost Other expenses ) ) ) Income tax Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax ) Pension activity associated with sale of business Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax ) Net of tax ) ) ) Total reclassifications ) ) ) 

(18) 
 Cross-currency swap contracts Cash Flow Cross-currency swap contracts Net Investment 
 F-46 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Cross-currency swap contracts Other current assets Forward foreign exchange contracts Other noncurrent assets Cross-currency swap contracts Other noncurrent assets Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Forward foreign exchange contracts Other current assets Total derivative assets Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: Forward foreign exchange contracts Accrued liabilities and other: Other ) ) Cross-currency swap contracts Accrued liabilities and other: Other ) ) Forward foreign exchange contracts Other noncurrent liabilities ) ) Cross-currency swap contracts Other noncurrent liabilities ) ) Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Forward foreign exchange contracts Accrued liabilities and other: Other ) ) Total derivative liabilities ) ) Net derivative liability ) ) 
 Cash Flow Hedges 
 The Company uses forward foreign exchange contracts and cross-currency swap contracts to reduce the effect of fluctuating foreign currencies on foreign currency-denominated transactions, foreign currency-denominated investments and other known foreign currency exposures. Gains and losses on these contracts are intended to offset losses and gains on the hedged transaction in an effort to reduce the earnings volatility resulting from fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates. 
 On April 1, 2021, in connection with a reduction in the amount of the 3.5 Senior Notes designated in the European net investment hedge discussed below, the Company entered into pay-fixed rate, receive-fixed rate cross-currency swap contracts with a total notional amount of . The Company designated these cross-currency swap contracts to hedge the undesignated portion of the foreign currency cash flow exposure related to the Company s Senior Notes, which had a carrying amount of as of December 31, 2022. These cross-currency swap contracts, which mature on June 15, 2024, swap Euro-denominated interest payments for U.S. dollar-denominated interest payments, thereby economically converting of the Company s fixed-rate Senior Notes to a fixed-rate USD-denominated obligation. 
 The Company expects to reclassify into earnings during the next 12 months a net loss from AOCI of approximately . The Company is hedging exposure to the variability in future foreign currency-denominated cash flows for forecasted transactions over the next months and for long-term debt over the next months. 
 F-47 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 ) Cross-currency swap contracts ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 Location of Gain (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI into Income Amount of Gain (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI into Income Years Ended December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 January 2, 2021 Forward foreign exchange contracts (1) 
 Cost of sales ) Forward foreign exchange contracts (1) 
 Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) Cross-currency swap contracts (1) 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) Cross-currency swap contracts (1) 
 Interest expense, net ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 (1) The Company does not exclude amounts from effectiveness testing for cash flow hedges that would require recognition into earnings based on changes in fair value. 
 The following table presents the amounts in the Consolidated Statements of Income in which the effects of cash flow hedges are recorded: 
 
 Years Ended 
 December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 January 2, 2021 Cost of sales Selling, general and administrative expenses Interest expense, net Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) 
 Net Investment Hedges 
 In July 2019, the Company entered into pay-fixed rate, receive-fixed rate cross-currency swap contracts with a total notional amount of that were designated as hedges of a portion of the beginning balance of the Company s net investment in certain European subsidiaries. These cross-currency swap contracts, which mature on May 15, 2024, swap U.S. dollar-denominated interest payments for Euro-denominated interest payments, thereby economically converting a portion of the Company s fixed-rate Senior Notes to a fixed-rate Euro-denominated obligation. 
 In July 2019, the Company also designated the full amount of its 3.5 Senior Notes with a carrying value of , which is a nonderivative financial instrument, as a hedge of a portion of the beginning balance of the Company s European net investment. As of April 1, 2021, the Company reduced the amount of its 3.5 Senior Notes designated in the European net investment hedge from to . As of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the U.S. dollar equivalent carrying value of Euro-denominated long-term debt designated as a partial European net investment hedge was and , respectively. 
 F-48 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 ) Cross-currency swap contracts ) Total ) 
 
 The effect of derivative and non-derivative instruments designated as net investment hedges on the Consolidated Statements of Income are as follows: 
 Location of Gain (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI into Income Amount of Gain (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI into Income Years Ended December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 January 2, 2021 Euro-denominated long-term debt Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax ) Cross-currency swap contracts Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax ) Cross-currency swap contracts (amounts excluded from effectiveness testing) Interest expense, net Total ) 
 The following table presents the amounts in the Consolidated Statements of Income in which the amounts excluded from effectiveness testing for net investment hedges are recorded: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 January 2, 2021 Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) Interest expense, net 
 Mark to Market Hedges 
 Derivatives used in mark to market hedges are not designated as hedges under the accounting standards. The Company uses forward foreign exchange derivative contracts as hedges against the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations on existing accounts receivable and payable balances and intercompany lending transactions denominated in foreign currencies. Forward foreign exchange derivative contracts are recorded as mark to market hedges when the hedged item is a recorded asset or liability that is revalued in each accounting period. Any gains or losses resulting from changes in fair value are recognized directly into earnings. Gains or losses on these contracts largely offset the net remeasurement gains or losses on the related assets and liabilities. 
 F-49 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) ) Forward foreign exchange contracts Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) Forward foreign exchange contracts Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax ) Total ) ) 
 
 (19) 
 F-50 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 to the Company s valuation techniques used to measure asset and liability fair values on a recurring basis. As of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any non-financial assets or liabilities that were required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis or non-recurring basis. 
 
 Foreign equity securities Debt securities Cash and other Total plan assets in the fair value hierarchy Plan assets measured at net asset value: (1) 
 Hedge fund of funds Foreign equity securities Debt securities Real estate Commodities Total plan assets measured at net asset value Total plan assets Derivative contracts: Forward foreign exchange contracts - assets Cross-currency swap contracts - assets Forward foreign exchange contracts - liabilities ) ) Cross-currency swap contracts - liabilities ) ) Total derivative contracts ) ) Deferred compensation plan liability ) ) Total ) 
 
 (1) Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in the tables above are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 F-51 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Foreign equity securities Debt securities Cash and other Total plan assets in the fair value hierarchy Plan assets measured at net asset value: (1) 
 Hedge fund of funds Foreign equity securities Debt securities Real estate Commodities Total plan assets measured at net asset value Total plan assets Derivative contracts: Forward foreign exchange contracts - assets Cross-currency swap contracts - assets Forward foreign exchange contracts - liabilities ) ) Cross-currency swap contracts - liabilities ) ) Total derivative contracts ) ) Deferred compensation plan liability ) ) Total ) 
 
 (1) Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in the tables above are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, trade accounts receivable and accounts payable approximated fair value as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022. The fair value of debt, which is classified as a Level 2 liability, was and as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively. Debt had a carrying value of and as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively. The fair values were estimated using quoted market prices as provided in secondary markets, which consider the Company s credit risk and market related conditions. 
 
 (20) 
 operating segments, each of which is a reportable segment for financial reporting purposes: Innerwear, Activewear and International. These segments are organized principally by product category and geographic location. Each segment has its own management team that is responsible for the operations of the segment s businesses, but the segments share a common supply chain and media and marketing platforms. Other consists of the Company s U.S.-based outlet stores, U.S. Sheer Hosiery business and certain sales from its supply chain to the European Innerwear business. In the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company reached the decision to divest its U.S. Sheer Hosiery business, including the L eggs brand, as part of its strategy to streamline its portfolio under its Full Potential plan. See Note Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale for additional information. 
 The Company considers its chief executive officer to be the Company s chief operating decision maker. The Company s chief operating decision maker manages business operations, evaluates performance and allocates resources based on the 
 F-52 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Activewear International Other Total net sales 
 
 Activewear International Other ) Total segment operating profit Items not included in segment operating profit: General corporate expenses ) ) ) Restructuring and other action-related charges ) ) ) Amortization of intangibles ) ) ) Total operating profit Other expenses ) ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax expense ) 
 F-53 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 Selling, general and administrative expenses Total included in operating profit Other expenses Total included in income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax expense Income tax (expense) benefit ) Total restructuring and other action-related charges 
 The components of restructuring and other action-related charges were as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 January 2, 2021 Full Potential plan: Professional services Supply chain segmentation Technology Operating model Impairment of intangible assets (Gain) loss on sale of business and classification of assets held for sale ) Other Inventory SKU rationalization PPE inventory write-off PPE vendor commitments Supply chain actions Program exit costs Other restructuring costs COVID-19 related charges: Supply chain re-startup Bad debt Inventory Goodwill Write-off of acquisition tax asset Total included in operating profit Early extinguishment and refinancing of debt included in other expenses Total included in income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax expense Discrete tax (expense) benefit ) Tax effect on actions Total included in income tax (expense) benefit ) Total restructuring and other action-related charges 
 Restructuring and other action-related charges within operating profit included and of charges related to the implementation of the Company s Full Potential plan in the year ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively. Full Potential plan charges in the year ended December 31, 2022 included charges related to supply chain 
 F-54 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 to position the Company s manufacturing network to align with revenue growth opportunities of its Full Potential plan demand trends which is reflected in the Cost of sales line of the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company determined that its U.S. Sheer Hosiery business met held-for-sale accounting criteria and recorded a non-cash charge related to the Full Potential plan of to record a valuation allowance against the net assets held for sale to write down the carrying value of the disposal group to the estimated fair value less costs of disposal. In the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a non-cash gain of , to adjust the valuation allowance related to the U.S. Sheer Hosiery business resulting from a decrease in carrying value due to changes in working capital. These valuation allowance adjustments are reflected in the Selling, general and administrative expenses line in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Additionally, Full Potential plan charges in the year ended January 1, 2022 included impairment charges of , which are reflected in the Selling, general and administrative expenses line of the Consolidated Statements of Income, related to the full impairment of an indefinite-lived trademark related to a specific brand within the European Innerwear business that was excluded from the disposal group as it was not marketed for sale. 
 In the third quarter of 2021, the Company recorded a Full Potential plan charge of for an action to resize its U.S. corporate office workforce through a voluntary retirement program which was reflected in the Selling, general and administrative expenses line of the Consolidated Statements of Income and in the Operating model line of the restructuring and other action-related charges table above. At January 1, 2022, the accrual for employee termination and other benefits related to the Company s 2021 voluntary retirement program was . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company approved actions to position the Company s manufacturing network to align with revenue growth opportunities of its Full Potential plan demand trends and to reduce corporate headcount which resulted in charges of for employee termination and other benefits for employees affected by the actions. Of these charges, is reflected in the Cost of sales line in the Consolidated Statements of Income and in the Supply chain segmentation line in the restructuring and other action-related charges table above and related to corporate headcount reductions is reflected in the Selling, general and administrative expenses line of the Consolidated Statements of Income and in the Operating model line in the restructuring and other action-related table. During the year ended December 31, 2022, benefit payments and other adjustments of , have been made, resulting in an ending accrual for the actions noted above of which is included in the Accrued liabilities line of the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022. 
 In the fourth quarter of , the Company recorded a non-cash discrete tax charge of to reflect a full valuation allowance against the Company s U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets. As of December 31, 2022, the Company concluded that, based on its evaluation of all available positive and negative evidence, its U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets were no longer more likely than not realizable. In making this determination, the Company evaluated positive evidence, including its projections of future taxable income which demonstrate a long-term return to profitability in the U.S., and negative evidence, including recent tax losses incurred and expected near term tax losses in connection with its domestic operations and the lack of sufficient taxable temporary differences expected to reverse in future periods, and determined that the negative evidence outweighed the positive. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company also recorded a charge of in restructuring and other action-related charges related to the refinancing of its Senior Secured Credit Facility and the redemption of the 5.375 Senior Notes. The charge, which is reported in the Other expenses line in the Consolidated Statements of Income, included a payment of for a make-whole premium in connection with the redemption of the 5.375 Senior Notes, a non-cash charge of for the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs related to the redemption of the 5.375 Senior Notes and the refinancing of the Senior Secured Credit Facility and in fees related to the refinancing. See Note Debt . 
 In the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company began the implementation of its Full Potential plan which included a number of actions to simplify its business including streamlining its portfolio and SKU rationalization. Specifically, the Company no longer viewed PPE as a future growth opportunity for the Company. Therefore, the Company recorded a charge of to write down its entire PPE inventory balance to its estimated net realizable value and a charge of to accrue for vendor commitments for PPE materials that were paid in 2021. Additionally, the Company commenced an initiative to reduce 20 of its SKUs in inventory in order to streamline product offerings while also implementing a formal lifecycle management process. As a result, the Company recorded a charge of to write down inventory to its estimated net realizable value taking 
 F-55 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 of supply chain re-start up charges primarily related to incremental costs incurred, such as freight and sourcing premiums, to expedite product to meet customer demand following the extended shut-down of parts of the Company s manufacturing network as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and of asset write-down charges recorded as a result of the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. Restructuring and other action-related charges in 2020 also included charges for supply chain actions to reduce overhead costs principally within the Western Hemisphere network and charges associated with exiting the C9 Champion mass program and the DKNY intimate apparel license in 2019. 
 
 Assets held for sale All other assets Total assets 
 
 January 1, 2022 Innerwear Activewear International Other Unallocated Total Assets Assets: Inventories Assets held for sale All other assets Total assets 
 
 Activewear International Other Corporate Total depreciation and amortization expense 
 
 Sales to Walmart were substantially in the Innerwear and Activewear segments. Sales to Walmart represented , and of total net sales in , 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 and , respectively, in . Worldwide sales by product category for Innerwear and Activewear were and , respectively, in 2021. Worldwide sales by product category for Innerwear and Activewear were and , respectively, in 2020. 
 F-56 

Table of Contents 
 HANESBRANDS INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

 (21) 
 Asia Pacific Europe Other 
 The net sales by geographic region are attributed by customer location. The property by geographic region includes assets held and used, which are recognized within the Property, net line in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 (22) 
 
 Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating profit Other expenses Interest expense, net Income from continuing operations before income tax expense Income tax expense Income (loss) from continuing operations ) Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax ) Net income (loss) ) Earnings (loss) per share - basic: Continuing operations ) Discontinued operations ) Net income (loss) ) Earnings (loss) per share - diluted: Continuing operations ) Discontinued operations ) Net income (loss) ) 
 F-57 

<EX-10.30>
 2
 hbi-20221231exx1030.htm
 EX-10.30

Document 
 Exhibit 10.30 

 SEVERANCE CHANGE IN CONTROL AGREEMENT 
 THIS SEVERANCE CHANGE IN CONTROL AGREEMENT (the Agreement ), is made and entered into this ___ day of __________, by and between Hanesbrands Inc. , a Maryland corporation (the Company ), and _________ Executive ). 
 WHEREAS, Executive is an employee of Company , Company desires to foster the continuous employment of Executive and has determined that appropriate steps should be taken to reinforce and encourage the continued attention and dedication of Executive to his duties free from distractions which could arise in anticipation of an involuntary termination of employment or a Change in Control of Company 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein set forth, Company and Executive agree as follows 
 1. Term and Nature of Agreement. This Agreement shall commence on the date it is fully executed Execution Date by all parties and shall continue in effect unless the Company gives at least eighteen (18) months prior written notice that this Agreement will not be renewed. In the event of such notice, this Agreement will expire on the next anniversary of the Execution Date that is at least eighteen (18) months after the date of such notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Change in Control occurs during any term of this Agreement , the term of this Agreement shall be extended automatically for a period of twenty-four (24) months after the end of the month in which the Change in Control occurs. Except to the extent otherwise provided, the parties intend for this Agreement to be construed and enforced as an unfunded welfare benefit plan under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ), including without limitation the jurisdictional provisions of ERISA. 
 2. Involuntary Termination Benefits . Executive shall be eligible for severance benefits upon an involuntary termination of employment under the terms and conditions specified in this section 2. 
 1. Eligibility for Severance. 
 1. Eligible Terminations . Subject to subparagraph (a)(ii) below, Executive shall be eligible for severance payments and benefits under this section 2 if his employment terminates under one of the following circumstances 
 1. Executive s employment is terminated involuntarily without Cause (defined in subparagraph 2(a)(ii)(A)) or 
 2. Executive terminates his or her employment at the request of Company . 
 3. Ineligible Terminations . Notwithstanding subparagraph (a)(i) next above, Executive shall not be eligible for any severance payments or benefits under this section 2 if his employment terminates under any of the following circumstances 
 1. A termination for Cause . For purposes of this Agreement, Cause means Executive has been convicted of (or pled guilty or no contest to) a felony or any crime involving fraud, embezzlement, theft, misrepresentation of financial impropriety has willfully engaged in misconduct resulting in material harm to Company has willfully failed to substantially perform duties after written notice or is in willful violation of Company policies resulting in material harm to Company 
 2. A termination as the result of Disability. For purposes of this Agreement Disability shall mean a determination under Company s disability plan covering Executive that Executive is disabled 
 3. A termination due to death 
 4. A termination due to Voluntary Retirement . For purposes of this Agreement, Voluntary Retirement means a voluntary termination of employment, other than at the request of the Company, after Executive has attained age fifty (50) 

5. A voluntary termination of employment other than at the request of Company 
 6. A termination following which Executive is immediately offered and accepts new employment with Company , or becomes a non-executive member of the Board 
 7. The transfer of Executive s employment to a subsidiary or affiliate of Company with his consent 
 8. A termination of employment that qualifies Executive to receive severance payments or benefits under section 3 below following a Change in Control or 
 9. Any other termination of employment under circumstances not described in subparagraph 2(a)(i). 
 10. Characterization of Termination . The characterization of Executive s termination shall be made by the Committee (as defined in section 5 below) which determination shall be final and binding. 
 11. Termination Date . For purposes of this section 2, Executive s Termination Date shall mean the date on which Executive terminates employment with Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates, as specified in the separation and release agreement described under section 2(e) below. 
 12. Severance Benefits Payable . If Executive is terminated under circumstances described in subparagraph 2(a)(i), and not described in subparagraph 2(a)(ii), then in lieu of any benefits payable under any other severance plan of the Company of any type and in consideration of the separation and release agreement and the covenants contained herein, the following shall apply 
 1. Executive shall be entitled to receive his Base Salary (the Salary Portion of Severance during the Severance Period, payable as provided in section 2(c). The Severance Period shall mean the number of months determined by multiplying the number of Executive s full years of employment with Company or any subsidiary or affiliate of Company by two provided, however, that in no event shall the Severance Period be less than twelve months or more than twenty-four months. Base Salary shall mean the annual salary in effect for Executive immediately prior to his Termination Date. 
 2. Executive shall receive a pro-rata amount (determined based upon the number of days from the first day of the Company s current fiscal year to Executive s Termination Date divided by the total number of days in the applicable performance period and based on actual performance and achievement of any performance goals) of 
 1. The annual incentive, if any, payable under the Annual Incentive Plan in effect with respect to the fiscal year in which the Termination Date occurs based on actual fiscal year performance (the Annual Incentive Portion of Severance ). Annual Incentive Plan means the Hanesbrands Inc. annual incentive plan in which Executive participates as of the Termination Date and 
 2. The long-term incentive, if any, payable under the Omnibus Plan in effect on Executive s Termination Date for any performance period or cycle that is at least fifty (50) percent completed prior to Executive s Termination Date and which relates to the period of his service prior to his Termination Date . The Omnibus Plan means the Hanesbrands Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time, and any successor plan or plans. The long-term incentive described in this section Long-Term Cash Incentive Plan includes cash long-term incentives, but does not include stock options, RSUs, or other equity awards. 
 Such amounts shall be payable as provided in section 2(c). Treatment of stock options, RSUs, or other equity awards shall be determined pursuant to Executive s award agreement(s). Executive shall not be eligible for any new Annual 
 2 

Incentive Plan grants, Long-Term Cash Incentive Plan grants, or any other grants of stock options, RSUs, or other equity awards under the Omnibus Plan during the Severance Period . 
 3. Beginning on his Termination Date , Executive shall be eligible to elect continued coverage under the group medical and dental plan available to similarly situated senior executives. If Executive elects continuation coverage for medical coverage, dental coverage or both, he shall pay the entire COBRA premium charged for such continuation coverage during the Severance Period provided, however, that during the Severance Period Company shall reimburse Executive , on a taxable basis if so elected by Company , for that portion of the COBRA premium paid that exceeds the amount payable by an active executive of Company for similar coverage, as adjusted from time to time. Such reimbursement shall be made to Executive on the 20th day of each calendar month during the Severance Period, or within ten (10) business days thereafter. The amount eligible for reimbursement under this subparagraph in any calendar year shall not affect any amounts eligible for reimbursement to be provided in any other calendar year. In addition, Executive s right to reimbursement hereunder shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for any other benefit. Executive s right to COBRA continuation coverage under any such group health plan shall be reduced by the number of months of medical and dental coverage otherwise provided pursuant to this subparagraph. The premium charged for any continuation coverage after the end of the Severance Period shall be entirely at Executive s expense and shall be the actuarially determined cost of the continuation coverage as determined by an actuary selected by the Company (in accordance with the requirements under COBRA, to the extent applicable). Executive shall not be entitled to reimbursement of any portion of the premium charged for such coverage after the end of the Severance Period. Executive s COBRA continuation coverage shall terminate in accordance with the COBRA continuation of coverage provisions under Company s group medical and dental plans. If Executive has attained age fifty (50) and completed five (5) years of service with Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates (or would attain age fifty (50) and complete five (5) years of service if the Severance Period is considered as employment), then, after exhausting any COBRA continuation coverage under the group medical plan, Executive may elect to participate in the Hanesbrands Inc. Choice Fund Open Access Plus HRA Extended Medical Plan (or its successor) in accordance with the terms and conditions of such plan in effect on and after Executive s Termination Date provided, that such retiree medical coverage shall not be available to Executive unless he elects such coverage within thirty (30) days following his Termination Date . The premium charged for such retiree medical coverage may be different (greater) than the premium charged an active employee for similar coverage. 
 4. Except as otherwise provided herein or in the applicable plan , participation in all other Company plans available to similarly situated senior executives including but not limited to, qualified pension plans, stock purchase plans, matching grant programs, 401(k) plans and ESOPs, personal accident insurance, travel accident insurance, short and long term disability insurance, and accidental death and dismemberment insurance, shall cease on Executive s Termination Date . During the Severance Period, Company shall continue to maintain life insurance covering Executive under Company s Executive Life Insurance Plan in accordance with its terms. If Executive has attained age fifty-five (55) and completed ten (10) years of service with Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates, or would have if the Severance Period is considered as employment, then Company will continue to pay the premiums (or prepay the entire premium) so that Executive has a paid-up life insurance benefit equal to his annual salary on his Termination Date . 
 5. Payment of Severance . 
 1. Salary Portion. The Salary Portion of Severance shall be paid as follows 
 1. That portion of the Salary Portion of Severance that exceeds the S eparation Pay Limit, if any , shall be paid to Executive in a lump sum payment as soon as practicable following the Termination Date , but in no event later than the fifteenth day of the third month after the Termination Date . The Separation Pay Limit shall mean two (2) times the lesser of (1) the sum of Executive s annualized compensation based upon the annual rate of pay for 
 3 

services provided to Company for the calendar year immediately preceding the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs (adjusted for any increase during that calendar year that was expected to continue indefinitely if Executive had not terminated employment) and (2) the maximum dollar amount of compensation that may be taken into account under a tax-qualified retirement plan under Code section 401(a)(17) for the year in which the Termination Date occurs. The payment to be made to Executive pursuant to this subparagraph (A) is intended to be exempt from Section 409A (as defined in section 15) under the exemption found in Regulation section 1.409A-(b)(4) for short-term deferrals. 
 2. The remaining portion of the Salary Portion of Severance shall be paid during the Severance Period in accordance with Company s payroll schedule, with the first installment payable in the first payroll falling on or after the sixtieth (60 th day following the Termination Date , with such first installment to include any amount that would have been paid in the period between the Termination Date and the date of such payroll. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall such remaining portion of the Salary Portion of Severance be paid to Executive later than December 31 of the second calendar year following the calendar year in which Executive s Termination Date occurs. The payment(s) to be made to Executive pursuant to this subparagraph (B) are intended to be exempt from Code section 409A (as defined in section 15) under the exemption found in Regulation section 1.409A-(b)(9)(iii) for separation pay plans (i.e., the so-called two times pay exemption). Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent permitted under Section 409A , the Committee may elect to pay such remaining Salary Portion of Severance in a lump sum payment or a combination of regular payments and a lump sum payment. Any such lump sum payment shall be paid to Executive as soon as practicable following the Termination Date , but in no event later than the fifteenth day of the third month after the Termination Date . 
 3. Incentive Portion. The Annual Incentive Portion of Severance , if any, shall be paid in cash on the same date the active participants under the Annual Incentive Plan are paid. The Long-Term Cash Incentive Plan payout, if any, shall be paid in the same form and on the same date the active participants under the Omnibus Plan are paid. 
 4. Withholding. All payments hereunder shall be reduced by such amount as Company (or any subsidiary or affiliate of Company may be required under all applicable federal, state, local or other laws or regulations to withhold or pay over with respect to such payment. 
 5. Termination of Benefits . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement to the contrary, all rights to receive or continue to receive severance payments and benefits under this section 2 shall cease on the earliest of (i) the date Executive breaches any of the covenants in the separation and release agreement described in section 2(e) or (ii) the date Executive becomes reemployed by Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. 
 6. Separation and Release Agreement . No benefits under this section 2 shall be payable to Executive unless Executive and Company have executed and Executive has delivered to Company a separation and release agreement (in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A) within forty-five (45) days following the Termination Date and the release therein shall have become effective in accordance with its terms, and the payment of severance benefits under this section 2 shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the separation and release agreement. 
 7. Death of Executive . In the event that Executive shall die prior to the payment in full of any benefits described above as payable to Executive for involuntary termination, payments of such benefits shall cease on the date of Executive s death. 
 8. Change in Control Benefits . 
 1. Eligibility for Change in Control Benefits . 
 4 

1. Terminations . If (A) within three (3) months preceding a Change in Control , Executive s employment is terminated by Company at the request of a third party in contemplation of a Change in Control , (B) within twenty-four (24) months following a Change in Control, Executive s employment is terminated by Company other than on account of Executive s death, Disability or Voluntary Retirement and other than for Cause, or (C) within twenty-four (24) months following a Change in Control Executive voluntarily terminates his employment for Good Reason, Executive shall be entitled to the Change in Control benefits as described in section 3(b) below. 
 2. Good Reason . For purposes of this section 3, Good Reason means the occurrence of any one or more of the following (without Executive s written consent after a Change in Control 
 1. A material adverse change in Executive s duties or responsibilities 
 2. A reduction in Executive s annual base salary except any reduction of not more than ten (10) percent 
 3. A material reduction in Executive s level of participation in Company s short- and or long-term incentive compensation plans, or employee benefit or retirement plans, policies, practices or arrangements in which Executive participates, except for any reduction applicable to all senior executives 
 4. The failure of any successor to Company to assume and agree to perform this Agreement or 
 5. Company s requiring Executive to be based at an office location which is at least fifty (50) miles from his or her office location at the time of the Change in Control. 
 The existence of Good Reason shall not be affected by Executive s temporary incapacity due to physical or mental illness not constituting a Disability . Executive s Voluntary Retirement shall constitute a waiver of his or her rights with respect to any circumstance that would otherwise constitute Good Reason . Executive s continued employment shall not constitute a waiver of his or her rights with respect to any circumstances which may constitute Good Reason provided, however, that Executive may not rely on any particular action or event described in clause (A) through (E) above as a basis for terminating his employment for Good Reason unless he delivers a Notice of Termination based on that action or event within ninety (90) days after its occurrence and Company has failed to correct the circumstances cited by Executive as constituting Good Reason within thirty (30) days of receiving the Notice of Termination . 
 6. Change in Control. For purposes of this Agreement , a Change in Control will occur 
 1. Upon the acquisition by any individual, entity or group, including any Person (as defined in the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), of beneficial ownership (as defined in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of twenty (20) percent or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding capital stock of Company that by its terms may be voted on all matters submitted to stockholders of Company generally Voting Stock provided, however, that the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control 
 1. Any acquisition directly from Company (excluding any acquisition resulting from the exercise of a conversion or exchange privilege in respect of outstanding convertible or exchangeable securities unless such outstanding convertible or exchangeable securities were acquired directly from Company 
 2. Any acquisition by Company 
 3. Any acquisition by an employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by Company or any corporation controlled by Company or 
 5 

4. Any acquisition by any corporation pursuant to a reorganization, merger or consolidation involving Company , if, immediately after such reorganization, merger or consolidation, each of the conditions described in clauses (1), (2) and (3) of subparagraph 3(a)(iii)(B) below shall be satisfied and provided further that, for purposes of clause (2) immediately above, if (i) any Person (other than Company or any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by Company or any corporation controlled by Company shall become the beneficial owner of twenty (20) percent or more of the Voting Stock by reason of an acquisition of Voting Stock by Company , and (ii) such Person shall, after such acquisition by Company , become the beneficial owner of any additional shares of the Voting Stock and such beneficial ownership is publicly announced, then such additional beneficial ownership shall constitute a Change in Control or 
 5. Upon the consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation of Company , or a sale, lease, exchange or other transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of Company excluding, however, any such reorganization, merger, consolidation, sale, lease, exchange or other transfer with respect to which, immediately after consummation of such transaction 
 1. All or substantially all of the beneficial owners of the Voting Stock of Company outstanding immediately prior to such transaction continue to beneficially own, directly or indirectly (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the entity resulting from such transaction), more than fifty (50) percent of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the entity resulting from such transaction (including, without limitation, Company or an entity which as a result of such transaction owns Company or all or substantially all of Company s property or assets, directly or indirectly) (the Resulting Entity outstanding immediately after such transaction, in substantially the same proportions relative to each other as their ownership immediately prior to such transaction and 
 2. No Person (other than any Person that beneficially owned, immediately prior to such reorganization, merger, consolidation, sale or other disposition, directly or indirectly, Voting Stock representing twenty (20) percent or more of the combined voting power of Company s then outstanding securities) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, twenty (20) percent or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Resulting Entity and 
 3. At least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the entity resulting from such transaction were members of the board of directors of Company (the Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement or action of the Board authorizing such reorganization, merger, consolidation, sale or other disposition or 
 4. Upon the consummation of a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of Company or 
 5. When the Initial Directors cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board . For this purpose, an Initial Director shall mean those individuals serving as the directors of Company as of the date of this Agreement provided, however, that any individual who becomes a director of Company at or after the first annual meeting of stockholders of Company following the date of this Agreement whose election, or nomination for election by Company s stockholders, was approved by the vote of at least a majority of the Initial Directors then comprising the Board (or by the nominating committee of the Board , if such committee is comprised of Initial Directors and has such authority) shall be deemed to have been an Initial Director and provided further, that no individual shall be deemed to be an Initial Director if such individual initially was elected as a director of Company as a result of (1) an actual or threatened solicitation by a Person (other than the Board made for the purpose of opposing a solicitation by the Board with respect to the election or removal of directors or (2) any other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of any Person (other than the Board ). 
 6 

6. Termination Date. For purposes of this section 3, Termination Date shall mean the date on which Executive terminates employment with Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates, as specified in the Notice of Termination . 
 7. Change in Control Benefits . In the event Executive becomes entitled to receive benefits under this section 3, the following shall apply 
 1. In consideration of Executive s covenant in section 4 below, Executive shall be entitled to receive the following amounts, payable as provided in section 3(j) 
 1. A lump sum payment equal to the unpaid portion of Executive s annual Base Salary and vacation accrued through the Termination Date 
 2. A lump sum payment equal to Executive s prorated Annual Incentive Plan payment 
 3. A lump sum payment equal to Executive s prorated Long-Term Cash Incentive Plan payment, if any and 
 4. A lump sum payment equal to two times the sum of (1) Executive s annual Base Salary and (2) the greater of (i) Executive s target annual incentive (as defined in the Annual Incentive Plan for the year in which the Change in Control occurs and (ii) Executive s average annual incentive calculated over the three (3) fiscal years immediately preceding the year in which the Change in Control occurs and (3) an amount equal to the Company matching contribution to the defined contribution plan in which Executive is participating at the Termination Date . 
 Treatment of stock options, RSUs, or other equity awards shall be determined pursuant to Executive s award agreement(s). Executive shall not be eligible for any new Annual Incentive Plan grants, Long-Term Cash Incentive Plan grants, or any other grants of stock options, RSUs, or other equity awards under the Omnibus Plan with respect to the CIC Severance Period as defined immediately below. 
 5. For a period of 24 months following Executive s Termination Date (the CIC Severance Period ), Executive shall have the right to elect continuation of the life insurance, personal accident insurance, travel accident insurance and accidental death and dismemberment insurance coverages which insurance coverages shall be provided at the same levels and the same costs in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control. Beginning on his Termination Date , Executive shall be eligible to elect continued coverage under the group medical and dental plan available to similarly situated senior executives. If Executive elects continuation coverage for medical coverage, dental coverage or both, he shall pay the entire COBRA premium charged for such continuation coverage during the CIC S everance Period provided, however, that during the CIC Severance Period, Company shall reimburse Executive, on a taxable basis if so elected by Company , for that portion of the COBRA premium paid that exceeds the amount payable by an active executive of Company for similar coverage, as adjusted from time to time. Such reimbursement shall be made to Executive on the 20 th day of each calendar month during the CIC Severance Period, or within ten (10) business days thereafter. The amount eligible for reimbursement under this subparagraph in any calendar year shall not affect any amounts eligible for reimbursement to be provided in any other calendar year. In addition, Executive s right to reimbursement hereunder shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for any other benefit. Executive s right to COBRA continuation coverage under any such group health plan shall be reduced by the number of months of coverage otherwise provided pursuant to this subparagraph. The premium charged for any continuation coverage after the end of the CIC Severance Period shall be entirely at Executive s expense and shall be the actuarially determined cost of the continuation coverage as determined by an actuary selected by the Company (in accordance with the requirements under COBRA, to the extent applicable). Executive shall not be entitled to reimbursement of any portion of the premium charged for such coverage after the end of the CIC Severance Period. Executive s COBRA continuation coverage shall terminate in accordance with the COBRA continuation of coverage provisions under Company s group medical and dental plans. If Executive has attained age fifty (50) and completed five (5) years of service with Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates (or would attain age fifty 
 7 

(50) and complete five (5) years of service if the CIC Severance Period is considered as employment), then, after exhausting any COBRA continuation coverage under the group medical plan, Executive may elect to participate in the Hanesbrands Inc. Choice Fund Open Access Plus HRA Extended Medical Plan (or its successor) in accordance with the terms and conditions of such plan in effect on and after Executive s Termination Date provided, that such retiree medical coverage shall not be available to Executive unless he elects such coverage within thirty (30) days following his Termination Date . The premium charged for such retiree medical coverage may be different from the premium charged an active employee for similar coverage. 
 6. If the aggregate benefits accrued by Executive as of the Termination Date under the savings and retirement plans sponsored by Company are not fully vested pursuant to the terms of the applicable plan(s), the difference between the benefits Executive is entitled to receive under such plans and the benefits he would have received had he been fully vested will be provided to Executive under the Hanesbrands Inc. Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan (the Supplemental Plan ). In addition, for purposes of determining Executive s benefits under the Supplemental Plan and Executive s right to post-retirement medical benefits under the Hanesbrands Inc. Choice Fund Open Access Plus HRA Extended Medical Plan (or its successor), additional years of age and service credits equivalent to the length of the CIC Severance Period shall be included. However, Executive will not be eligible to begin receiving any retirement benefits under any such plans until the date he would otherwise be eligible to begin receiving benefits under such plans. 
 7. Except as otherwise provided herein or in the applicable plan, participation in all other plans of Company or any subsidiary or affiliate of Company available to similarly situated executives of Company , shall cease on Executive s Termination Date . 
 8. Termination for Disability . If Executive s employment is terminated due to Disability following a Change in Control , Executive shall receive his Base Salary through the Termination Date , at which time his benefits shall be determined in accordance with Company s disability, retirement, insurance and other applicable plans and programs then in effect, and Executive shall not be entitled to any other benefits provided by this Agreement . 
 9. Termination for Retirement or Death . If Executive s employment is terminated by reason of his Voluntary Retirement or death following a Change in Control , Executive s benefits shall be determined in accordance with Company s retirement, survivor s benefits, insurance, and other applicable programs then in effect, and Executive shall not be entitled to any other benefits provided by this Agreement . 
 10. Termination for Cause, or Other Than for Good Reason or Retirement . If Executive s employment is terminated either by Company for Cause , or voluntarily by Executive (other than for Good Reason following a Change in Control , Company shall pay Executive his full Base Salary and accrued vacation through the Termination Date , at the rate then in effect, plus all other amounts to which such Executive is entitled under any compensation plans of Company , at the time such payments are due, and Company shall have no further obligations to such Executive under this Agreement . 
 11. Separation and Release Agreement . No benefits under this section 3 shall be payable to Executive unless Executive and Company have executed and Executive has delivered to Company a Separation and Release Agreement (in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A) within forty-five (45) days following the Termination Date and the release therein shall have become effective in accordance with its terms, and the payment of change in control benefits under this section 3 shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Separation and Release Agreement . 
 12. Deferred Compensation . All amounts previously deferred by or accrued to the benefit of Executive under any nonqualified deferred compensation plan sponsored by Company (including, without limitation, any vested amounts deferred under incentive plans), together with any accrued earnings thereon, shall be paid in accordance with the terms of such plan following Executive s termination. 
 8 

13. Notice of Termination . Any termination of employment under this section 3 by Company or by Executive for Good Reason shall be communicated by a written notice which shall indicate the specific Change in Control termination provision relied upon, and shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of Executive s employment under the provision so indicated (a Notice of Termination ). 
 14. Termination of Benefits . All rights to receive or continue to receive severance payments and benefits pursuant to this section 3 by reason of a Change in Control shall cease on the date Executive becomes reemployed by Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. 
 15. Form and Timing of Benefits . Subject to the provisions of this section 3, the Change in Control benefits described herein shall be paid to Executive in cash in a single lump sum payment as soon as practicable following the Termination Date , but in no event later than the fifteenth day of the third month after the date of the Executive s termination of employment. The Change in Control benefits payable to Executive pursuant to this subparagraph (j) are intended to be exempt from Section 409A (as defined in section 15) under the exemption found in Regulation section 1.409A-(b)(4) for short-term deferrals. 
 16. Excise Tax Adjustment. Subject to the limitation below, in the event that Executive becomes entitled to any payment or benefit under this section 3 (such benefits together with any other payments or benefits payable under any other agreement with, or plan or policy of, Company are referred to in the aggregate as the Total Payments ), if all or any part of the Total Payments will, as determined by Company , be subject to the tax (the Excise Tax imposed by Code section 4999 (or any similar tax that may hereafter be imposed), then such payment shall be either (i) provided to Executive in full, or (ii) provided to Executive to such lesser extent as would result in no portion of such payment being subject to such Excise Tax , whichever of the foregoing amounts, when taking into account applicable federal, state, local and foreign income and employment taxes, such Excise Tax , and any other applicable taxes, results in the receipt by Executive , on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of the payment, notwithstanding that all or some portion of such payment may be taxable under such Excise Tax . To the extent such payment needs to be reduced pursuant to the preceding sentence, reductions shall come from taxable amounts before non-taxable amounts and beginning with the payments otherwise scheduled to occur soonest. Executive agrees to cooperate fully with Company to determine the benefits applicable under this section. For purposes of determining whether any of the Total Payments will be subject to the Excise Tax , and the amounts of such Excise Tax , the following shall apply 
 1. Any other payments or benefits received or to be received by Executive in connection with a Change in Control or Executive s termination of employment (whether pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other plan, policy, arrangement or agreement with Company , or with any Person whose actions result in a Change in Control or any Person affiliated with Company or such Persons shall be treated as parachute payments within the meaning of Code section 280G(b)(2), and all excess parachute payments within the meaning of Code section 280G(b)(1) shall be treated as subject to the Excise Tax , unless in the opinion of Company s tax counsel as supported by Company s independent auditors and acceptable to Executive , such other payments or benefits (in whole or in part) do not constitute parachute payments, or unless such excess parachute payments (in whole or in part) represent reasonable compensation for services actually rendered within the meaning of Code section 280G(b)(4) in excess of the base amount within the meaning of Code section 280G(b)(3), or are otherwise not subject to the Excise Tax 
 2. The value of any noncash benefits or any deferred payment or benefit shall be determined by Company s independent auditors in accordance with the principles of Code sections 280G(d)(3) and (4) and 
 3. Executive shall be deemed to pay federal income taxes at the highest marginal rate of federal income taxation, and state and local income taxes at the highest marginal rate of taxation in the state and locality of Executive s residence on the Termination Date , net of the maximum reduction in federal income taxes which could be obtained from deduction of such state and local taxes. 
 9 

4. Company s Payment Obligation. Subject to the provisions of section 4, Company s obligation to make the payments and the arrangements provided in this section 3 shall be absolute and unconditional, and shall not be affected by any circumstances, including, without limitation, any offset, counterclaim, recoupment, defense, or other right which Company may have against Executive or anyone else. All amounts payable by Company under this section 3 shall be paid without notice or demand and each and every payment made by Company shall be final, and Company shall not seek to recover all or any part of such payment from Executive or from whomsoever may be entitled thereto, for any reason except as provided in section 3(k) above or in section 4. 
 5. Other Employment . Executive shall not be obligated to seek other employment in mitigation of the amounts payable or arrangements made under this section 3, and the obtaining of any such other employment shall in no event result in any reduction of Company s obligations to make the payments and arrangements required to be made under this section 3, except to the extent otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement . 
 6. Payment of Legal Fees and Expenses. To the extent permitted by law, Company shall reimburse Executive for all reasonable legal fees, costs of litigation or arbitration, prejudgment or pre-award interest, and other expenses incurred in good faith by Executive as a result of Company s refusal to provide benefits under this section 3, or as a result of Company contesting the validity, enforceability or interpretation of the provisions of this section 3, or as the result of any conflict (including conflicts related to the calculation of parachute payments or the characterization of Executive s termination) between Executive and Company provided that the conflict or dispute is resolved in Executive s favor and Executive acts in good faith in pursuing his rights under this section 3. 
 Such reimbursement shall be made within thirty (30) days following final resolution, in favor of Executive , of the conflict or dispute giving rise to such fees and expenses. In no event shall Executive be entitled to receive the reimbursements provided for in this subparagraph if he acts in bad faith or pursues a claim without merit, or if he fails to prevail in any action instituted by him or Company. 
 7. Arbitration for Change in Control Benefits . Any dispute or controversy arising under or in connection with the benefits provided under this section 3 shall promptly and expeditiously be submitted to arbitration in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association in effect at the time of such arbitration proceeding utilizing a panel of three (3) arbitrators sitting in a location selected by Executive within fifty (50) miles from the location of his employment with Company . Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The costs and expenses of both parties, including, without limitation, attorneys fees shall be borne by Company . Pending the resolution of any such dispute, controversy or claim, Executive (and his beneficiaries) shall, except to the extent that the arbitrator otherwise expressly provides, continue to receive all payments and benefits due under this section 3. 
 8. Remedies. In the event of any actual or threatened breach of the provisions of this Agreement or any separation and release agreement, the party who claims such breach or threatened breach shall give the other party written notice and, except in the case of a breach which is not susceptible to being cured, ten calendar days in which to cure. In the event of a breach of any provision of this Agreement or any separation and release agreement by Executive, (i) Executive shall reimburse Company the full amount of any payments made under section 2(b)(i), (ii) or (iii) or section 3(b)(i) of this Agreement (as the case may be), (ii) Company shall have the right, in addition to and without waiving any other rights to monetary damages or other relief that may be available to Company at law or in equity, to immediately discontinue any remaining payments due under subparagraph 2(b)(i), (ii) or (iii) or subparagraph 3(b)(i) of this Agreement (as the case may be) including but not limited to any remaining Salary Portion of Severance payments, and (iii) the Severance Period or the CIC Severance Period (as the case may be) shall thereupon cease, provided that Executive s obligations under, if applicable, any separation and release agreement shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with their terms for the entire duration of the Severance Period or CIC Severance Period as applicable. In addition, Executive acknowledges that Company will suffer irreparable injury in the event of a breach or violation or threatened breach or violation of the provisions of this Agreement 
 10 

or any separation and release agreement and agrees that in the event of an actual or threatened breach or violation of such provisions, in addition to the other remedies or rights available to under this Agreement or otherwise, Company shall be awarded injunctive relief in the federal or state courts located in North Carolina to prohibit any such violation or breach or threatened violation or breach, without necessity of posting any bond or security. 
 9. Committee . Except as specifically provided herein, this Agreement shall be administered by the Compensation and Benefits Committee of the Board (the Committee . The Committee may delegate any administrative duties, including, without limitation, duties with respect to the processing, review, investigation, approval and payment of severance Change in Control benefits, to designated individuals or committees. 
 10. Claims Procedure . If Executive believes that he is entitled to receive severance benefits under this Agreement , he may file a claim in writing with the Committee within ninety (90) days after the date such Executive believes he should have received such benefits. No later than ninety (90) days after the receipt of the claim, the Committee shall either allow or deny the claim in writing. A denial of a claim, in whole or in part, shall be written in a manner calculated to be understood by Executive and shall include the specific reason or reasons for the denial specific reference to the pertinent provisions of this Agreement on which the denial is based a description of any additional material or information necessary for Executive to perfect the claim and an explanation of why such material or information is necessary and an explanation of the claim review procedure. Executive (or his duly authorized representative) may within sixty 60 days after receipt of the denial of his claim request a review upon written application to the Committee review pertinent documents and submit issues and comments in writing. The Committee shall notify Executive of its decision on review within sixty (60) days after receipt of a request for review unless special circumstances require an extension of time for processing, in which case a decision shall be rendered as soon as possible, but not later than one-hundred twenty (120) days after receipt of a request for review. Notice of the decision on review shall be in writing. The Committee s decision on review shall be final and binding on Executive and any successor in interest. If Executive subsequently wishes to file a claim under section 502(a) of ERISA, any legal action must be filed within ninety (90) days of the Committee s final decision. Executive must exhaust the claims procedure provided in this section 6 before filing a claim under ERISA with respect to any benefits provided under section 2 of this Agreement . 
 11. Notices . Any notice required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be sufficient if in writing and either delivered in person or sent by first class, certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, if to Company at Company s principal place of business, and if to Executive , at his home address most recently filed with Company , or to such other address as either party shall have designated in writing to the other party. 
 12. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of North Carolina without regard to any state s conflict of law principles. 
 13. Severability and Construction. If any provision of this Agreement is declared void or unenforceable or against public policy, such provision shall be deemed severable and severed from this Agreement and the balance of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. If a court of competent jurisdiction determines that any restriction in this Agreement is overbroad or unreasonable under the circumstances, such restriction shall be modified or revised by such court to include the maximum reasonable restriction allowed by law. 
 14. Waiver. Failure to insist upon strict compliance with any of the terms, covenants or conditions hereof shall not be deemed a waiver of such term, covenant or condition. 
 15. Entire Agreement Modifications. This Agreement (including all exhibits hereto) constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements, oral and written, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. In the event of any inconsistency between any provision of this Agreement and any provision of any plan, employee handbook, personnel manual, program, policy, arrangement or agreement of Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, the provisions of this Agreement shall control. This Agreement may be modified or amended only by an instrument in writing signed by both parties. 
 11 

16. Withholding. All payments made to Executive pursuant to this Agreement will be subject to withholding of employment taxes and other lawful deductions, as applicable. 
 17. Survivorship. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement , to the extent necessary to carry out the intentions of the parties hereunder the respective rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall survive any termination of Executive s employment. 
 18. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall bind and shall inure to the benefit of Company and any and all of its successors and assigns. This Agreement is personal to Executive and shall not be assignable by Executive. Company may assign this Agreement to any entity which (i) purchases all or substantially all of the assets of Company or (ii) is a direct or indirect successor (whether by merger, sale of stock or transfer of assets) of Company . Any such assignment shall be valid so long as the entity which succeeds to Company expressly assumes Company s obligations hereunder and complies with its terms. 
 19. Compliance with Code Section 409A. To the extent applicable, it is intended that the payment of benefits described in this Agreement comply with Code section 409A and all guidance or regulations thereunder Section 409A ), or qualify for an exemption from Section 409A (e.g., the short-term deferral exception and the two times pay exemption applicable to severance payments). This Agreement will, to the extent subject to Section 409A, at all times be construed in a manner to comply with Section 409A and should any provision be found not in compliance with Section 409A , Executive hereby agrees to any changes to the terms of this Agreement deemed necessary and required by legal counsel for Company to achieve compliance with Section 409A, including any applicable exemptions. By signing a copy of this Agreemen t, Executive irrevocably waives any objections he may have to any changes that may be required by Section 409A . In no event will any payment that becomes payable pursuant to this Agreement that is considered deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A , if any, and does not satisfy any of the applicable exemptions under Section 409A , be accelerated in violation of Section 409A . To the extent that any amount payable hereunder upon Executive s termination of employment is subject to Section 409A , payment shall not be made until Executive incurs a separation from service, as defined in Section 409A , from Company . If Executiv e is a specified employee as defined in Section 409A , any payment that becomes payable upon his termination of employment pursuant to this Agreement that is considered deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A and does not satisfy any of the applicable exemptions under Section 409A may not be made before the date that is six months after Executive s separation from service (or death, if earlier). To the extent Executive becomes subject to the six-month delay rule, all payments that would have been made to Executive during the six months following his separation from service that are not otherwise exempt from Section 409A, if any, will be accumulated and paid to Executive during the seventh month following his separation from service, and any remaining payments due will be made in their ordinary course as described in this Agreement . Compan y will notify Executive should he become subject to the six-month delay rule. For purposes of Section 409A , any right to receive any installment payments pursuant to this Agreement shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Company and Executive have duly executed and delivered this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 

EXECUTIVE 

. 

HANESBRANDS INC. 
 12 

By 
 Title 

13 

Exhibit A 
 MODEL FORM 
 SEPARATION AND RELEASE AGREEMENT 
 Hanesbrands Inc. Company and NAME Executive enter into this Separation and Release Agreement which was received by Executive on the ___ day of ______, 20__, signed by Executive on the ______ day of ______, 20__, and is effective on the ______ day of ______, 20__ (the Effective Date ). The Effective Date shall be no less than 7 days after the date signed by Executive. 
 WITNESSETH 
 WHEREAS, Executive has been employed by the Company as a ______ and 
 WHEREAS, Executive s employment with the Company is terminated as of ______, 200__ (the Termination Date and 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Severance Change in Control Agreement between Company and Executive dated ______, 2020 (the Change in Control Agreement ), upon a termination of Executive s employment that satisfies the conditions specified in the Change in Control Agreement, Executive is entitled to the benefits described in the Change in Control Agreement provided Executive executes a separation and release agreement acceptable to Company and 
 WHEREAS, this separation and release agreement (the Agreement is intended to satisfy the requirements of the Change in Control Agreement and to form a part of the Change in Control Agreement in such a manner that all the rights, duties and obligations arising between Executive and Company, including, but in no way limited to, any rights, duties and obligations that have arisen or might arise out of or are in any way related to Executive s employment with the Company and the conclusion of that employment are settled herein through the joinder of the Change in Control Agreement with this Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the obligations of the parties under the Change in Control Agreement and the additional covenants and mutual promises herein contained, it is further agreed as follows 
 1. Termination Date . Executive agrees to resign Executive s employment and all appointments Executive holds with Company, and its subsidiaries and affiliates, on the Termination Date. Executive understands and agrees that Executive s employment with the Company will conclude on the close of business on the Termination Date. 
 2. Termination Benefits . Executive and Company agree that Executive shall receive the benefits described in the Change in Control Agreement, less all applicable withholding taxes and other customary payroll deductions, provided in the Change in Control Agreement. 
 3. Receipt of Other Compensation . Executive acknowledges and agrees that, other than as specifically set forth in the Change in Control Agreement or this Agreement, following the Termination Date, Executive is not and will not be due any compensation, including, but not limited to, compensation for unpaid salary (except for amounts unpaid and owing for Executive s employment with Company, its subsidiaries or affiliates prior to the Termination Date), unpaid bonus, severance and accrued or unused vacation time or vacation pay from the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. Except as provided herein or in the Change in Control Agreement, Executive will not be eligible to participate in any of the benefit plans of the Company after Executive s Termination Date. However, Executive will be entitled to receive benefits which are vested and accrued prior to the Termination Date pursuant to the employee benefit plans of the Company. Any participation by Executive (if any) in any of the compensation or benefit plans of the Company as of and after the Termination Date shall be subject to and determined in accordance with the terms and conditions of such plans, except as otherwise expressly set forth in the Change in Control Agreement or this Agreement. 

4. Continuing Cooperation . Following the Termination Date, Executive agrees to cooperate with all reasonable requests for information made by or on behalf of Company with respect to the operations, practices and policies of the Company. In connection with any such requests, the Company shall reimburse Executive for all out-of-pocket expenses reasonably and necessarily incurred in responding to such request(s). 
 5. Executive s Representation and Warranty . Executive hereby represents and warrants that, during Executive s period of employment with the Company, Executive did not willfully or negligently breach Executive s duties as an employee or officer of the Company, did not commit fraud, embezzlement, or any other similar dishonest conduct, and did not violate the Company s business standards. 
 6. Non-Solicitation and Non-Compete. In consideration of the benefits provided under this Agreement and in the Change in Control Agreement, Executive agrees that during Executive s employment and for the duration of the applicable Severance Period as determined pursuant to the terms of the Change in Control Agreement, Executive will not, without the prior written consent of Company, either alone or in association with others, (a) solicit for employment or assist or encourage the solicitation for employment, any employee of Company, or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, (b) induce or attempt to induce any customer (i) with whom Executive or any employee under Executive s direct supervision had material contact during the last two years of Executive s employment with the Company or (ii) about whom Executive obtained trade secrets or confidential information in the course of Executive s employment with the Company to cease or reduce doing business with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, or interfere with the relationship between the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, on the one hand, and any such customer, on the other hand, or (c) within the Territory, directly or indirectly counsel, advise, perform services for, or be employed by, or otherwise engage or participate in, in each case, in any capacity that is similar to the capacity in which Executive provided services to the Company or that could require the performance of duties or functions similar to those performed as an employee of the Company, any Competing Business (regardless of whether Executive receives compensation of any kind). For purposes of this Agreement, a Competing Business shall mean any commercial activity which competes or is reasonably likely to compete with any business that the Company conducts, or demonstrably anticipates conducting, at any time during Executive s employment. The Territory shall mean (i) anywhere in the world in which the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates engaged in commercial operations during the last two years of Executive s employment with the Company, including (without limitation) the United States of America, Canada, Mexico, France, Australia, New Zealand, Japan, Italy, Germany, Spain, the United Kingdom, Brazil, China, and or the Caribbean Basin and (ii) any geographic area with respect to which Executive had direct or indirect responsibility during the last two years of Executive s employment. Executive may rely on a written communication from the Company s Chief Executive Officer or Chief Legal Officer regarding a determination by the Company that the provisions of this paragraph 6 would not prohibit specified activities proposed to be undertaken by Executive. 
 7. Confidentiality . At all times after the Effective Date, Executive will maintain the confidentiality of all information in whatever form concerning Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates relating to its or their businesses, customers, finances, strategic or other plans, marketing, employees, trade practices, trade secrets, know-how or other matters which are not generally known outside Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, and Executive will not, directly or indirectly, make any disclosure thereof to anyone, or make any use thereof, on Executive s own behalf or on behalf of any third party, unless specifically requested by or agreed to in writing by an executive officer of Company. In addition, Executive agrees that Executive will not disclose the existence or terms of this Agreement to any third parties with the exception of Executive s accountants, attorneys, or spouse, and shall ensure that none of them discloses such existence or terms to any other person, except as required to comply with law. Executive will promptly return to Company all reports, files, memoranda, records, computer equipment and software, credit cards, cardkey passes, door and file keys, computer access codes or disks and instructional manuals, and other physical or personal property which Executive received or prepared or helped prepare in connection with Executive s employment and Executive will not retain any copies, duplicates, reproductions or excerpts thereof. The obligations of this paragraph 7 shall survive the expiration of this Agreement. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Executive is not prohibited from (i) providing truthful testimony or accurate information in connection with any investigation being conducted into the business or operations of the Company by any government agency or other regulator that is responsible for enforcing a law on behalf of the government or (ii) otherwise providing information to 
 A-2 

the appropriate government agency regarding conduct or action undertaken or omitted to be taken by the Company that Executive reasonably believes is illegal or in non-compliance with any financial disclosure or other legal or regulatory requirement applicable to the Company, or from making any other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of applicable law or regulation provided, that in making any such disclosures, Executive agrees to take all reasonable precautions to prevent any unauthorized use or disclosure of any confidential information to any parties other than the relevant government agencies. Additionally, Executive will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for any disclosure of a trade secret that (A) is made (1) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (2) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding. If Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, Executive may disclose the Company's trade secrets to the Executive s attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding if the Executive (A) files any document containing trade secrets under seal and (B) does not disclose trade secrets, except pursuant to court order. Executive is not required to obtain the approval of, or give notice to, the Company or any of its representatives to take any action permitted under this Section 7. 
 8. Non-Disparagement . At all times after the Effective Date, Executive will not disparage or criticize, orally or in writing, the business, products, policies, decisions, directors, officers or employees of Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates to any person. Company also agrees that none of its executive officers will disparage or criticize Executive to any person or entity. The obligations of this paragraph 8 shall survive the expiration of this Agreement. 
 9. Breach of Agreement . Any actual or threatened breach of this Agreement will be handled as provided in the Change in Control Agreement. 
 10. Release . 
 1. Executive on behalf of Executive, Executive s heirs, executors, administrators and assigns, does hereby knowingly and voluntarily release, acquit and forever discharge Company and any of its subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns and past, present and future directors, officers, employees, trustees and shareholders (the Released Parties from and against any and all complaints, claims, cross-claims, third-party claims, counterclaims, contribution claims, liabilities, obligations, promises, agreements, controversies, damages, actions, causes of action, suits, rights, demands, costs, losses, debts and expenses of any nature whatsoever, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, foreseen or unforeseen, matured or unmatured, which, at any time up to and including the date on which Executive signs this Agreement, exists, have existed, or may arise from any matter whatsoever occurring, including, but not limited to, any claims arising out of or in any way related to Executive s employment with Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates and the conclusion thereof, which Executive, or any of Executive s heirs, executors, administrators, assigns, affiliates, and agents ever had, now has or at any time hereafter may have, own or hold against any of the Released Parties based on any matter existing on or before the date on which Executive signs this Agreement. Executive acknowledges that in exchange for this release, Company is providing Executive with total consideration, financial or otherwise, which exceeds what Executive would have been given without the release. By executing this Agreement, Executive is waiving, without limitation, all claims (except for the filing of a charge with an administrative agency) against the Released Parties arising under federal, state and local labor and antidiscrimination laws, any employment related claims under the employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and any other restriction on the right to terminate employment, including, without limitation, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended, and the North Carolina Equal Employment Practices Act, as amended. Nothing herein shall release any party from any obligation under this Agreement. Executive acknowledges and agrees that this release and the covenant not to sue set forth in paragraph (c) below are essential and material terms of this Agreement and that, without such release and covenant not to sue, no agreement would have been reached by the parties and no benefits under the Change in Control Agreement would have been paid. Executive understands and acknowledges the significance and consequences of this release and this Agreement. 
 A-3 

2. EXECUTIVE SPECIFICALLY WAIVES AND RELEASES THE RELEASED PARTIES FROM ALL CLAIMS EXECUTIVE MAY HAVE AS OF THE DATE EXECUTIVE SIGNS THIS AGREEMENT REGARDING CLAIMS OR RIGHTS ARISING UNDER THE AGE DISCRIMINATION IN EMPLOYMENT ACT OF 1967, AS AMENDED, 29 U.S.C. 621 ADEA ). EXECUTIVE FURTHER AGREES (i) THAT EXECUTIVE S WAIVER OF RIGHTS UNDER THIS RELEASE IS KNOWING AND VOLUNTARY AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE OLDER WORKERS BENEFIT PROTECTION ACT OF 1990 (ii) THAT EXECUTIVE UNDERSTANDS THE TERMS OF THIS RELEASE (iii) THAT EXECUTIVE S WAIVER OF RIGHTS IN THIS RELEASE IS IN EXCHANGE FOR CONSIDERATION THAT WOULD NOT OTHERWISE BE OWING TO EXECUTIVE PURSUANT TO ANY PREEXISTING OBLIGATION OF ANY KIND HAD EXECUTIVE NOT SIGNED THIS RELEASE (iv) THAT EXECUTIVE HEREBY IS AND HAS BEEN ADVISED IN WRITING BY COMPANY TO CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY PRIOR TO EXECUTING THIS RELEASE (v) THAT COMPANY HAS GIVEN EXECUTIVE A PERIOD OF AT LEAST TWENTY-ONE (21) DAYS WITHIN WHICH TO CONSIDER THIS RELEASE (vi) THAT EXECUTIVE REALIZES THAT FOLLOWING EXECUTIVE S EXECUTION OF THIS RELEASE, EXECUTIVE HAS SEVEN (7) DAYS IN WHICH TO REVOKE THIS RELEASE BY WRITTEN NOTICE TO THE UNDERSIGNED, AND (vii) THAT THIS ENTIRE AGREEMENT SHALL BE VOID AND OF NO FORCE AND EFFECT IF EXECUTIVE CHOOSES TO SO REVOKE, AND IF EXECUTIVE CHOOSES NOT TO SO REVOKE, THAT THIS AGREEMENT AND RELEASE THEN BECOME EFFECTIVE AND ENFORCEABLE UPON THE EIGHTH DAY AFTER EXECUTIVE SIGNS THIS AGREEMENT. 
 3. To the maximum extent permitted by law, Executive covenants not to sue or to institute or cause to be instituted any action in any federal, state, or local agency or court against any of the Released Parties, including, but not limited to, any of the claims released this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall prevent Executive or any of the Released Parties from filing a charge with an administrative agency, from instituting any action required to enforce the terms of this Agreement, or from challenging the validity of this Agreement. In addition, nothing herein shall be construed to prevent Executive from enforcing any rights Executive may have to recover vested benefits under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 
 4. Executive represents and warrants that (i) Executive has not filed or initiated any legal, equitable, administrative, or other proceeding(s) against any of the Released Parties (ii) no such proceeding(s) have been initiated against any of the Released Parties on Executive s behalf (iii) Executive is the sole owner of the actual or alleged claims, demands, rights, causes of action, and other matters that are released in this paragraph 10 (iv) the same have not been transferred or assigned or caused to be transferred or assigned to any other person, firm, corporation or other legal entity and (v) Executive has the full right and power to grant, execute, and deliver the releases, undertakings, and agreements contained in this Agreement. 
 5. The consideration offered herein is accepted by Executive as being in full accord, satisfaction, compromise and settlement of any and all claims or potential claims, and Executive expressly agrees that Executive is not entitled to and shall not receive any further payments, benefits, or other compensation or recovery of any kind from Company or any of the other Released Parties. Executive further agrees that in the event of any further proceedings whatsoever based upon any matter released herein, Company and each of the other Released Parties shall have no further monetary or other obligation of any kind to Executive, including without limitation any obligation for any costs, expenses and attorneys fees incurred by or on behalf of Executive. 
 6. Executive s Understanding . Executive acknowledges by signing this Agreement that Executive has read and understands this document, that Executive has conferred with or had opportunity to confer with Executive s attorney regarding the terms and meaning of this Agreement, that Executive has had sufficient time to consider the terms provided for in this Agreement, that no representations or inducements have been made to Executive except as set forth in this Agreement, and that Executive has signed the same KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY. 
 A-4 

7. Non-Reliance . Executive represents to Company and Company represents to Executive that in executing this Agreement they do not rely and have not relied upon any representation or statement not set forth herein made by the other or by any of the other s agents, representatives or attorneys with regard to the subject matter, basis or effect of this Agreement, or otherwise. 
 8. Severability of Provisions . In the event that any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions will not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. Moreover, if any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement are held to be excessively broad as to duration, scope, activity or subject, such provisions will be construed by limiting and reducing them so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent compatible with applicable law. 
 9. Non-Admission of Liability . Executive agrees that neither this Agreement nor the performance by the parties hereunder constitutes an admission by any of the Released Parties of any violation of any federal, state, or local law, regulation, common law, breach of any contract, or any other wrongdoing of any type. 
 10. Assignability . The rights and benefits under this Agreement are personal to Executive and such rights and benefits shall not be subject to assignment, alienation or transfer, except to the extent such rights and benefits are lawfully available to the estate or beneficiaries of Executive upon death. Company may assign this Agreement to any parent, affiliate or subsidiary or any entity which at any time whether by merger, purchase, or otherwise acquires all or substantially all of the assets, stock or business of Company. 
 11. Choice of Law . This Agreement shall be constructed and interpreted in accordance with the internal laws of the State of North Carolina without regard to any state s conflict of law principles. 
 12. Entire Agreement . This Agreement, together with the Change in Control Agreement, sets forth all the terms and conditions with respect to compensation, remuneration of payments and benefits due Executive from Company and supersedes and replaces any and all other agreements or understandings Executive may have or may have had with respect thereto. This Agreement may not be modified or amended except in writing and signed by both Executive and an authorized representative of Company. 
 13. Notice . Any notice to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when mailed by certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed as follows 
 
 To Executive at 
 
 add address 
 
 To the Company at 
 
 Hanesbrands Inc. 
 Attention General Counsel 
 1000 East Hanes Mill Road 
 Winston-Salem, NC 27105 

A-5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 
 EXECUTIVE 

HANESBRANDS INC. 
 By 
 Title 
 A-6 

Exhibit B 
 
 Schedule of Parties to Severance Change in Control Agreement 
 
 Name Date of Agreement Michael E. Faircloth August 21, 2013 Kristin L. Oliver September 8, 2020 Joseph W. Cavaliere February 8, 2021 
 Tracy M. Preston March 29, 2021 
 Michael P. Dastugue May 1, 2021 
 Vanessa LeFebvre August, 15, 2022 
 
 A-7 

</EX-10.30>

<EX-10.35>
 3
 hbi-20221231exx1035.htm
 EX-10.35

Document 

THIRD AMENDMENT OF HANESBRANDS INC. 
 NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 
 (As Amended and Restated December 9, 2008) 
 WHEREAS, Hanesbrands Inc. (the Corporation maintains the Hanesbrands Inc. Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Plan (as Amended and Restated December 9, 2008) (the Plan and 
 WHEREAS, the Plan has previously been amended and further amendment of the Plan is now considered desirable 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in exercise of the power reserved to the Corporation by Section 17 of the Plan, and by the power delegated to the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Committee by resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, the Plan is hereby amended, effective as of January 1, 2022, by substituting the following for subsection 2(k) of the Plan 
 (k) Deferral Crediting Date means the last business day of each calendar quarter for the Cash Retainer and the vesting date specified in the award agreement for the Equity Retainer. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Committee has caused this amendment to be executed by its duly authorized representative this 4th day of November, 2022. 
 
 COMPENSATION COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF HANESBRANDS INC. 
 By s Ann E. Ziegler 
 Compensation Committee Representative 

</EX-10.35>

<EX-10.36>
 4
 hbi-20221231exx1036.htm
 EX-10.36

Document 

FOURTH AMENDMENT OF HANESBRANDS INC. 
 NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 
 (As Amended and Restated December 9, 2008) 
 WHEREAS, Hanesbrands Inc. (the Corporation maintains the Hanesbrands Inc. Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Plan (as Amended and Restated December 9, 2008) (the Plan and 
 WHEREAS, the Plan has previously been amended and further amendment of the Plan is now considered desirable 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in exercise of the power reserved to the Corporation by Section 17 of the Plan, and by the power delegated to the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Committee by resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, the Plan is hereby amended, effective as of January 1, 2023, by substituting the following for subsections 4(d) and (e) of the Plan 
 (d) As part of each Deferral Election for the 2007 Plan Year, the Non-Employee Director must specify the Distribution Date on which the Deferral will be paid or commence. For the 2008 through 2022 Plan Years, the Distribution Date with respect to a Deferral shall be the earlier of the fifth anniversary of the applicable Deferral Crediting Date or the Non-Employee Director's Separation from Service. For 2023 and subsequent Plan Years , the Distribution Date with respect to a Deferral shall be any of the following at the election of the Non-Employee Director (i) the Distribution Date specified by the Non-Employee Director , (ii) the Non-Employee Director's Separation from Service or (iii) the earlier of the Distribution Date specified by the Non-Employee Director or the Non-Employee Director's Separation from Service. A Non-Employee Director may make a different Deferral Election for each separate Deferral under the Plan. Except as provided in subsection (e) below, an election under this subsection (d) is irrevocable and shall apply only to that portion of the Non-Employee Director's Deferral Account which is attributable to the Deferral. 
 (e) A Non-Employee Director may make a Re-Deferral Election provided, that no Re-Deferral Election shall be effective unless (i) the Committee receives the election not later than 12 months prior to the Distribution Date to be changed, and (ii) the new Distribution Date shall be a date specified by the Non-Employee 

Director that is not earlier than the fifth anniversary of the prior Distribution Date. All Re-Deferral Elections must be made pursuant to such rules as the Committee may prescribe. The Committee, in its complete discretion, may modify the general rules set forth above as permitted by IRS Notice 2005-1, applicable regulations and other guidance issued under Code Section 409A. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Committee has caused this amendment to be executed by its duly authorized representative this 19th day of December, 2022. 
 
 COMPENSATION COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF HANESBRANDS INC. 
 By s Ann E. Ziegler 
 Compensation Committee Representative 
 - 2 - 

</EX-10.36>

<EX-10.37>
 5
 hbi-20221231exx1037.htm
 EX-10.37

hbi-20221231exx1037 

HANESBRANDS INC. LEGACY PENSION PLAN (Effective December 1, 2022) CERTIFICATE The undersigned, as a duly authorized representative of the Hanesbrands Inc. Employee Benefits Administrative Committee, hereby adopts the Hanesbrands Inc. Legacy Pension Plan, effective December 1, 2022. Dated this ____ day of November, 2022. HANESBRANDS INC. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS ADMINISTRATIVE COMMITTEE By: _____________________________ Administrative Committee Member 

-i- TABLE OF CONTENTS Section 1 Introduction ................................................................................................................1 1.1 Background and Purpose ...................................................................................1 1.2 Adoption of Plan by Controlled Group Members ..............................................2 1.3 Plan Administration ...........................................................................................2 1.4 Funding of Benefits ............................................................................................2 1.5 Supplements to the Plan .....................................................................................2 Section 2 Definitions ..................................................................................................................3 2.1 Actuarial Equivalent ..........................................................................................3 2.2 Alternative Actuarial Equivalent .......................................................................3 2.3 Code ...................................................................................................................4 2.4 Committee ..........................................................................................................4 2.5 Company ............................................................................................................4 2.6 Controlled Group Member .................................................................................4 2.7 Credited Service .................................................................................................4 2.8 Early Retirement Date ........................................................................................5 2.9 Effective Date ....................................................................................................5 2.10 Employee ...........................................................................................................5 2.11 Employer ............................................................................................................6 2.12 ERISA ................................................................................................................6 2.13 Fund ...................................................................................................................6 2.14 Hour of Service ..................................................................................................6 2.15 Late Retirement Date .........................................................................................6 2.16 Maternity or Paternity Absence .........................................................................6 2.17 Merged Plan .......................................................................................................7 2.18 Military Service .................................................................................................7 2.19 Normal Retirement Age .....................................................................................7 2.20 Normal Retirement Date ....................................................................................7 2.21 One Year Break in Service ................................................................................7 2.22 Participant ..........................................................................................................7 2.23 Plan ....................................................................................................................8 2.24 Plan Administrator .............................................................................................8 2.25 Plan Year ............................................................................................................8 2.26 Retirement ..........................................................................................................8 2.27 Retirement Date .................................................................................................8 2.28 Separation Date ..................................................................................................8 2.29 Spouse ................................................................................................................8 2.30 Totally Disabled or Total Disability ..................................................................9 2.31 Trust Agreement ................................................................................................9 2.32 Trustee................................................................................................................9 2.33 Years of Service .................................................................................................9 -ii- Section 3 Participation .............................................................................................................12 Section 4 Pension Benefits (Based on SLC Benefits Part of SLC Plan) .................................13 4.1 Pension Benefit ................................................................................................13 4.2 Normal Retirement ...........................................................................................13 4.3 Early Retirement ..............................................................................................14 4.4 Late Retirement ................................................................................................15 4.5 Monthly Deferred Vested Pension Benefit ......................................................16 4.6 Surviving Spouse s Benefit ..............................................................................16 4.7 Active Employee Death Benefit ......................................................................17 Section 5 Retirement Benefits (Based on SLBA Benefits Part of SLC Plan) .........................21 5.1 Retirement Benefit ...........................................................................................21 5.2 Normal Retirement ...........................................................................................21 5.3 Early Retirement ..............................................................................................21 5.4 Late Retirement ................................................................................................22 5.5 Monthly Deferred Vested Retirement Benefit .................................................22 5.6 Surviving Spouse s Benefit ..............................................................................23 5.7 Active Employee Death Benefit ......................................................................24 Section 6 Payment of Benefits .................................................................................................28 6.1 Normal Form of Payment ................................................................................28 6.2 Qualified and Optional Joint and Survivor Annuities......................................28 6.3 Election to Waive Qualified/Optional Survivor Annuities ..............................28 6.4 Optional Forms of Payment .............................................................................30 6.5 Optional Forms of Payment Available to Participants Entitled to a Monthly Deferred Vested Pension Benefit or Retirement Benefit ..................32 6.6 Election and Discontinuance of Options ..........................................................32 6.7 Reemployment .................................................................................................34 6.8 Suspension of Benefits .....................................................................................35 6.9 Commencement of Benefits .............................................................................35 6.10 Effect of Qualified Domestic Relations Orders ...............................................36 6.11 Small Benefits ..................................................................................................37 6.12 Direct Transfer of Eligible Rollover Distributions ..........................................38 6.13 Interest on Delayed Payments ..........................................................................39 6.14 Death During Qualified Military Service ........................................................40 6.15 Qualified Rollover Contributions to Roth IRAs ..............................................40 Section 7 Contributions............................................................................................................41 7.1 Employer Contributions ...................................................................................41 7.2 Participant Contributions .................................................................................41 7.3 Minimum Funding Standards ..........................................................................41 7.4 Application of Forfeitures ................................................................................41 

-iii- 7.5 Funding-Based Limitations on Benefits and Benefit Accruals ........................41 Section 8 Limitations on Benefits ............................................................................................47 8.1 In General .........................................................................................................47 8.2 Limitations on Benefits ....................................................................................47 8.3 Limitations Applicable to Certain Participants ................................................52 Section 9 Miscellaneous ..........................................................................................................54 9.1 Employer s Records .........................................................................................54 9.2 Information to be Furnished by Participants ....................................................54 9.3 Absence of Guaranty ........................................................................................54 9.4 Interests Not Transferable ................................................................................54 9.5 Facility of Payment ..........................................................................................54 9.6 Employment Rights .........................................................................................55 9.7 Evidence ...........................................................................................................55 9.8 Missing Participants and Beneficiaries ............................................................55 9.9 Compensation and Expenses ............................................................................55 9.10 Application for Benefits ...................................................................................55 9.11 Claims Procedure .............................................................................................55 9.12 Uniform Rules ..................................................................................................57 9.13 Waiver of Notice ..............................................................................................57 9.14 Controlling Law ...............................................................................................57 9.15 Action by Company or Employer ....................................................................57 9.16 Qualification Under Internal Revenue Code ....................................................57 9.17 Indemnification ................................................................................................58 9.18 Gender and Number .........................................................................................58 9.19 No Interest in Employers .................................................................................58 9.20 Recovery of Benefits ........................................................................................59 9.21 Errors and Corrections .....................................................................................59 Section 10 Relating to the Plan Administrator and Committee ...............................................60 10.1 The Committee.................................................................................................60 10.2 Secretary of the Committee .............................................................................61 10.3 Manner of Action .............................................................................................61 10.4 Interested Committee Member ........................................................................61 10.5 Reliance on Data by Plan Administrator and Committee ................................61 10.6 Committee Decisions .......................................................................................62 Section 11 Restrictions on Distributions..................................................................................63 Section 12 Amendment and Termination of the Plan ..............................................................64 12.1 Amendment ......................................................................................................64 12.2 Termination ......................................................................................................64 -iv- 12.3 Distribution upon Termination ........................................................................64 12.4 Discontinuance of Plan as Applied to an Employer ........................................66 12.5 Merger or Consolidation ..................................................................................67 12.6 Nonforfeitability on Termination or Partial Termination ................................67 12.7 Benefits of Highly Compensated Employees on Termination ........................67 Section 13 Special Rules for Top-Heavy Plans .......................................................................68 13.1 Purpose and Effect ...........................................................................................68 13.2 Top-Heavy Plan ...............................................................................................68 13.3 Key Employee ..................................................................................................69 13.4 Aggregated Plans .............................................................................................69 13.5 Minimum Vesting ............................................................................................70 13.6 Minimum Benefit .............................................................................................70 13.7 No Duplication of Benefits ..............................................................................70 Table I (Actuarial Factors) Table II (Percentage of Life Annuity Payable as Period Certain and Life Annuity) Supplement A (Sara Lee Corporation Consolidated Pension and Retirement Plan) Supplement B (Pannill Knitting Company, Inc. Pension Plan) Supplement C (Champion Products, Inc. Retirement Plan) Supplement D (Champion Products Inc. Hourly Employees Pension Plan) Supplement E (Pension Plan of Adams-Millis Corporation) Supplement F (Provisions Relating to Suspension of Benefits) Supplement G (Pension Plan of Adams-Millis Corporation) Supplement H (Bases of Benefits Determined Under Section 4 of Plan) Supplement I (Bases of Benefits Determined Under Section 5 of Plan) Supplement J (Playtex Apparel Pension Plan) Supplement K (National Textiles, L.L.C. Pension Plan) Part A: Provisions Relating to Career Average Formula (Beginning January 1, 1998) Exhibit I to Part A: Benefits Accrued by Participants Under the Pension Plan Provisions of the Sara Lee Corporation Consolidated Pension and Retirement Plan Prior to January 1, 1998 Appendix A to Part A Exhibit I to Appendix A to Part A: Benefits Accrued by Participants Under the Retirement Plan Provisions of the Sara Lee Corporation Consolidated Pension and Retirement Plan Prior to January 1, 1998 Appendix B to Part A Exhibit I to Appendix B to Part A: Benefits Accrued by Certain Former Employees of Champion Products, Inc. in Gaffney, South Carolina Prior to October 31, 1998 Transfer to NTX Part B: Cash Balance Benefit (Beginning January 1, 1998) Supplement L (Maidenform LLC Retirement Plan) Supplement M (Special Rules for Puerto Rican Participants) 

-1- HANESBRANDS INC. LEGACY PENSION PLAN SECTION 1 INTRODUCTION 1.1 Background and Purpose The purpose of this Hanesbrands Inc. Legacy Pension Plan is to help provide for the financial security of eligible employees after their retirement in recognition of their service to the Company and certain of its Controlled Group Members. The Plan is a spin-off from the Hanesbrands Inc. Pension Plan. Effective December 1, 2022, all assets and liabilities of the Hanesbrands Inc. Pension Plan were spun-off and transferred to this Plan other than those attributable to certain Participants who are actively employed or deferred vested with a Part B benefit under the former National Textiles, L.L.C. Pension Plan, as defined in Supplement K of this Plan (including the assets and liabilities of each spouse, beneficiary or alternate payee attributable to such Participants). Prior to January 1, 2006, the Hanesbrands Inc. Pension and Retirement Plan was part of the Sara Lee Corporation Consolidated Pension and Retirement Plan (the SLC Plan ). The SLC Plan was maintained by Sara Lee Corporation and provided benefits under two parts: (a) a Benefits Part for Selected Employees (the SLC Benefits Part and (b) a Sara Lee Branded Apparel Benefits Part (the SLBA Benefits Part each of which provided the benefits described in said Part to eligible employees defined in that Part. Effective as of the end of December 31, 2005, the SLC Plan spun off to the Hanesbrands Inc. Pension and Retirement Plan those assets and liabilities of the SLC Plan attributable to the frozen benefits of all employees of the Sara Lee Branded Apparel division of Sara Lee Corporation as of December 31, 2005 and all former employees of Sara Lee Corporation and its Controlled Group Members as of December 31, 2005 whose last Employer was the Sara Lee Branded Apparel division of Sara Lee Corporation (regardless of the Part or Parts of the SLC Plan to which their benefits were attributable) (collectively, the Frozen Benefits ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the benefits attributable to the following individuals were not spun off from the SLC Plan to the Hanesbrands Inc. Pension and Retirement Plan and do not constitute Frozen Benefits : (i) employees of the Sara Lee Branded Apparel division of Sara Lee Corporation who were on long-term disability leave as of December 31, 2005 and who participated in the SLC Benefits Part of the SLC Plan as of such date; and (ii) the following expatriates who were employees of the Sara Lee Intimate Apparel division of Sara Lee Corporation on that date: -2- Name SSN (Last 4 Digits) Adkins, Kirk 2217 Menendez, Rolando 5310 Rogalski, Charles 4604 Sturges, Samuel 3293 Effective August 31, 2009, the name of the Hanesbrands Inc. Pension and Retirement Plan was changed to the Hanesbrands Inc. Pension Plan. Also effective August 31, 2009, the Playtex Apparel Pension Plan and the National Textiles, L.L.C. Pension Plan were merged into the Hanesbrands Inc. Pension Plan. Effective December 31, 2013, the Maidenform LLC Retirement Plan was merged into the Hanesbrands Inc. Pension Plan. The Hanesbrands Inc. Pension Plan was amended and restated in its entirety, effective as of January 1, 2017. 1.2 Adoption of Plan by Controlled Group Members With the consent of the Company, each Controlled Group Member of the Company by whom a Participant is employed shall adopt the Plan and become an Employer thereunder. The adoption of the Plan by any such Controlled Group Member shall be effected by resolution of its board of directors, and the Company s consent thereto shall be effected by resolution of the Committee. 1.3 Plan Administration The Plan is administered by a Committee consisting of three or more individuals as described in Section 10 below. The Committee may delegate all or any part of its powers, rights, and duties under the Plan to such person or persons as it may deem advisable. 1.4 Funding of Benefits A Fund has been created and shall be maintained for the purposes of the Plan, and the assets thereof shall be held, invested and administered in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement between the Company and the Trustee. All contributions made by the Employers shall be paid into the Fund and all benefits payable under the Plan shall be paid from the Fund. No part of the principal or income of the Fund shall be used for, or diverted to, purposes other than for the exclusive benefit of Participants and other persons entitled to benefits hereunder and for the payment of the expenses and fees of the Trustee and expenses of plan administration incurred by the Committee or its authorized agents, to the extent such expenses and fees are not paid by the Employers, except as otherwise provided in Section 9.19. 1.5 Supplements to the Plan From time to time, the Company may adopt Supplements to the Plan for the purpose of modifying the provisions of the Plan as they apply to certain or all Participants or for the purpose of preserving benefits derived from another plan maintained by an Employer or a predecessor company to an Employer. Such Supplements form a part of the Plan as applied to the Participants affected or covered thereby. 

-3- SECTION 2 DEFINITIONS The following terms, when used in the Plan, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, shall have the following respective meanings: 2.1 Actuarial Equivalent The term Actuarial Equivalent means, in the case of two or more benefits and except as otherwise provided by law, that the actuarial reserve required to provide one of such benefits is equal to the actuarial reserve required to provide any other of such benefits. Except to the extent otherwise provided in the Tables of Actuarial Factors attached to the Plan and except where otherwise specifically provided elsewhere in the Plan, in determining whether a form of benefit is the Actuarial Equivalent of another form of benefit, the following actuarial assumptions shall be employed: Interest Rate: 8.5 per annum Mortality Table: The 1984 Unisex Pension Mortality Table Except as permitted by law, no reduction in a determination of an Actuarially Equivalent value or amount shall be made if such actuarial assumptions (above or in the applicable referenced Table) are changed subsequent to such determination. An increase in a determination of an Actuarially Equivalent value or amount shall be made if such actuarial assumptions are changed subsequent to such determination and the Participant performs at least one Hour of Service for the Employer after the effective date of such change, unless stated otherwise elsewhere in the Plan. 2.2 Alternative Actuarial Equivalent The term Alternative Actuarial Equivalent shall have the same meaning as the term Actuarial Equivalent in subsection 2.1 above, except that in lieu of the factors and assumptions otherwise provided in the Tables of Actuarial Factors attached to the Plan or in said subsection 2.1, the following actuarial assumptions shall be employed: (a) For computing benefits payable in the form of a lump sum distribution, Period Certain Annuity, or Social Security Adjustment Option, and for purposes of subparagraph 5.7(i), the assumptions described in this subparagraph (a) or the following subparagraph (b), whichever produce the greater benefit: (i) the interest rate described in Section 417(e)(3)(C) of the Code for the month of October immediately preceding the Plan Year of the adjustment, and -4- (ii) the applicable mortality table described in Section 417(e)(3)(B) of the Code. (b) For all other purposes not described in subparagraph 2.2(a): (i) an interest rate equal to the annual rate of interest on 30-year Treasury securities for the month of October immediately preceding the Plan Year of the adjustment, and (ii) a mortality assumption determined under the applicable mortality table as prescribed by IRS Revenue Ruling 2001-62 (the 1994 Group Annuity Reserving Table). 2.3 Code The term Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 2.4 Committee The term Committee means the Committee appointed to administer the Plan as provided in Section 10. 2.5 Company The term Company means Hanesbrands Inc., a Maryland corporation. 2.6 Controlled Group Member The term Controlled Group Member means the Company and any affiliated or related corporation which is a member of a controlled group of corporations (within the meaning of Section 1563(a) of the Code determined without regard to Sections 1563(a)(4) and 1563(e)(3)(C)) which includes the Company; or any trade or business (whether or not incorporated), which is under the common control of the Company (within the meaning of Section 414(c) of the Code.) References in the Plan to employment, termination of employment, or periods of service with a Controlled Group Member occurring prior to the Effective Date shall include employment, termination of employment or periods of service with Controlled Group Members of Sara Lee Corporation at the relevant time. 2.7 Credited Service The term Credited Service means service for purposes of calculating a Participant s benefit under the Plan. The types of service included in the calculation of Credited Service for a benefit under the Plan are outlined in the Supplement applicable to that benefit. 

-5- 2.8 Early Retirement Date The term Early Retirement Date means the first day of the month next following the date of the Participant s actual termination of employment with all of the Controlled Group Members before his or her Normal Retirement Age but after both attaining age 55 years and completing at least ten Years of Service. 2.9 Effective Date The term Effective Date shall mean January 1, 2006. The effective date of this amendment and restatement is January 1, 2017. 2.10 Employee The term Employee means any person employed by one or more of the Employers who is on the regular payroll of an Employer and whose wages from the Employer are reported for federal income tax purposes on Internal Revenue Service Form W-2 (or successor or equivalent form). Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, the following individuals are not considered an Employee for purposes of the Plan: (a) An individual who performs services for a Controlled Group Member but who is paid by an Employer under a common paymaster arrangement with such Controlled Group Member. (b) An individual who is classified as an independent contractor (or other non- employee classification), regardless of any subsequent reclassification of such individual as an Employee or employee of an Employer by an Employer, any government agency, court, or other third-party. Any such reclassification shall not have a retroactive effect for purposes of the Plan. (c) A nonresident alien receiving no U.S.-source income from any Employer. (d) Any person who is not an Employee of an Employer, but who has provided services to an Employer under primary direction or control of an Employer, on a substantially full-time basis for a period of at least one year, pursuant to an agreement between an Employer and a leasing organization (a Leased Employee ). If a Participant becomes a Leased Employee and later again becomes an Employee of an Employer, the period during which he or she performs services for an Employer as a Leased Employee shall be taken into account for purposes of vesting under the Plan, unless (i) such Leased Employee is a Participant in a money purchase pension plan maintained by the leasing organization which provides a non-integrated employer contribution of at least 10 percent of compensation, immediate participation for all employees and full and immediate vesting; and (ii) Leased Employees do not constitute -6- more than 20 percent of the Employer s non-highly compensated workforce. An Employer s classification as to whether an individual constitutes an Employee shall be determinative for purposes of an individual s eligibility under the Plan. 2.11 Employer The term Employer means the Company and each Controlled Group Member that adopts the Plan in accordance with subsection 1.2 of the Plan. References in the Plan to employment, termination of employment, or periods of service with an Employer occurring prior to the Effective Date shall include employment, termination of employment or periods of service with the Employers under the SLC Plan at the relevant time. 2.12 ERISA The term ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 2.13 Fund The term Fund means the trust fund created and maintained for the purposes of the Plan as described in subsection 1.4 of the Plan and in the Trust Agreement. 2.14 Hour of Service The term Hour of Service means each hour for which an Employee is directly or indirectly paid or entitled to payment by an Employer for the performance of duties and for reasons other than the performance of duties, including each hour for which back pay, irrespective of mitigation of damages, has been either awarded or agreed to by an Employer, determined and credited in accordance with Department of Labor Reg. Sec. 2530.200b-2. References in this subsection 2.14 to an Employer shall include any affiliated or related corporation which is a Controlled Group Member. 2.15 Late Retirement Date The term Late Retirement Date means, for a Participant, the first day of the month next following the date of the Participant s actual termination of employment with all of the Controlled Group Members after the Participant s Normal Retirement Date. 2.16 Maternity or Paternity Absence The term Maternity or Paternity Absence means an Employee s or Participant s absence from work because of the pregnancy of the Employee or Participant or birth of a child of the Employee or Participant, the placement of a child with the Employee or Participant in connection with the adoption of such child by the Employee or Participant, or for purposes of caring for the child immediately following such birth or placement. The Plan Administrator may 

-7- require the Employee or Participant to furnish such information as the Plan Administrator considers necessary to establish that the Employee s or Participant s absence was for one of the reasons specified above. 2.17 Merged Plan The term Merged Plan means a plan that merged into the Plan after the Effective Date. 2.18 Military Service The term Military Service means service rendered in any branch, department, agency or subdivision of the Armed Forces of the United States of America which shall entitle the person rendering such service to reemployment either: (a) Under the laws of the United States of America from time to time in force and effect, or (b) Under rules or policies from time to time adopted by the person s Employer and uniformly applied to all similarly situated employees. Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan to the contrary, contributions, benefits and service credit with respect to qualified military service shall be provided in accordance with Section 414(u) of the Code. 2.19 Normal Retirement Age The term Normal Retirement Age means, for each Participant, age 65 years. Each Participant s benefits shall be nonforfeitable at and after his or her Normal Retirement Age. 2.20 Normal Retirement Date The term Normal Retirement Date means, for each Participant, the first day of the month coincident with or next following his or her attainment of Normal Retirement Age. 2.21 One Year Break in Service The term One Year Break in Service means a 12 consecutive month period commencing on the Employee s or Participant s Separation Date (as defined in subsection 2.28) and ending on each anniversary of such date during which the Employee or Participant does not perform an Hour of Service. 2.22 Participant The term Participant means a participant in this Plan under Section 3. -8- 2.23 Plan The term Plan means the Hanesbrands Inc. Legacy Pension Plan, as set forth herein and as from time to time amended. 2.24 Plan Administrator The term Plan Administrator means the person or persons appointed by the Committee in accordance with Section 10 below to administer the Plan. 2.25 Plan Year The term Plan Year means each 12-month period beginning on January 1 and ending on the next following December 31. 2.26 Retirement The term Retirement means, for a Participant, the Participant s termination of employment after he or she has met the eligibility requirements for a Retirement Date as defined in subsection 2.27 below. References in the Plan to retirement or retire, for each Participant, are to be interpreted in accordance with this subsection 2.26. 2.27 Retirement Date The term Retirement Date means, for a Participant, the Participant s actual Normal Retirement Date, Early Retirement Date or Late Retirement Date. 2.28 Separation Date The term Separation Date means the earlier of (i) the date on which an Employee or Participant quits, retires, is discharged or dies; or (ii) the first anniversary of the first day of any period during which he or she remains absent from service with all Controlled Group Members for any reason other than quit, retirement, discharge or death. An absence by reason of circumstances other than quit, retirement, discharge or death shall be deemed to commence with respect to an Employee on the date he or she is terminated as an Employee on the payroll records of the Employers and Controlled Group Members. For purposes of determining the Separation Date of an Employee or Participant who is absent due to Maternity or Paternity Absence beyond the first anniversary of the first day of such absence, such Employee s or Participant s Separation Date shall be deemed to be the second anniversary of the first day of such absence. 2.29 Spouse The term Spouse means an individual to whom a Participant is legally married. Effective as of June 26, 2013, a Spouse includes, but is not limited to, a person of the same sex as the Participant, provided the couple was legally married in a jurisdiction that authorizes same- sex marriage (even if the couple lives in a jurisdiction that does not recognize same-sex 

-9- marriage). Notwithstanding the foregoing, a person of the same sex as the Participant shall not be a spouse for Plan purposes prior to June 26, 2013. 2.30 Totally Disabled or Total Disability The term Totally Disabled or Total Disability when used in reference to a Participant means that condition of the Participant resulting from injury or illness (occurring while the Participant was an Employee of an Employer) which: (a) results in such Participant s entitlement to and receipt of monthly disability insurance benefits under the federal Social Security Act; or (b) results in such Participant s entitlement to and receipt of (or would result in receipt of but for any applicable benefit waiting period) disability income benefits under a disability income plan maintained or adopted by such Participant s Employer. 2.31 Trust Agreement The term Trust Agreement means the agreement that provides for the establishment of the Fund, as that agreement may from time to time be amended. 2.32 Trustee The term Trustee means any corporate trustee or individual trustees acting as such from time to time under the Trust Agreement. 2.33 Years of Service The term Years of Service means a Participant s aggregated Years of Service and Years of Vesting Service as of December 31, 2005 under the terms of the SLC Plan as then applicable to the Participant, as maintained in the Committee s records, plus any period of continuous service with the Employers after December 31, 2005, determined in accordance with the following: (a) An Employee s or Participant s Employment Date means the date he or she first completes an Hour of Service. (b) A Participant shall be credited with one Year of Service for each 12-month period of service with the Employers, beginning with the first day of the month in which his or her Employment Date occurs and ending with the last day of the month in which his or her Separation Date occurs. For purposes of this subsection 2.33, during any period of service that is less than 12 months, a Participant shall be credited with one month of service for each -10- month in which the Participant completes at least one day of service with his or her Employer. (c) If within the 12 months immediately following a Participant s Separation Date, he or she again becomes employed by an Employer and completes an Hour of Service, the period from such Separation Date to the date on which he or she completes such Hour of Service shall be included in his or her Years of Service. (d) Except as provided in subparagraph (e) below, all of a Participant s Years of Service shall be aggregated. (e) If a former Participant who had no vested right to a benefit under the Plan is reemployed after incurring a One Year Break in Service, his or her Years of Service before the One Year Break in Service shall be disregarded (i) if such break occurred before July 1, 1985 and his or her number of consecutive One Year Breaks in Service equals or exceeds the number of his or her Years of Service before the break; or (ii) if such break occurs on or after July 1, 1985 and his or her number of consecutive One Year Breaks in Service equals or exceeds the greater of (A) his or her number of Years of Service before the break or (B) five. (f) Any period of service with a Controlled Group Member shall be considered as a period of service with an Employer for purposes of determining an Employee s or Participant s Years of Service. (g) If prior to 2006 an entity became a Controlled Group Member (or was otherwise acquired by the Company or Sara Lee Corporation) and such entity adopted the Plan or the SLC Plan in accordance with its terms and became covered under the Plan or the SLC Plan (or the Company or Sara Lee Corporation extended the Plan or the SLC Plan to Employees of such entity), then the Committee, in its discretion, may decide (but may not revoke a previous Committee decision hereunder) to include as Years of Service all or part of the service of employees who were employed by the entity prior to the date the entity became a Controlled Group Member and who became employees of the Controlled Group in connection with the acquisition of such entity. Any such service treated as Years of Service under this subparagraph (g) shall be granted in a nondiscriminatory manner to Participants similarly situated and in no event shall such service be treated as Credited Service. (h) If the Company shall sell the stock or substantially all of the assets of a Controlled Group Member or of an unincorporated division of the Company, or cease or limit operations at one or more locations 

-11- of a division or Controlled Group Member, then the Committee, in its discretion, may decide to fully vest Participants who cease to be Employees as a result of such event in their monthly benefits under the Plan; provided that such discretion shall be exercised in a nondiscriminatory manner with respect to Participants similarly situated. (i) For purposes of Section 4 below, for any Participant who was not actively employed by a Controlled Group Member on or after June 30, 2005, any period of service with an Employer before he or she has attained age 18 years shall be disregarded for purposes of the Plan. (j) If a Participant becomes Totally Disabled, the period during which such a Participant remains Totally Disabled shall be included in his or her Years of Service. For purposes of Sections 4 and 5, such period shall end with his or her Separation Date. (k) For purposes of Section 4 below, a Participant s number of Years of Service for any period of his or her service occurring before January 1, 1990 shall in no event be less than the number of his or her Years of Service as determined under the terms of the former SLC Plan as in effect immediately before July 1, 1989. (l) A Participant shall be deemed to have continued in service (and thus to have continued accruing Years of Service and not to have incurred a Separation Date) for any period for which he or she shall be required to be given credit for service under any laws of the United States. (m) Subject to the requirements of applicable law, Years of Service shall be granted under the Plan for periods of Military Service in cases where a Participant directly left employment with an Employer to enter Military Service, served satisfactorily in the military for periods not exceeding the time limits specified in the applicable federal statute relating to reemployment of employees returning from Military Service, upon discharge was protected by veterans reemployment rights, and the Participant made a timely application in accordance with such statute for reemployment. (n) If a Participant dies while performing qualified military service (within the meaning of Section 414(u)(5) of the Code), such Participant shall be credited with Years of Service for the period of his or her qualified military service for vesting purposes. -12- SECTION 3 PARTICIPATION The following individuals are eligible to be Participants in the Plan: (a) Each individual who was a participant in the SLC Plan on December 31, 2005 or who was then entitled to receive a benefit pursuant to the SLC Plan and whose Frozen Benefits (as defined in subsection 1.1 above) were transferred from the SLC Plan to this Plan on that date (including a Pannill Participant, Champion Participant, Champion Hourly Participant, Adams- Millis Participant, and Adams-Millis Salaried Participant, as defined in Supplements B-E and G of the Plan) became a Participant in this Plan as of the Effective Date. (b) Each current or former Employee entitled to a benefit under a Merged Plan (including a Playtex Participant, an NTX Participant, and a Maidenform Participant) became a Participant in this Plan as of the date specified in the Supplement applicable to the Merged Plan. Except as described above, no individual shall be eligible to become a Participant in the Plan. 

-13- SECTION 4 PENSION BENEFITS (BASED ON SLC BENEFITS PART OF SLC PLAN) 4.1 Pension Benefit Certain Participants had accrued all or a portion of their Frozen Benefits pursuant to the terms of the SLC Benefits Part of the SLC Plan applicable to them as of December 31, 2005 (referred to herein as their Pension Benefit under this Plan). The provisions of this Section 4 apply solely to Participants Pension Benefits (if any) under the Plan, and shall not apply to Participants Retirement Benefits (if any) under Section 5 below or to Playtex, NTX and Maidenform Participants (as defined in Supplements J, K, and L, respectively), except as specifically provided. No additional Pension Benefit (or any other benefits) shall accrue on or after the Effective Date and no period of service or compensation earned on or after the Effective Date shall be taken into account in determining the amount of any Participant s Pension Benefit. 4.2 Normal Retirement Subject to Section 8 of the Plan, the amount of monthly Pension Benefit payable to a Participant who retires on a Normal Retirement Date shall be an amount equal to the amount of monthly benefit payable at the Participant s Normal Retirement Date that he or she had accrued as of December 31, 2005 under the terms of the SLC Benefits Part of the SLC Plan applicable to the Participant as of that date, namely: (a) 1.75 of the Participant s Final Monthly Compensation, multiplied by such Participant s years of Credited Service not in excess of 35, less (b) The Applicable Percentage (as defined below) of the Participant s Final 3-Year Monthly Compensation not in excess of the Participant s Covered Compensation multiplied by such Participant s years of Credited Service not in excess of 35. The Applicable Percentage for purposes of this Section shall mean 0.60 if the Participant s Social Security Retirement Age is 65; 0.55 if the Participant s Social Security Retirement Age is 66; and 0.50 if the Participant s Social Security Retirement Age is 67. All references herein to the basis for determining a Participant s monthly Pension Benefit including the amounts of Credited Service, Compensation, Final Monthly Compensation, Final 3-Year Monthly Compensation, Covered Compensation, and the Minimum Pension Benefit shall be to those amounts determined with respect to that Participant as of December 31, 2005 under the terms found in Supplement H to the Plan (such terms to be administered in a manner equivalent to the applicable terms of the SLC Benefits Part of the SLC Plan then applicable to the Participant as maintained in the Committee s records). -14- Subject to the requirements of subsection 6.2 or the Participant s election of an optional form of payment under Section 6, such monthly benefit shall be payable during the Participant s lifetime, with the first payment commencing on the Participant s Normal Retirement Date and the last payment being the payment due immediately preceding or coincident with the Participant s death. 4.3 Early Retirement Subject to Section 8 of the Plan, a Participant who retires on an Early Retirement Date shall be entitled to a Pension Benefit, commencing on such Participant s Normal Retirement Date, in an amount determined under subsection 4.2 above. In lieu of a Pension Benefit commencing at Normal Retirement Date, a Participant may elect to receive a monthly benefit commencing on such Participant s Early Retirement Date or on the first day of any later month prior to his or her Normal Retirement Date. The amount of such monthly benefit shall be determined as follows: (a) First, by reducing the amount determined in accordance with subparagraph 4.2(a) above by 5/12 of one percent thereof for each month by which the date of commencement of such benefit precedes the first day of the month coincident with or next following the month in which the Participant attains age 62. (b) Next, the amount determined under subparagraph 4.3(a) above shall be reduced by an amount determined in accordance with subparagraph 4.2(b) above, but based upon such Participant s Applicable Percentage derived from the following table of Applicable Percentages: 

-15- Number of Months Prior to Normal Retirement Date at Date Payment Commences Attained Age Social Security Retirement Age 65 66 67 1 to 35 62 or older .600 .550 .500 36 62 .600 .550 .500 48 61 .550 .500 .475 60 60 .500 .475 .450 72 59 .475 .450 .425 84 58 .450 .425 .400 96 57 .425 .400 .375 108 56 .400 .375 .344 120 55 .375 .344 .316 If the number of months by which commencement of payment of the Participant s Pension Benefit precedes the Participant s Normal Retirement Date is not shown in the above table, the Applicable Percentage shall be determined by interpolation between the nearest two values. Subject to the requirements of subsection 6.2 or the Participant s election of an optional form of payment under Section 6, such monthly benefit shall be payable to the Participant on the first day of each calendar month during the Participant s lifetime, with the last payment being the payment due immediately preceding or coincident with the Participant s death. 4.4 Late Retirement A Participant who continues in the employ of an Employer or other Controlled Group Member after his or her Normal Retirement Date shall be entitled to a Pension Benefit, commencing on the earlier of his or her Late Retirement Date or Required Commencement Date. Subject to Section 8 of the Plan, the amount of such monthly Pension Benefit shall be computed in accordance with subsection 4.2 above, but shall be actuarially increased to reflect the aggregate amount of monthly payments which were not paid to such Participant for those calendar months, if any, beginning after the Participant s Normal Retirement Date during which the Participant completed less than 40 Hours of Service. Subject to the requirements of subsection 6.2 or the Participant s election of an alternate form of payment under Section 6 below, such monthly Pension Benefit shall be payable to the Participant on the first day of each calendar month during the Participant s lifetime, with the last payment being the payment due immediately preceding or coincident with the Participant s death. In no event shall the amount of monthly Pension Benefit payable to a Participant under this subsection 4.4 be less than the monthly Pension Benefit the Participant would have received had he or she retired on his or her Normal Retirement Date. Any actuarial adjustments required pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this subsection shall be determined using the Alternative Actuarial Equivalent assumptions specified in subparagraph 2.2(b). -16- 4.5 Monthly Deferred Vested Pension Benefit Each Participant whose employment is terminated before his or her Retirement Date for any reason other than death and who has completed at least five Years of Service shall have a nonforfeitable and fully vested right to a monthly deferred vested Pension Benefit commencing at his or her Normal Retirement Date in an amount determined in accordance with subsection 4.2 above. The payment options specified under subsection 6.4 (except for the 50 and 75 Contingent Annuitant Option under subparagraph 6.4(b)) shall not be available to a Participant who is entitled to a monthly deferred vested Pension Benefit under this subsection 4.5. In lieu of payment of a monthly deferred vested Pension Benefit commencing at Normal Retirement Date in accordance with the preceding sentence, a Participant may elect to have his or her monthly deferred vested Pension Benefit be paid in an Actuarially Equivalent reduced amount as of the later of (i) the first day of any month occurring on or after his or her attainment of age 55 years; or (ii) the first day of any month following the date of his or her termination of employment but before his or her Normal Retirement Date; provided, that such an election shall be filed with the Plan Administrator at least 30 days before payments are to commence. 4.6 Surviving Spouse s Benefit A monthly surviving Spouse s benefit shall be payable to the surviving Spouse of a Participant who is entitled to a Pension Benefit under this Section 4 and who dies after termination of employment with all Employers and other Controlled Group Members but before the date upon which payment of the monthly Pension Benefit is to commence. Such monthly surviving Spouse s benefit shall be in an amount equal to the amount determined in accordance with and payable pursuant to the applicable one of the following: (a) If the Participant s death occurs after incurring a termination of employment with all Employers and other Controlled Group Members and prior to his or her Early Retirement Date, the amount of such monthly surviving Spouse s benefit shall be an amount equal to one-half of the amount of monthly deferred vested Pension Benefit, payable in the form of the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity to which the Participant would have been entitled under subsection 6.2 commencing on the first day of the month coincident with or next following the Participant s 55th birthday or, if later, the date of the Participant s death. Unless the surviving Spouse elects otherwise as described below, payment of the monthly surviving Spouse s benefit under this subparagraph (a) shall commence as of the first day of the month coincident with or next following the date the Participant would have attained age 55 years or, if later, the first day of the month coincident with or next following the Participant s death. (b) If the Participant s death occurs after retirement on an Early Retirement Date, but before payment of the Participant s monthly Pension Benefit is to commence, the amount of such monthly 

-17- surviving Spouse s benefit shall be an amount equal to one-half of the amount of monthly Pension Benefit, payable in the form of the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity to which the Participant would have been entitled under subsection 6.2 commencing on the first day of the month coincident with or next following the date of the Participant s death. Unless the surviving Spouse elects otherwise as described below, payment of a monthly surviving Spouse s benefit under this subparagraph (b) shall commence on the first day of the month coincident with or next following the Participant s death. A monthly surviving Spouse s benefit payable under this subsection 4.6 shall be payable commencing on the applicable date specified above and on the first day of each calendar month thereafter during the surviving Spouse s lifetime with the last payment being the payment due next preceding or coincident with such surviving Spouse s death; provided, however, that if the Participant had not attained his or her Normal Retirement Age prior to his or her death, the Participant s surviving Spouse must consent to the commencement of payments to be made pursuant to subparagraphs 4.6(a) or 4.6(b) or may elect to commence receipt of such benefit on the first day of any subsequent month; provided further, that payment of the surviving Spouse s benefit shall commence no later than the first day of the month coincident with or next following the date on which the Participant would have attained his or her Normal Retirement Age. The benefit under this subsection 4.6 payable to a surviving Spouse who does not consent to immediate commencement of benefits shall be computed as if the Participant had deferred commencement of his Pension Benefit until the day benefits under this subsection 4.6 actually are to commence. 4.7 Active Employee Death Benefit A death benefit shall be payable to the beneficiary or beneficiaries of a Participant who dies after completion of five Years of Service or after attainment of Normal Retirement Age and whose death occurs while in the employ of an Employer or other Controlled Group Member (or after the Participant has ceased active employment on account of Total Disability, which Total Disability continued until his or her date of death), subject to the following: (a) If the Participant is legally married on the date of his or her death, the Participant s surviving Spouse shall be the beneficiary of the death benefit, which shall be a monthly benefit equal to 50 percent of the amount of monthly pension that would be payable to the Participant for his or her life only commencing at his or her Normal Retirement Date (or in the case of a Participant who dies after attainment of Normal Retirement Age, commencing as of the first day of the month coincident with or next following the date of his or her death). Payment of the Spouse s monthly death benefit shall commence on the first day of the month coincident or next following the Participant s death, with the last payment being the payment due next preceding or coincident with the Spouse s death; -18- provided, however, that if the Participant had not attained his or her Normal Retirement Age prior to his or her death, the Participant s surviving Spouse must consent to the commencement of payments to be made pursuant to this subparagraph or may elect to commence receipt of such benefit on the first day of any subsequent month; provided further, that payment of the surviving Spouse s benefit shall commence no later than the first day of the month coincident with or next following the date on which the Participant would have attained his or her Normal Retirement Age. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the surviving Spouse may elect, within 60 days of being notified of his or her right to such election, to receive the Alternative Actuarial Equivalent of the monthly death benefit in the form of a single lump sum payment, in lieu of such monthly death benefit, payable as soon as possible following the Participant s death. (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, a married Participant may elect alternative or additional beneficiaries, other than the Participant s Spouse, to receive the death benefit or a portion of the death benefit that would otherwise be payable to the Participant s Spouse. The Participant may make or change this election at any time prior to his or her death by delivering to the Plan Administrator a written statement naming the alternative or additional beneficiaries. A Participant s election of alternative or additional beneficiaries, other than the Participant s Spouse, under this subsection 4.7 shall be effective only if the Participant obtains his or her Spouse s written, notarized consent to the naming of alternative or additional beneficiary or beneficiaries. (c) If the Participant is not legally married on the date of his or her death, the death benefit shall be paid to the Participant s designated beneficiary or beneficiaries. (d) If any portion of the death benefit is payable to a beneficiary who is not the Participant s Spouse, that portion shall be paid in a single lump sum, which shall be the Alternative Actuarial Equivalent of the monthly death benefit that would otherwise be payable to a surviving Spouse determined assuming the Participant s Spouse was the same age as the Participant. The lump sum death benefit shall be paid to the beneficiary or beneficiaries as soon as possible following the Participant s death. (e) If the Participant elects more than one beneficiary, including the Participant s Spouse, to receive the death benefit, the percentage of the death benefit to be paid to each beneficiary shall be paid in accordance with the designation by the Participant. If one or more 

-19- of the beneficiaries have predeceased the Participant, the amount of the benefits to be paid to the remaining beneficiaries shall be determined proportionately, in accordance with the Participant s election. (f) If a Participant has not named a beneficiary or if all named beneficiaries have predeceased the Participant, a single lump sum payment shall be made in the following manner: (i) to the Participant s surviving Spouse, if any or (ii) if the Participant does not have a surviving Spouse, to or for the benefit of the legal representative or representatives of the Participant s estate. Such lump sum payment shall be the Alternative Actuarial Equivalent of the monthly death benefit otherwise payable to a Spouse assuming the Participant s Spouse was the same age as the Participant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if payment is to be made to a surviving Spouse, the surviving Spouse may elect, within 60 days of being notified of his or her right to such election, to receive a monthly death benefit or the Alternative Actuarial Equivalent of the monthly death benefit in the form of a single lump sum payment. (g) For purposes of this subsection 4.7, if the surviving Spouse elects to receive a single lump sum payment equal to the Alternative Actuarial Equivalent of the monthly death benefit that would otherwise be payable, or if the designated beneficiary is not the surviving Spouse, the death benefit shall be the greater of the lump sum: (i) calculated using the Participant s age or the Spouse s age, as applicable, and the interest rate assumption in effect at the date of the Participant s death, plus interest due for the period between the date of the Participant s death and the date of distribution calculated using the interest rate in effect under subsection 6.13; or (ii) calculated using the Participant s age or the Spouse s age, as applicable, and interest rate assumption in effect at the date of distribution, adjusted for the amount of the monthly payments that would have been made during the period between the date of the Participant s death and the date of distribution, including interest calculated using the interest rate in effect under subsection 6.13. (h) Once a Participant terminates employment, the death benefit described in this subsection 4.7 shall no longer be available, and the Participant s designation of a beneficiary to receive the active employee death benefit under this subsection 4.7 shall expire. However, upon the Participant s termination of employment, the Participant s Spouse shall be eligible to receive any applicable -20- surviving Spouse s benefit in accordance with subsection 4.6 next above. (i) In the event a Participant retires and begins receiving Pension Benefits hereunder, and is rehired by an Employer or Controlled Group Member on or after August 1, 2015, such Participant shall not become eligible for the death benefit described in this subsection 4.7 following his or her reemployment. 

-21- SECTION 5 RETIREMENT BENEFITS (BASED ON SLBA BENEFITS PART OF SLC PLAN) 5.1 Retirement Benefit Certain Participants had accrued all or a portion of their Frozen Benefits pursuant to the terms of the SLBA Benefits Part of the SLC Plan applicable to them as of December 31, 2005 (referred herein as their Retirement Benefit under this Plan). The provisions of this Section 5 apply solely to Participants Retirement Benefits (if any) under the Plan, and shall not apply to Participants Pension Benefits (if any) under Section 4 above or to Playtex, NTXand Maidenform Participants (as defined in Supplements J, K, and L, respectively), except as specifically provided. No additional Retirement Benefit (or any other benefits) shall accrue on or after the Effective Date and no period of service or compensation earned on or after the Effective Date shall be taken into account in determining the amount of any Participant s Retirement Benefit. 5.2 Normal Retirement Subject to Section 8 of the Plan, the amount of monthly Retirement Benefit payable to a Participant who retires on a Normal Retirement Date shall be an amount equal to the amount of monthly benefit payable at the Participant s Normal Retirement Date that he or she had accrued as of December 31, 2005 under the terms of the SLBA Benefits Part of the SLC Plan applicable to the Participant as of that date, as determined in accordance with Supplement I to the Plan (such provisions of Supplement I to be administered in a manner equivalent to the applicable terms of the SLBA Benefits Part of the SLC Plan then applicable to the Participant as maintained in the Committee s records). Subject to the requirements of subsection 6.2 or the Participant s election of an optional form of payment under Section 6, such monthly Retirement Benefit shall be payable during the Participant s lifetime, with the first payment commencing on the Participant s Normal Retirement Date and the last payment being the payment due immediately preceding or coincident with the Participant s death. 5.3 Early Retirement Subject to Section 8 of the Plan, a Participant who retires on an Early Retirement Date shall be entitled to a Retirement Benefit, commencing on such Participant s Normal Retirement Date, in an amount determined under subsection 5.2 above and payable in accordance with Section 6 of the Plan. In lieu of a Retirement Benefit commencing at Normal Retirement Date, a Participant may elect to receive a monthly Retirement Benefit commencing on such Participant s Early Retirement Date or on the first day of any later month prior to his or her Normal Retirement Date. The amount of such monthly Retirement Benefit shall be reduced to take into account the Participant s younger age and the early commencement of his or her -22- Retirement Benefit as determined above in this subsection 5.3, by the following applicable factor: Participant s Attained Birthday on Date Benefits Commence Applicable Factor (Interpolate for Months) 55 .500 56 .540 57 .580 58 .620 59 .660 60 .700 61 .760 62 .820 63 .880 64 .940 65 1.00 Such election must be in writing and filed with the Committee at such time as the Committee shall determine. 5.4 Late Retirement A Participant who continues in the employ of an Employer or Controlled Group Member after his or her Normal Retirement Date shall be entitled to a monthly Retirement Benefit, commencing on the earlier of his or her Late Retirement Date or Required Commencement Date, and payable in accordance with Section 6. Subject to Section 8 of the Plan, the amount of his or her monthly benefit shall be computed in accordance with subsection 5.2 above, but shall be actuarially increased to reflect the aggregate amount of monthly benefit payments which were not paid to such Participant for those calendar months (if any) beginning on or after his or her Normal Retirement Date during which he or she completed less than 40 hours of service. In no event shall the amount of monthly retirement income payable to a Participant under this subsection 5.4 be less than the monthly retirement income the Participant would have received had he or she retired on his or her Normal Retirement Date. Any actuarial adjustments required pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this subsection shall be determined using the Alternative Actuarial Equivalent assumptions specified in subparagraph 2.2(b). 5.5 Monthly Deferred Vested Retirement Benefit A Participant whose employment with all of the Employers is terminated before his or her Retirement Date for any reason other than death, but after the Participant has completed five or more Years of Service, shall be entitled to a monthly deferred vested Retirement Benefit commencing on his or her Normal Retirement Date and payable in accordance with Section 6 below, in an amount determined in accordance with subsection 5.2 above. The payment options specified under subsection 6.4 (except for the 50 and 75 Contingent Annuitant Option under subparagraph 6.4(b)) shall not be available to a Participant 

-23- who is entitled to a monthly deferred vested Retirement Benefit under this subsection 5.5. A Participant who is entitled to a monthly deferred vested Retirement Benefit in accordance with the first sentence of this subsection 5.5 and who has completed at least 10 Years of Service may elect to have such benefit commence as of the first day of any month on or after he or she attains age 55 years but before his or her Normal Retirement Date; provided such benefit shall be reduced by the applicable factors in the table in subsection 5.3 to reflect the Participant s younger age and the earlier commencement of his or her benefits. 5.6 Surviving Spouse s Benefit A monthly surviving Spouse s benefit shall be payable to the surviving Spouse of a Participant who dies after termination of employment with all Employers and other Controlled Group Members and who is entitled to a Retirement Benefit under this Section 5 but dies before the date upon which payment of the Participant s monthly Retirement Benefit is to commence. Such monthly surviving Spouse s benefit shall be in an amount equal to the amount determined in accordance with and payable pursuant to the applicable one of the following: (a) If the Participant s death occurs after terminating employment with all Employers and other Controlled Group Members and prior to his or her Early Retirement Date, the amount of such monthly surviving Spouse s benefit shall be an amount equal to one-half of the amount of monthly deferred vested Retirement Benefit, payable in the form of the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity to which the Participant would have been entitled under subsection 6.2, based on the Participant s vested Retirement Benefit determined as of his or her date of death. Unless the surviving Spouse elects otherwise as described below, payment of the monthly surviving Spouse s benefit under this subparagraph (a) shall commence on the first day of the month coincident with or next following the later of the date the Participant would first have been able to begin receiving Retirement Benefits or the Participant s death. (b) If the Participant s death occurs after retirement on an Early Retirement Date, but before payment of the Participant s monthly Retirement Benefit is to commence, the amount of such monthly surviving Spouse s benefit shall be an amount equal to one-half of the amount of monthly Retirement Benefit, payable in the form of the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity to which the Participant would have been entitled under subsection 6.2 commencing on the first day of the month coincident or next following the date of the Participant s death. Unless the surviving Spouse elects otherwise as described below, payment of a monthly surviving Spouse s benefit under this subparagraph (b) shall commence on the first day of the month coincident with or next following the Participant s death. -24- A monthly surviving Spouse s benefit payable under this subsection 5.6 shall be payable commencing on the applicable date specified above and on the first day of each calendar month thereafter during the surviving Spouse s lifetime with the last payment being the payment due next preceding or coincident with such surviving Spouse s death; provided, however, that if the Participant had not attained his or her Normal Retirement Age prior to his or her death, the Participant s surviving Spouse must consent to the commencement of payments to be made pursuant to subparagraphs 5.6(a) or 5.6(b) or may elect to commence receipt of such benefit on the first day of any subsequent month; provided further, that payment of the surviving Spouse s benefit shall commence no later than the first day of the month coincident with or next following the date on which the Participant would have attained his or her Normal Retirement Age. The benefit under this subsection 5.6 payable to a surviving Spouse who does not consent to immediate commencement of benefits shall be computed as if the Participant had deferred commencement of his Retirement Benefit until the day benefits under this subsection 5.6 actually are to commence. 5.7 Active Employee Death Benefit A death benefit shall be payable to the beneficiary or beneficiaries of a Participant who dies after completion of five Years of Service or after attainment of Normal Retirement Age and whose death occurs while in the employ of an Employer or other Controlled Group Member, subject to the following: (a) If the Participant is legally married on the date of his or her death, the Participant s surviving Spouse shall be the beneficiary of the death benefit, which shall be a monthly benefit equal to 50 percent of the amount of the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity that would have been payable to the Participant commencing on the first day of the month coincident or next following his or her death. Payment of the Spouse s monthly death benefit shall commence on the first day of the month coincident with or next following the Participant s death, with the last payment being the payment due next preceding or coincident with the Spouse s death; provided, however, that if the Participant had not attained his or her Normal Retirement Age prior to his or her death, the Participant s surviving Spouse must consent to the commencement of payments to be made pursuant to this subparagraph or may elect to commence receipt of such benefit on the first day of any subsequent month; provided further, that payment of the surviving Spouse s benefit shall commence no later than the first day of the month coincident with or next following the date on which the Participant would have attained his or her Normal Retirement Age. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the surviving Spouse may elect, within 60 days of being notified of his or her right to such election, to receive the Alternative Actuarial Equivalent of the monthly death benefit in the form of a single lump sum payment, in lieu of 

-25- such monthly death benefit, payable as soon as possible following the Participant s death. (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, a married Participant may elect alternative or additional beneficiaries, other than the Participant s Spouse, to receive the death benefit or a portion of the death benefit that would otherwise be payable to the Participant s Spouse. The Participant may make or change this election at any time prior to his or her death by delivering to the Plan Administrator a written statement naming the alternative or additional beneficiaries. A Participant s election of alternative or additional beneficiaries, other than the Participant s Spouse, under this subsection 5.7 shall be effective only if the Participant obtains his or her Spouse s written, notarized consent to the naming of alternative or additional beneficiary or beneficiaries. (c) If the Participant is not legally married on the date of his or her death, the death benefit shall be paid to the Participant s designated beneficiary or beneficiaries. (d) If any portion of the death benefit is payable to a beneficiary who is not the Participant s Spouse, that portion shall be paid in a single lump sum, which shall be the Alternative Actuarial Equivalent of the monthly death benefit that would otherwise be payable to a surviving Spouse determined assuming the Participant s Spouse was the same age as the Participant. The lump sum death benefit shall be paid to the beneficiary or beneficiaries as soon as possible following the Participant s death. (e) If the Participant elects more than one beneficiary, including the Participant s Spouse, to receive the death benefit, the percentage of the death benefit to be paid to each beneficiary shall be paid in accordance with the designation by the Participant. If one or more of the beneficiaries have predeceased the Participant, the amount of the benefits to be paid to the remaining beneficiaries shall be determined proportionately, in accordance with the Participant s election. (f) If a Participant has not named a beneficiary or if all named beneficiaries have predeceased the Participant, a single lump sum payment shall be made in the following manner: (i) to the Participant s surviving Spouse, if any or (ii) if the Participant does not have a surviving Spouse, to or for the benefit of the legal representative or representatives of the Participant s estate. Such lump sum payment shall be the Alternative Actuarial Equivalent of the monthly death benefit otherwise payable to a Spouse assuming -26- the Participant s Spouse was the same age as the Participant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if payment is to be made to a surviving Spouse, the surviving Spouse may elect, within 60 days of being notified of his or her right to such election, to receive a monthly death benefit or the Alternative Actuarial Equivalent of the monthly death benefit in the form of a single lump sum payment. (g) For purposes of this subsection 5.7, if the surviving Spouse elects to receive a single lump sum payment equal to the Alternative Actuarial Equivalent of the monthly death benefit that would otherwise be payable, or if the designated beneficiary is not the surviving Spouse, the death benefit shall be the greater of the lump sum: (i) calculated using the Participant s age or the Spouse s age, as applicable, and the interest rate assumption in effect at the date of the Participant s death, plus interest due for the period between the date of the Participant s death and the date of distribution calculated using the interest rate in effect under subsection 6.13; or (ii) calculated using the Participant s age or the Spouse s age, as applicable, and interest rate assumption in effect at the date of distribution, adjusted for the amount of the monthly payments that would have been made during the period between the date of the Participant s death and the date of distribution, including interest calculated using the interest rate in effect under subsection 6.13. (h) Once a Participant terminates employment, the death benefit described in this subsection 5.7 shall no longer be available, and the Participant s designation of a beneficiary to receive the active employee death benefit under this subsection 5.7 shall expire. However, upon the Participant s termination of employment, the Participant s Spouse shall be eligible to receive any applicable surviving Spouse s benefit in accordance with subsection 5.6 next above. (i) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event a death benefit is payable under this subsection, either in annuity form or as a lump sum, prior to the date the Participant would have attained age 55, such benefit shall be the Alternative Actuarial Equivalent of 50 percent of the benefit the Participant would have received under the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity commencing on the first day of the month coincident with or next following his 55th birthday. (j) In the event a Participant retires and begins receiving Retirement Benefits hereunder, and is rehired by an Employer or Controlled Group Member on or after August 1, 2015, such Participant shall 

-27- not become eligible for the death benefit described in this subsection 5.7 following his or her reemployment. -28- SECTION 6 PAYMENT OF BENEFITS 6.1 Normal Form of Payment Except as otherwise specifically provided in subsections 6.2 through 6.5 below, payments to a Participant of Pension Benefits under Section 4 above and/or Retirement Benefits under Section 5 above (collectively referred to below at times as the Participant s benefit, monthly benefit, or benefit payment(s) shall be made monthly, with the first payment to be made on the Participant s Normal Retirement Date (or such earlier or later date as may be determined under the Plan). Thereafter, such monthly benefit payments shall be payable on the first day of each calendar month during the Participant s lifetime. 6.2 Qualified and Optional Joint and Survivor Annuities If a Participant is legally married on the date benefit payments are to commence, such Participant s monthly benefit shall be payable in the form of a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity, in lieu of the normal form and amount of payment described in subsection 6.1 above. Such Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity shall provide for payment of a reduced monthly benefit during the Participant s lifetime, and upon the Participant s death, a continuing payment to the Participant s surviving Spouse for the balance of the Spouse s lifetime in an amount equal to 50 percent of the monthly benefit payable to the Participant while living. In lieu of this Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity, the Participant may elect to receive a Qualified Optional Survivor Annuity, which provides a reduced monthly benefit during the Participant s lifetime, and upon the Participant s death, provides a continuing payment to the Participant s surviving Spouse for the balance of the Spouse s lifetime in an amount equal to 75 percent of the amount payable to the Participant while living. However, benefits shall be paid to a Participant s Spouse under this subsection only if the Participant and Spouse were married when the Participant s benefit payments commenced. Payments to a Participant under this subsection 6.2 shall commence at the time specified in subsection 6.1 above. However, payment of a Participant s benefit shall not be made under this subsection 6.2 if the Participant files an election with the Plan Administrator, in accordance with subsection 6.3 below, to receive payment in the form of a single life annuity as described in subsection 6.1 above, or if the Participant elects an optional form of payment under this Section 6. The amount of the monthly benefit payment under this subsection 6.2 shall be the Actuarial Equivalent of the amount of the benefit under subsection 6.1; provided that, benefits payable in the form of the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity benefit shall be adjusted as necessary to satisfy the most valuable annuity requirements of the Code, Treasury Regulations Section 1.401(a)-20, and applicable guidance issued thereunder. 6.3 Election to Waive Qualified/Optional Survivor Annuities A Participant may make a written election to waive the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity at any time during the 180-day period ending on the date payment of his or her benefit commences. Such an election shall be effective only if the Participant s Spouse consents to the election in writing and such consent acknowledges the effect of the election and is 

-29- witnessed by a notary public. Notwithstanding the foregoing, spousal consent shall not be required if the Participant certifies, in a manner satisfactory to the Committee, that his or her Spouse cannot be located. No less than 30 days and no more than 180 days before a Participant begins to receive a benefit under this Section 6, the Plan Administrator shall furnish the Participant with a written explanation of (i) the terms and conditions of the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity and the Qualified Optional Survivor Annuity under subsection 6.2 above, (ii) the relative value of each form of payment available to the Participant in a manner that satisfies the notice requirements of Section 417(a)(3) of the Code and the regulations thereunder, (iii) the Participant s right to make, and the effect of, an election to waive the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity, (iv) the requirements of spousal consent to such waiver, and (v) the Participant s right to make, and the effect of, a revocation of such a waiver. Such explanation may be provided less than 30 days before the Participant s benefit commencement date if either: (a) the Participant so elects, with spousal consent, and his or her annuity commences at least 7 days after the explanation is provided, or (b) the explanation is provided after the Participant s Retroactive Annuity Starting Date (as defined below) and the actual distribution commences at least 30 days after the explanation is provided. An election under this subsection 6.3 may be revoked by a Participant at any time prior to the date payment of his or her benefits commences. For purposes of this subsection 6.3, a Participant s Spouse means the Spouse to whom the Participant was married at the date payment of his or her benefits commenced. A married Participant shall be required to obtain spousal consent under this subsection 6.3 for the election of any form of payment other than the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity. A Participant s Annuity Starting Date means the first day of the first period for which an amount is payable as an annuity, or in case of a benefit not payable in the form of an annuity, the first day on which all events have occurred which entitle the Participant to such benefit. . A Retroactive Annuity Starting Date is an Annuity Starting Date that occurs on or before the date on which the written explanation described in this subsection 6.3 is provided to a Participant. Under the Plan, a Retroactive Annuity Starting Date may only be (i) the first day of the month following a Participant s termination of employment, assuming the Participant is eligible to commence payments at such date, or (ii) the Participant s Normal Retirement Date. The Committee shall adopt administrative procedures for benefit calculations using a Retroactive Annuity Starting Date. In the event that a Participant otherwise satisfied the requirements to receive a benefit calculated as of a certain Annuity Starting Date and there was a failure to provide the written explanation described in this subsection 6.3 within the requisite time frame prior to the requested Annuity Starting Date, the Participant may choose between the following: (a) Subject to the requirements of the Code, a benefit calculated as of a future Annuity Starting Date and commencing on such date that complies with this subsection 6.3, which benefit shall be adjusted in accordance with the applicable Plan factors to reflect commencement on such future Annuity Starting Date; or (b) The sum of monthly benefits that otherwise would have been payable from the Participant s Retroactive Annuity Starting Date -30- or Normal Retirement Date (as applicable), accumulated with interest at the 30-year Treasury rate published for the month of October immediately preceding the Plan Year in which such payment is made, as of his or her benefit commencement date in a lump sum, with the monthly benefit calculated as of his or her Retroactive Annuity Starting Date or Normal Retirement Date (as applicable) paid thereafter. The monthly benefit shall be payable in any form permissible under the Plan except for the Period Certain Annuity, the Social Security Adjustment Option, or a lump sum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participant covered under this subparagraph (b) who has already passed his or her Normal Retirement Date may receive his or her benefit in any form permissible under the Plan. An election under this subparagraph (b) shall be effective only if made within 60 days after the Participant is notified of his or her right to elect a Retroactive Annuity Starting Date and if the election and distribution comply with the requirements of Section 417 of the Code and Treasury Regulations issued thereunder, including spousal consent, calculation, benefit limitation, and benefit timing requirements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the choice between the options described in subparagraphs (a) and (b) above shall not apply to a Participant who has already passed his or her Normal Retirement Date. Such Participant s benefit shall be paid in accordance with subparagraph (b) above with a Retroactive Annuity Starting Date of the later of the Participant s Normal Retirement Date or the first of the month next following the Participant s termination of employment. In addition, notwithstanding the foregoing, the option described in subparagraph (b) above shall not be available to a Participant who is entitled to a monthly deferred vested Pension Benefit or Retirement Benefit pursuant to Section 4 or 5, respectively, unless that Participant has already passed his or her Normal Retirement Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the payment of benefits to a Participant who commences his or her benefit after the Participant s requested Annuity Starting Date or Normal Retirement Date, as applicable, due solely to administrative delay shall be subject to subsection 6.13. 6.4 Optional Forms of Payment In lieu of the form and amount of benefit specified in subsection 6.1 or 6.2 above, and subject to the next following sentence, in the event a participant terminates employment on a Normal, Early or Late Retirement Date, a Participant may elect one of the following optional forms of payment subject to the requirements of subsection 6.6 below (each of which is Actuarially Equivalent to the form of payment specified in subsection 6.1). The payment options specified below (except for the 50 and 75 Contingent Annuitant Option in subparagraph (b) below) shall not be available to a Participant who is entitled to a monthly deferred vested Pension Benefit or monthly deferred vested Retirement Benefit under subsection 4.5 or 5.5 above: 

-31- (a) Period Certain and Life Annuity. A reduced monthly benefit payable during the Participant s lifetime on the same payment dates set forth in Section 4 or 5 above as applicable, and, if the Participant dies within a period of ten years (or five or fifteen years, as elected by the Participant, in the case of a Pension Benefit or, effective for payments commencing on or after January 1, 2007, in the case of a Retirement Benefit) after the first monthly payment is made, a monthly benefit of the same amount payable for the balance of said period to the person or persons designated by the Participant as the beneficiary to receive such monthly benefit. However, if the Participant s designated beneficiary is a trust or the Participant s estate, the remaining monthly benefits shall be payable in an actuarially equivalent lump sum (determined pursuant to subsection 6.11). (b) Contingent Annuitant Option. A reduced monthly benefit payable during the Participant s lifetime on the same payment dates as set forth in Section 4 or 5 above as applicable, and, if the beneficiary designated by the Participant survives the Participant, a monthly benefit of the same amount (or three-quarters, two-thirds or one- half thereof, as indicated by the Participant in the election) payable to said beneficiary for life, commencing on the first day of the month next following the month in which the Participant dies and ending with the payment due next preceding or coincident with said beneficiary s death. (c) Period Certain Annuity (Retirement Benefits Only). An increased monthly Retirement Benefit payable to the Participant on the same dates set forth in Section 5 above, in equal monthly installments for a period certain elected by the Participant of not less than five years and not more than ten years and, if the Participant shall die prior to expiration of such period, a monthly Retirement Benefit of the same amount payable for the balance of such period to the person or persons designated by the Participant as the beneficiary to receive such monthly benefit. A Participant s Retirement Benefit under this subparagraph (c) shall be determined using Alternative Actuarial Equivalent assumptions. However, if the Participant s designated beneficiary is a trust or the Participant s estate, the remaining monthly benefits shall be payable in an actuarially equivalent lump sum (determined pursuant to subsection 6.11) (d) Social Security Adjustment Option (Pension Benefits Only). In the case of an otherwise eligible Participant who becomes entitled to receive a Pension Benefit under Section 4 above before the earliest -32- age at which the Participant is eligible to receive Social Security benefits, an increased monthly Pension Benefit payable prior to the time such Participant becomes eligible for benefits under Social Security and a reduced amount thereafter, in order that the Participant may receive, insofar as practicable, a constant total monthly amount of Pension Benefit and from Social Security benefits. A Participant s Pension Benefit under this subparagraph (d) shall be the Actuarial Equivalent of the normal form of payment provided under subsection 6.1 above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participant s Pension Benefit under this subparagraph (d) shall not be less than the Social Security Adjustment Option using Alternative Actuarial Equivalent assumptions. An election under this subparagraph (d) may be made with respect to a Pension Benefit in conjunction with an option available under subparagraph 6.4(a) or (b) above, but may not be made by a Participant who elects a Retroactive Annuity Starting Date under subsection 6.3 above. 6.5 Optional Forms of Payment Available to Participants Entitled to a Monthly Deferred Vested Pension Benefit or Retirement Benefit In lieu of a monthly benefit payable under the preceding applicable provisions of this Section 6, a Participant entitled to a monthly deferred vested Pension Benefit or monthly deferred vested Retirement Benefit under subsection 4.5 or 5.5, respectively, may elect, subject to the requirements of subsection 6.6 below, a 50 or 75 Contingent Annuitant Option which is a reduced monthly benefit payable during the Participant s lifetime on the same payment dates set forth in subsection 4.5 or 5.5 above, as applicable and, if the beneficiary designated by the Participant survives the Participant, a monthly benefit of 50 or 75 , as applicable, payable to said beneficiary for life, commencing on the first day of the month next following the month in which the Participant dies and ending with the payment due next preceding or coincident with said beneficiary s death. This optional form of payment shall commence no later than the date the Participant s benefit in the normal form would otherwise commence under subsection 6.1 and shall comply with the requirements of Section 401(a)(9) of the Code and the regulations thereunder. 6.6 Election and Discontinuance of Options A Participant s election of an optional form of payment specified in accordance with subsections 6.4 and 6.5 shall be subject to the following rules: (a) Election. Election of an optional form of payment payable under subsections 6.4 or 6.5 may be made by a Participant by delivering to the Plan Administrator a written request containing such provisions as the Plan Administrator may specify or require. 

-33- (b) Effective Date of Election. Election of an optional form of payment payable under subsection 6.4 or 6.5 is effective on the date payment of the Participant s benefit in the optional form is to commence. If a Participant has elected an optional form of payment but dies before payments in the optional form are to commence, no payments under the option shall be made to the Participant; provided, however, if the Participant is married at the time of death and has elected a Contingent Annuitant Option under subparagraph 6.4(b) or subsection 6.5 above with his or her surviving Spouse as beneficiary, then the monthly surviving Spouse s benefit payable under subsection 4.6 and/or 5.6, as applicable, shall be calculated based on that optional form of benefit elected by the Participant. (c) Death of Beneficiary of a Joint and Survivor Annuity or Contingent Annuitant Option. If a Participant elects the Joint and Survivor Annuity under subsection 6.2 or Contingent Annuitant Option under subparagraph 6.4(b) or subsection 6.5 and the person designated as beneficiary by the Participant dies before the date payments to the Participant commence, the option elected shall be automatically canceled, and the monthly payments payable to such Participant hereunder shall be made as though such election had not been made, unless another election can be and is made by the Participant. (d) Death of Beneficiary of Period Certain and Life Annuity or Period Certain Annuity. If a Participant elects the optional form of payment under subparagraph 6.4(a) or (c) and the person or persons designated as beneficiary by the Participant dies before the Participant, the option shall remain in effect and, unless the Participant designates another person or persons to receive any benefits payable under the option after the Participant s death, such benefits shall be payable in an actuarially equivalent lump sum (determined pursuant to subsection 6.11) in the following manner: (i) to the Participant s surviving Spouse, if any or (ii) if the Participant does not have a surviving Spouse, to or for the benefit of the legal representative or representatives of the Participant s estate. If the person or persons designated as beneficiary by the Participant dies after the Participant and before all benefits payable under the option have been paid to such beneficiary, such benefits shall be paid in a lump sum (determined pursuant to subsection 6.11) in the following manner: (i) to the beneficiary s surviving Spouse, if any or (ii) if the beneficiary does not have a surviving Spouse, to or for the benefit of the legal representative or representatives of the beneficiary s estate. -34- (e) Irrevocability of Option. An optional form may not be changed, canceled or revoked on or after the date payment under the optional form has commenced. (f) Change of Beneficiary after Payments Commence. A Participant may not change his or her beneficiary after commencing payment in the form of a Contingent Annuitant Option. A Participant who has elected payment in the form of a Period Certain and Life Annuity or Period Certain Annuity may change his or her beneficiary at any time if the Participant s Spouse consents to the change in accordance with subsection 6.3, if applicable. 6.7 Reemployment (a) If a former Employee who is receiving a monthly Pension Benefit and/or Retirement Benefit is reemployed by a Controlled Group Member on or after August 1, 2015, such Participant s Pension Benefit or Retirement Benefit shall continue to be paid to such Participant during the Participant s period of reemployment. (b) If a former Employee who was receiving a monthly Pension Benefit and/or Retirement Benefit was reemployed by a Controlled Group Member before August 1, 2015, the following rules applied: (i) If a former Employee who was receiving a monthly Pension Benefit and/or Retirement Benefit was reemployed by a Controlled Group Member other than as a temporary Employee (as defined below) before the Participant s Required Commencement Date (as defined in subsection 6.9 below), no Pension Benefit or Retirement Benefit shall be payable to such Participant during the Participant s period of reemployment (except as required by subsection 6.9 below). Upon termination of reemployment, payment of the Pension Benefit and/or Retirement Benefit to which the Participant was entitled prior to reemployment shall resume in an amount adjusted to reflect the applicable terms of the Plan as then in effect and shall be actuarially adjusted to reflect any payments the Participant previously received. If a Participant who is receiving a monthly Pension Benefit or Retirement Benefit is reemployed by a Controlled Group Member on or after such Participant s Required Commencement Date, payment of such Participant s monthly benefit shall be continued as if the Participant had not been reemployed, and such benefit shall be adjusted to the extent provided in subsection 4.4 or 5.4, as applicable. Any actuarial adjustments required pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this subparagraph shall be determined using Alternative Actuarial Equivalent assumptions. 

-35- (ii) Notwithstanding subparagraph (i) above, if a former Participant was reemployed on a temporary basis, his or her benefit payments continued. For this purpose, service of an Employee was deemed to be temporary if it was not expected to continue for more than three calendar months (or to aggregate to more than three calendar months in any Plan Year). If an Employee reentered service temporarily, and he or she subsequently continued in service for more than a temporary period (or otherwise changed from status as a temporary Employee to a non-temporary Employee), his or her benefit payments under the Plan shall thereupon ceased. (iii) A new annuity starting date applies to any additional benefit earned during any period of reemployment. 6.8 Suspension of Benefits In the event that a Participant continues working for a Controlled Group Member beyond Normal Retirement Age, the Plan Administrator shall issue a suspension of benefits notice to such Participant pursuant to the rules and procedures provided under Department of Labor regulations Section 2530.203-3. If the Plan Administrator fails to timely issue such suspension of benefits notice, the Participant s benefit shall be actuarially increased to reflect the value of the benefit payments suspended prior to issuance of the notice. For purposes of this subsection 6.8, the actuarial increase shall be determined using Alternative Actuarial Equivalent assumptions. In the event that the adjustments to the benefit amount are made after the annuity starting date due to actuarially increased benefits, the total of adjusted amounts shall be paid retroactively to the original annuity starting date, in one lump sum payment, including interest using the interest rate in effect under subsection 6.13. If the Participant and beneficiary are deceased when this retroactive adjustment is paid, the single lump sum payment shall be made in the following manner: (i) the surviving Spouse, if any, of the last to die of the Participant or the beneficiary or (ii) if neither the Participant nor the beneficiary has a surviving Spouse, to or for the benefit of the legal representative or representatives of the estate of the last to die of the Participant or the beneficiary. The foregoing provisions of this subsection 6.8 shall also apply to any Participant who was reemployed by a Controlled Group Member after attaining Normal Retirement Age but prior to August 1, 2015. If a Participant is reemployed on or after August 1, 2015, the Participant s benefits shall not be suspended. 6.9 Commencement of Benefits Unless a Participant otherwise elects in accordance with rules established by the Committee, payment of the Participant s benefit shall commence not later than the 60th day following the close of the Plan Year in which the latest of the following occurs: (a) the Participant attains Normal Retirement Age; (b) the tenth anniversary of the Participant s participation in the Plan (including the SLC Plan); or (c) the Participant s termination of employment. If payment of a Participant s benefit begins prior to his or her death, any remaining -36- benefit or survivor benefit shall be distributed at least as rapidly as under the method of distribution used as of the date of the Participant s death. Payment of each Participant s benefit under the Plan must commence by April 1 of the calendar year next following the later of the calendar year in which the Participant attains age 70 or the calendar year in which the Participant retires (the Required Commencement Date provided, that the Required Commencement Date of a Participant who is a five-percent owner (as defined in Section 416 of the Code) is April 1 of the calendar year next following the calendar year in which such Participant attains age 70 . Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, the Plan shall apply the minimum distribution requirements under Section 401(a)(9) of the Code in accordance with final and temporary regulations under Section 401(a)(9) of the Code that were issued by the Internal Revenue Service on April 17, 2002 and June 15, 2004 (as corrected on November 22, 2004). Any actuarial increases required pursuant to Section 401(a)(9) of the Code shall be determined using Alternative Actuarial Equivalent assumptions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an active Participant who, prior to January 1, 2000, had begun receiving minimum required distributions pursuant to Section 401(a)(9) of the Code shall continue to receive benefit payments and shall have his or her benefits recalculated and adjusted each year until the earlier of January 1, 2006 or his or her Late Retirement Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participant who had begun receiving minimum required distributions under the Plan pursuant to Section 401(a)(9) of the Code may elect, upon the Participant s Late Retirement Date, to receive any additional benefits he or she accrues after his or her Normal Retirement Age but prior to January 1, 2006 in one of the optional forms of payment specified in subsection 6.4 above. If the Participant dies prior to the commencement of distribution of the Participant s benefit, distribution of any remaining interest in his or her benefit to his or her designated beneficiary shall be completed by December 31 of the calendar year containing the fifth anniversary of the Participant s death. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Participant s Spouse is his or her designated beneficiary, distribution to the Spouse must commence no later than the later of the December 31 of the calendar year in which the deceased Participant would have attained age 70 had he or she survived, or the December 31 following the close of the calendar year in which the Participant s death occurred. If the surviving Spouse dies before such distribution has commenced, then the five-year distribution requirement of this subsection 6.9 shall apply as if the Spouse were the Participant. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, all distributions shall satisfy the minimum distribution requirements under Section 401(a)(9) of the Code and the applicable Treasury Regulations, including the minimum distribution incidental benefit requirements. 6.10 Effect of Qualified Domestic Relations Orders Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, payment of a Participant s benefit shall be subject to the requirements of any domestic relations order relating to such Participant or such Participant s benefit which the Plan Administrator determines to constitute a qualified domestic relations order, as defined in Section 414(p) of the Code. Subject to subsection 6.11, the alternate payee may elect to receive payment in any form available to the 

-37- Participant under the Plan other than a joint and survivor annuity with a subsequent spouse as the contingent annuitant. 6.11 Small Benefits Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary: (a) If the present value of a Participant s entire nonforfeitable accrued benefit does not exceed 5,000, the Committee shall cause such present value to be paid to the Participant as soon as possible following the Participant s Separation Date, as follows: (i) If the present value of such benefit is 1,000 or less, the Committee shall cause such present value to be distributed as a single lump sum payment in cash; or (ii) If the present value of such benefit exceeds 1,000 but does not exceed 5,000, then the Participant may elect to have such present value distributed as a single lump sum payment in cash or as a direct rollover as described in subsection 6.12. If the Participant fails to specify the manner of distribution, then such distribution shall be paid in a direct rollover to an individual retirement arrangement designated by the Committee. (b) If the present value of a beneficiary s benefit under the Plan does not exceed 5,000, such beneficiary may elect to have such present value distributed as a single lump sum payment in cash or as a direct rollover as described in subsection 6.12. If the beneficiary fails to specify the manner of distribution, then the Committee shall cause such present value to be distributed as a single lump sum payment in cash. (c) If the present value of an alternate payee s benefit under the Plan does not exceed 5,000, such alternate payee may elect to have such present value distributed as a single lump sum payment in cash or as a direct rollover as described in subsection 6.12. If the alternate payee fails to specify the manner of distribution, then the Committee shall cause such present value to be distributed as a single lump sum payment in cash. (d) For purposes of this subsection 6.11, present value shall be calculated using the Alternative Actuarial Equivalent assumptions and the age of the Participant, beneficiary, or alternate payee as of -38- the distribution date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the distribution date occurs after the Participant s Normal Retirement Date (or, if later, after the Participant s Late Retirement Date), the value of the benefit shall be the greater of the lump sum: (i) calculated using Alternative Actuarial Equivalent assumptions and the age of the Participant, beneficiary, or alternate payee (as applicable) as of the Participant s Normal (or Late) Retirement Date, plus interest due for the period between the Normal (or Late) Retirement Date and the date of distribution calculated using the interest rate in effect under subsection 6.13; or (ii) calculated using the Alternative Actuarial Equivalent assumptions and the age of the Participant, beneficiary, or alternate payee (as applicable) at the date of distribution, adjusted for the amount of monthly payments that would have been made during the period between the Participant s Normal (or Late) Retirement Date and the date of distribution, including interest calculated using the interest rate in effect under subsection 6.13. (e) The provisions of this subsection shall apply to a Plan Participant or a Plan Participant s beneficiary or alternate payee regardless of the Participant s Separation Date. 6.12 Direct Transfer of Eligible Rollover Distributions Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary that would otherwise limit a distributee s election under this subsection 6.12, a distributee may elect, at the time and in the manner prescribed by the Committee, to have any portion of an eligible rollover distribution paid directly to an eligible retirement plan specified by the distributee in a direct rollover. Definitions: (a) Eligible rollover distributions: An eligible rollover distribution is any distribution of all or any portion of the balance to the credit of the distributee, except that an eligible rollover distribution does not include: any distribution that is one of a series of substantially equal periodic payments (not less frequently than annually) made for the life (or life expectancy) of the distributee or the joint lives (or joint life expectancies) of the distributee and the distributee s designated beneficiary, or for a specified period of ten years or more; any distribution on account of financial hardship; any distribution to the extent such distribution is required under Section 401(a)(9) of the Code; and the portion of any distribution that is not includible in gross income (determined without regard to the exclusion for net unrealized appreciation with respect to employer securities). 

-39- (b) Eligible retirement plan: An eligible retirement plan is one of the following types of plans that accepts the distributee s eligible rollover distribution: an individual retirement account described in Section 408(a) of the Code, an individual retirement annuity described in Section 408(b) of the Code, an annuity plan described in Section 403(a) of the Code, an annuity contract described in Section 403(b) of the Code that agrees to separately account for amounts transferred into such plan, an eligible plan under Section 457(b) of the Code which is maintained by a state, political subdivision of a state, or any agency or instrumentality of a state or political subdivision of a state which agrees to separately account for amounts transferred into such plan, or a qualified trust described in Section 401(a) of the Code. (c) Distributee: A distributee includes an Employee or former Employee. In addition, the Employee s or former Employee s surviving Spouse and the Employee s or former Employee s Spouse or former Spouse who is the alternate payee under a qualified domestic relations order, as defined in Section 414(p) of the Code, are distributees with regard to the interest of the Spouse or former Spouse. (d) Direct rollover: A direct rollover is a payment by the plan to the eligible retirement plan specified by the distributee. If a direct trustee-to-trustee transfer is made to an individual retirement account or annuity described in Section 408(a) or (b) of the Code that is established for the purpose of receiving a distribution on behalf of a non-Spouse designated beneficiary (as defined by Section 401(a)(9)(E) of the Code), the transfer shall be treated as an eligible rollover distribution for purposes of this Plan and Section 402(c) of the Code. Each election under this subsection 6.12 shall be made at such time and in such manner as the Committee shall determine and shall be effective only in accordance with such rules as shall be established from time to time by the Committee. 6.13 Interest on Delayed Payments To the extent interest is payable on delayed monthly benefit payments, interest shall be calculated based on the annual rate of interest on a 30-year Treasury security published for the month of October immediately preceding the Plan Year in which such payment is made. Payments shall be treated as delayed for purposes of this subsection 6.13 pursuant to rules adopted by the Committee on a uniform and nondiscriminatory basis in accordance with Section 10 of the Plan. -40- 6.14 Death During Qualified Military Service Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, in the case of a Participant who dies while performing qualified military service (as defined in Section 414(u) of the Code) on or after January 1, 2007, the survivors of such Participant are entitled to any benefits (other than benefit accruals relating to the period of qualified military service) provided under the Plan had the Participant resumed and then terminated employment on account of death. 6.15 Qualified Rollover Contributions to Roth IRAs In accordance with Section 408A of the Code and the regulations and other guidance issued thereunder, a distributee may elect to roll over any portion of an eligible rollover distribution (as defined in subparagraph 6.12(a)) to a Roth IRA in a qualified rollover contribution (as defined in Section 408A of the Code) if the rollover requirements of Section 402(c) of the Code are met. 

-41- SECTION 7 CONTRIBUTIONS 7.1 Employer Contributions Subject to the provisions of Section 12, the Employers expect and intend to contribute to the Plan from time to time such amounts as shall be required under accepted actuarial principles to maintain the Plan in a sound condition. Contributions to the Plan are conditioned on their deductibility under Section 404 of the Code. 7.2 Participant Contributions No Participant shall be required or permitted to make any contributions under the Plan. 7.3 Minimum Funding Standards The Company shall cause to be maintained a funding standard account which shall be credited with contributions and gains and charged with costs and losses for each Plan Year in accordance with Section 412 of the Code. Employer contributions to the Plan for each Plan Year shall be made by such times and in such amounts as are required by said Section 412. 7.4 Application of Forfeitures Forfeitures arising under the Plan for any reason shall not be used to increase the benefit any person otherwise would be entitled to receive under the Plan at any time prior to termination of the Plan or prior to the complete discontinuance of contributions by that person s employer. The amounts so forfeited shall be used to reduce Employer contributions under the Plan. 7.5 Funding-Based Limitations on Benefits and Benefit Accruals Effective with the 2008 Plan Year, the Plan may not be amended or pay any benefits unless it complies with the below requirements of Section 436 of the Code. However, the limitations in subparagraphs (b), (c)(ii) and (d) shall not apply to: (i) any benefit payments under Section 411(a)(11) of the Code that are immediately distributable without the Participant s consent, (ii) any benefit payments with an annuity starting date (as defined in Section 436 of the Code and Treasury Regulations) on or after a Section 436 measurement date (as defined in Section 436 of the Code and Treasury Regulations) when such limitations no longer apply, and (iii) any payments in connection with a Plan termination in accordance with applicable law. In addition, the Employers may avoid or terminate the limitations in subparagraphs (a), (b), (c), and (d) for a Plan Year if the Employers elect and contribute the amount or security required under Section 436 of the Code and Treasury Regulations. -42- (a) During any Plan Year in which the Plan s adjusted funding target attainment percentage (as defined in Section 436 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations) is 60 or greater but less than 80 , or would be in such range when taking into account the actions described in this subparagraph, the Plan shall not be amended to increase liabilities of the Plan by reason of increases in benefits, establishment of new benefits, changing the rate of benefit accrual, or changing the rate at which benefits become nonforfeitable. If a Plan amendment does not take effect because of this limitation, but is permitted to take effect later in the same Plan Year due to additional contributions or an enrolled actuary s certification that the adjusted funding target attainment percentage meets the requirements of Section 436 of the Code, then the Plan amendment shall take effect automatically as of the later of the first day of the Plan Year or the effective date of the Plan amendment. If a Plan amendment cannot take effect during the Plan Year due to these limitations, then the Plan amendment shall be treated as not adopted, unless the Plan amendment provides otherwise. (b) During any Plan Year in which the Plan s adjusted funding target attainment percentage is 60 or greater but less than 80 or would be in such range when taking into account any actions described in subparagraph (a) above, then a Participant or beneficiary is not permitted to elect an optional form of benefit that includes a prohibited payment (as defined in Section 436 of the Code and Treasury Regulations), and the Plan shall not pay any prohibited payment, with respect to an annuity starting date that is on or after the applicable Section 436 measurement date, unless the present value of the portion that reflects the prohibited payment does not exceed the smaller of (i) 50 of the present value of the benefit payable in the optional benefit form that includes the prohibited payment, or (ii) 100 of the present value of the maximum guaranteed benefit determined by the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (as defined in Treasury Regulations issued under Section 436 of the Code). The Plan may make only one prohibited payment (or series of prohibited payments under a single optional form of benefit) to a Participant and his or her beneficiaries during any period of consecutive Plan Years to which the limitations of this subparagraph (b) apply. When the limitations of this paragraph apply, the Participant s or beneficiary s benefit shall be subject to the following rules: (i) The Participant or beneficiary may elect to bifurcate his or her accrued benefit into restricted and unrestricted portions (as determined pursuant to 

-43- Treasury Regulations issued under Section 436 of the Code). In this case, the Participant or beneficiary shall elect different forms of payment for each portion, subject to applicable Plan provisions; provided that, the Participant shall be required to name the same beneficiary under each payment form if survivor benefits are provided under more than one of the elected payment forms; and provided further, that a Participant shall be required to name the same beneficiary with respect to all benefits provided under Supplement K except for benefits under Appendix A to Part A of Supplement K to the Plan. (ii) In lieu of electing a bifurcated benefit under subparagraph (i) above, the Participant or beneficiary may elect to defer receipt of his or her entire accrued benefit until after the end of the restricted period (but not later than his or her Normal Retirement Date), or the Participant or beneficiary may elect to receive his or her entire accrued benefit in any optional form of benefit under the Plan that does not include a prohibited payment. (iii) If any payment required to be made under the terms of the Plan includes a prohibited payment and no optional forms of payment are available for the restricted portion of the payment, then the unrestricted portion shall be paid in the specified form and the restricted portion shall be paid in the form of a 20-year certain annuity form subject to the requirements of Section 401(a)(9) of the Code. (iv) Notwithstanding the provisions of subparagraphs (i) through (iii) above, if the Participant or beneficiary is entitled to benefits under more than one Plan benefit formula or sub-plan, then the Participant or beneficiary may make separate elections under this subparagraph (b) with respect to each separate formula or sub-plan benefit, subject to all applicable Plan provisions. Following the end of the restricted period, any payments that commenced during the restricted period shall continue to be paid in the same form(s) as originally elected. However, if any periodic payments -44- are being made to an estate or trust due to the foregoing restrictions, then the remaining value of such payments shall be made in a lump sum as soon as possible following the end of the restricted period. (c) During any Plan Year in which the Plan s adjusted funding target attainment percentage for a Plan Year is or would be less than 60 as the result of the payment of an unpredictable contingent event benefit (as defined in Section 436 of the Code and Treasury Regulations) that occurs in the Plan Year as described in subparagraph (i) below, then the following limitations shall apply: (i) The Plan shall not pay the unpredictable contingent event benefit. However, if the unpredictable contingent event benefit is restricted, but can be paid later in the same Plan Year due to additional contributions or an enrolled actuary s certification that the adjusted funding target attainment percentage meets the requirements of Section 436 of the Code, then the unpredictable contingent event benefit shall be paid retroactive to the date provided in the Plan. If Section 436 of the Code restricts payment of an unpredictable contingent event benefit during the Plan Year, then the Plan shall be treated as if it does not provide for such benefit; (ii) The Plan shall not pay or allow a Participant or beneficiary to elect an optional form of payment that includes a prohibited payment with respect to an annuity starting date that is on or after the applicable Section 436 measurement date. However, when such limitations apply, the Participant or beneficiary may elect an alternate optional form of benefit payment permitted under the Plan; and (iii) The Plan shall cease benefit accruals as of the applicable Section 436 measurement date. If benefit accruals cease pursuant to this subparagraph, the Plan shall not be amended to increase Plan liabilities by reason of an increase in benefits or establishment of new benefits. If benefit accruals or Plan amendments do not take effect because of this limitation, but are permitted to take effect later in the same Plan Year due to additional contributions or an enrolled actuary s certification that the adjusted funding target attainment 

-45- percentage meets the requirements of Section 436 of the Code, then such benefit accruals or amendments shall take effect automatically as of the later of the first day of the Plan Year or the effective date of the Plan benefit accrual or amendment. Alternatively, if the Plan amendment cannot take effect during the same Plan Year, then the Plan amendment shall be treated as not adopted, unless otherwise specified in the Plan amendment. Benefit accruals also shall resume prospectively for service on or after that later Section 436 measurement date, except as otherwise provided in the Plan or in an amendment. In such case, the Plan shall comply with the rules relating to partial years of participation and the prohibition on double proration under Department of Labor Regulations. (d) During any period in which the Company is a debtor in a case under Title 11 of the United States Code, or similar federal or state law, the Plan shall not pay or allow a Participant or beneficiary to elect an optional form of payment that includes a prohibited payment with respect to an annuity starting date that occurs during such period, except for payments with an annuity starting date that occurs on or after the Section 436 measurement date on which the Plan s enrolled actuary certifies that the Plan s adjusted funding target attainment percentage for that Plan Year is not less than 100 . (e) If (i) the Plan s enrolled actuary has not issued a certification of the Plan s adjusted funding target attainment percentage for the current Plan Year, (ii) the Plan s enrolled actuary does not issue a certification of the Plan s adjusted funding target attainment percentage for the current Plan Year before the first day of the fourth month or the tenth month of the Plan Year, or (iii) the Plan s enrolled actuary issues a range certification for the current Plan Year pursuant to Treasury Regulations but does not issue a certification of the specific adjusted funding target attainment percentage by the last day of the Plan Year, then certain presumptions apply under Section 436(h) of the Code and Treasury Regulations. For any period during which a presumption applies, the limitations described in subparagraphs (a) through (c) above are applied as if the Plan s adjusted funding target attainment percentage for the Plan Year was the presumed adjusted funding target attainment percentage, as determined under Section 436 of the Code and the applicable Treasury Regulations. During any -46- period in which none of these presumptions applies to the Plan, and if the Plan s enrolled actuary has not yet issued a certification of the Plan s adjusted funding target attainment percentage for the Plan Year, then the limitations under subparagraphs (a) and (c)(i) shall be based on the inclusive presumed adjusted funding target attainment percentage for the Plan, calculated in accordance with Treasury Regulations. (f) In accordance with Section 101(j) of ERISA, the Plan Administrator shall provide a written notice to Plan Participants and beneficiaries generally within 30 days after the dates specified in Section 436 of the Code and Treasury Regulations if the Plan becomes subject to the benefit limitations of Section 436 of the Code. (g) For purposes of determining whether the prohibited payment provisions of subparagraph (b) or (c)(ii) apply to any Social Security level income option, or whether the accrual limitations of subparagraph (c)(iii) apply, the Special Rule for Certain Years under Section 436(j)(3) of the Code, Treasury Regulations, and supplemental Treasury guidance shall apply, except to the extent dictated by the Preservation of Access to Care for Medicare Beneficiaries and Pension Relief Act of 2010, as applicable. The limitations and restrictions described in this subsection 7.5 shall be applied in accordance with Section 436 of the Code and applicable Treasury Regulations and other guidance issued thereunder, each as amended from time to time, the requirements of which are incorporated herein by reference to the extent not specifically provided above. 

-47- SECTION 8 LIMITATIONS ON BENEFITS 8.1 In General Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan, benefits under the Plan for each Participant are subject to the following restrictions of this Section. 8.2 Limitations on Benefits Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan, the aggregate annual retirement benefit that may be paid to a Participant may not at any time within any limitation year exceed the limitations contained in Section 415 of the Code. Plan benefits shall accrue and shall be paid in accordance with Section 415 of the Code and applicable Treasury Regulations issued thereunder, the requirements of which are incorporated herein by reference to the extent not specifically provided for in this subsection 8.2. (a) The maximum benefit permitted under the Plan, and under all other defined benefit plans (as defined in Section 414(j) of the Code) maintained by an Employer or any Controlled Group Member that must be aggregated with the Plan, payable as an annual benefit for the life of the Participant shall not exceed the lesser of: (i) 245,000 (as adjusted effective January 1 of each year under Section 415(d) of the Code in such manner as the Secretary shall prescribe), or (ii) an amount equal to the Participant s average annual compensation in his or her highest three-year consecutive period (as defined in Section 415(b) of the Code and the applicable Treasury Regulations thereunder). If the Participant s benefit accrual would exceed the maximum benefit permitted as described in the preceding sentence, the Participant s benefit shall be limited or the rate of accrual reduced. However, the foregoing limitations shall not reduce the Participant s accrued benefit under all defined benefit plans of the Employer or a predecessor Employer to be less than the accrued benefit under all defined benefit plans of the Employer or a predecessor Employer as of December 31, 2007 under provisions of such plans in effect before April 5, 2007. (b) In the case of a Participant who has not completed at least 10 years of participation in the Plan, the maximum amount of aggregate annual benefits in clause (i) of subparagraph 8.2(a) above shall be multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of years (or part thereof) of participation in the Plan the Participant has completed (but not less than one) and the denominator of which is 10. In the case of a Participant who has not completed at -48- least 10 Years of Service with an Employer, the maximum amount of aggregate annual benefits in clause (ii) of subparagraph 8.2(a) above shall be multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of years (or part thereof) of service with the Employer the Participant has completed (but not less than one) and the denominator of which is 10. (c) The determination of the actuarial equivalent form of annual benefit other than a straight life annuity shall be made in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii) below. Notwithstanding any provision of this subsection 8.2 to the contrary, all such adjustments shall be made as required under the Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001, the Pension Funding Equity Act of 2004, the Pension Protection Act of 2006, the Worker, Retiree and Employer Recovery Act of 2008, and any guidance published in the Internal Revenue Bulletin. (i) The actuarial equivalent shall be determined under this paragraph (i) for any benefit in the form of a nondecreasing annuity (other than a straight life annuity) payable for a period of not less than the life of the Participant (or, in the case of a qualified pre- retirement survivor annuity, the life of the surviving Spouse), or a benefit form that decreases during the life of the Participant merely because of the death of the survivor annuitant (but only if the reduction is not below 50 of the benefit payable before the death of the survivor annuitant), or the cessation or reduction of Social Security supplements or qualified disability payments (as defined in Section 401(a)(11) of the Code). The actuarial equivalent straight life annuity is equal to the greater of: (A) the annual amount of the straight life annuity (if any) payable to the Participant under the Plan commencing at the same annuity starting date as the Participant s form of benefit, and (B) the annual amount of the straight life annuity commencing at the same annuity starting date that has the same actuarial present value as the Participant s form of benefit, computed using a 5 interest rate assumption and the applicable mortality table described in Section 417(e)(3)(B) of the Code (or such other mortality table as may be prescribed by the Internal Revenue Service) for that annuity starting date. 

-49- (ii) In determining the actuarial equivalent of a form of benefit other than a benefit form described in subparagraph 8.2(c)(i) above, the actuarial equivalent straight life annuity is equal to the annual amount of the straight life annuity commencing at the same annuity starting date that has the same actuarial present value as the Participant s form of benefit, computed using whichever of the following produces the greatest annual amount: (A) the Interest Rate and Mortality Table specified in subsection 2.1 of the Plan for adjusting benefits in the same form; (B) a 5.5 interest rate assumption and the applicable mortality table described in Section 417(e)(3)(B) of the Code (or such other mortality table as may be prescribed by the Internal Revenue Service), and (C) the interest rate on 30- year Treasury securities and the applicable mortality table described in Section 417(e)(3)(B) of the Code (or such other mortality table as may be prescribed by the Internal Revenue Service), divided by 1.05. (d) If a Participant s annuity starting date is either before the date the Participant attains age 62 or after the date the Participant attains age 65, the maximum amount of aggregate annual benefits in clause (i) of subparagraph 8.2(a) shall be adjusted according to this paragraph (d). Notwithstanding any provision of this subsection 8.2 to the contrary, all such adjustments shall be made as required under the Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001, the Pension Funding Equity Act of 2004, the Pension Protection Act of 2006, and the Worker, Retiree, and Employer Recovery Act of 2008, and any guidance published in the Internal Revenue Bulletin. (i) If the Participant s annuity starting date occurs before age 62, the maximum amount in clause (i) of subparagraph 8.2(a) shall be adjusted so that it is the lesser of: (A) the actuarial equivalent of said amount (adjusted under subparagraph 8.2(b) above for years of participation less than 10, if required), with the actuarial equivalent computed using a 5 interest rate and the applicable mortality table described in Section 417(e)(3)(B) of the Code (or such other mortality table as may be prescribed by the Internal Revenue Service), and (B) the maximum amount in clause (i) of subparagraph -50- 8.2(a) (adjusted under subparagraph 8.2(b) above for years of participation less than 10, if required) multiplied by the ratio of the annual amount of the Participant s straight life annuity under the Plan at the Participant s annuity starting date to the annual amount of the immediately commencing straight life annuity under the Plan at age 62, both determined without applying the limitations of this subsection 8.2. (ii) If the Participant s annuity starting date occurs after age 65, the maximum dollar limitation at the Participant s annuity starting date shall be the lesser of: (A) the actuarial equivalent of said amount (adjusted under subparagraph 8.2(b) above for years of participation less than 10, if required), with the actuarial equivalent computed using a 5 interest rate and the applicable mortality table described in Section 417(e)(3)(B) of the Code (or such other mortality table as may be prescribed by the Internal Revenue Service), and (B) the maximum amount in clause (i) of subparagraph 8.2(a) (adjusted under subparagraph 8.2(b) above for years of participation less than 10, if required), multiplied by the ratio of the annual amount of the adjusted immediately commencing straight life annuity under the Plan at the Participant s annuity starting date to the annual amount of the adjusted immediately commencing straight life annuity under the Plan at age 65, both determined without applying the limitations of this subsection 8.2. For this purpose, the adjusted immediately commencing straight life annuity under the Plan at the Participant s annuity starting date is the annual amount of such annuity payable to the Participant, computed disregarding the Participant s accruals after age 65 but including actuarial adjustments even if those actuarial adjustments are used to offset accruals; and the adjusted immediately commencing straight life annuity under the Plan at age 65 is the annual amount of such annuity that would be payable under the Plan to a hypothetical participant who is age 65 and has the same accrued benefit as the Participant. 

-51- (iii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, any decrease in the adjusted defined benefit dollar limitation determined in accordance with this subsection 8.2 shall not reflect any mortality decrement to the extent that benefits shall not be forfeited upon the death of the Participant. If any benefits are forfeited upon death, the full mortality decrement is taken into account. (e) For purposes of this subsection, a Participant s compensation means compensation within the meaning of Section 415(c)(3) of the Code and Treasury Regulations sections 1.415(c)-2(d)(4), including any differential wage payments (as defined in Section 3401(h)(2) of the Code), subject to the following rules: (i) Compensation shall include elective amounts that are not includible in the gross income of the Participant by reason of Sections 125, 132(f) and 402(g)(3) of the Code. (ii) Compensation for a Plan Year shall include compensation paid by the later of 2-1/2 months after a Participant s severance from employment with the Employers or the end of the Plan Year that includes the date of the Participant s severance from employment with the Employers, if: (A) The payment is regular compensation for services during the Participant s regular working hours, or compensation for services outside the Participant s regular working hours (such as overtime or shift differential), commissions, bonuses, or other similar payments, and absent a severance from employment, the payments would have been paid to the Participant while the Participant continued in employment with the Employers; or (B) The payment is for unused accrued bona fide sick, vacation or other leave that the Participant would have been able to use if employment had continued. -52- Any payment not described above shall not be considered compensation if paid after severance from employment, even if paid by the later of 2-1/2 months after the date of severance from employment or the end of the Plan Year that includes the date of severance from employment, except for payments to an individual who does not currently perform services for the Employers by reason of qualified military service (within the meaning of Section 414(u)(5) of the Code) to the extent these payments do not exceed the amounts the individual would have received if the individual had continued to perform services for the Employers rather than entering qualified military service. (iii) A Participant s compensation for a Plan Year shall not include compensation in excess of the limitation under Section 401(a)(17) of the Code in effect for the Plan Year. (f) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an Employer (and any other Controlled Group Member) has not at any time maintained a defined contribution plan in which the Participant participated and if the benefits payable with respect to such Participant under the Plan and all related defined benefit plans of the Employer and all other members of all controlled groups do not exceed 10,000 for the Plan Year or for any prior Plan Year, the benefits payable with respect to a Participant hereunder shall be deemed not to exceed the limitations imposed under this subsection 8.2. For purposes of identifying related plans with respect to each Controlled Group Member under this subsection 8.2, the standard of control for determining a Controlled Group Member under Sections 414(b), (c), (m), and (o) of the Code shall be deemed to be more than 50 rather than at least 80 . 8.3 Limitations Applicable to Certain Participants The amount of monthly benefit determined under the Plan (including Spouse s benefits, other death benefits, and vested benefits) shall, except as provided in an applicable Supplement, be reduced by the monthly amount of benefit or annuity for life only that is the Actuarial Equivalent of any benefit payable to such Participant under any other defined benefit pension plan (other than a plan or system provided or required by governmental authority or the Sara Lee Corporation Salaried Pension Plan) attributable to contributions made by any Employer 

-53- by reason of service of the Participant which is the same service included in such Participant s Credited Service under the Plan. -54- SECTION 9 MISCELLANEOUS 9.1 Employer s Records The records of an Employer shall be conclusive and binding upon all persons with respect to the nature and length of employment, the type and amount of compensation paid and the manner of payment thereof, the type and length of absence from work and all other matters contained therein relating to Employees of such Employer. 9.2 Information to be Furnished by Participants Participants and any other persons entitled to benefits under the Plan shall furnish to the Plan Administrator such information as the Plan Administrator considers necessary or desirable for the purpose of administering the Plan, and the provisions of the Plan regarding any payment thereunder are conditioned upon Participants and such other persons furnishing promptly such true, full and complete information as the Plan Administrator may request. Each Participant and other person entitled to benefits under the Plan shall submit proof of age to the Plan Administrator prior to commencement of benefits. If such proof of age is not submitted or shows that the Participant s age has been misstated on the records of the Plan, the Plan Administrator shall determine the Participant s age for the purpose of the Plan in accordance with the available facts and make such adjustments as may be necessary in view of such determination. 9.3 Absence of Guaranty No Participant shall have any right to, or interest in, any part of the Fund assets upon retirement or otherwise, except as and to the extent expressly provided in this Plan. Any person claiming benefits under the Plan shall look solely to the Fund for payment. In no event shall the Employers or any of their officers or directors, the Plan Administrator or the members of the Committee be liable in their respective individual capacities to any person whomsoever to pay benefits under the provisions of the Plan. 9.4 Interests Not Transferable The interests of persons entitled to benefits under the Plan are not subject to their debts or other obligations, and except as may be required by the tax withholding provisions of the Code or a state s income tax act or pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, as defined in Section 414(p) of the Code, may not be voluntarily or involuntarily sold, transferred, alienated, assigned or encumbered. 9.5 Facility of Payment Any payment due hereunder to a minor or other person under legal disability may be made, in the discretion of the Plan Administrator, to a person reasonably believed to be a 

-55- parent, Spouse, or relative by blood or marriage, or to the legal representatives of the said person, or for the maintenance and support of said person. The Plan Administrator shall not be required to see to the application of any such payment, and the payee s receipt shall be a full and final discharge of any liability of the Fund to said person under the provisions of the Plan. 9.6 Employment Rights Nothing contained in this Plan shall be construed as a contract of employment between an Employer and any Employee, or as conferring a right upon any Employee to be continued in the employment of any Employer or as a limitation of the right of any Employer to discharge any Employee with or without cause. 9.7 Evidence Evidence required of anyone under the Plan may be by certificate, affidavit, document or other information which the person acting on it considers pertinent and reliable, and signed, made or presented by the proper party or parties. 9.8 Missing Participants and Beneficiaries Each Participant shall keep the Plan Administrator informed in writing of the latest address of such Participant and such Participant s beneficiary so that payments hereunder may be timely made. Neither the Committee nor any Employer is required to search for or locate any person entitled to benefits under the Plan. 9.9 Compensation and Expenses All expenses incurred in the administration of the Plan, including the expenses and fees of the Plan Administrator, the Trustee and the Committee, shall be paid by the Employers, in such proportions as the Company may direct, or from the Fund to the extent not paid by the Employers. However, no person who receives full-time pay as an Employee from an Employer shall receive Compensation from the Fund, except for reimbursement of expenses properly and actually incurred. 9.10 Application for Benefits Each Participant or beneficiary eligible for a Pension Benefit or Retirement Benefit or other benefits under the Plan shall apply for such benefits in accordance with procedures established by the Committee. 9.11 Claims Procedure Claims for benefits under the Plan shall be made in such manner as the Committee shall prescribe. Claims for benefits and the appeal of denied claims under the Plan shall be administered in accordance with Section 503 of ERISA and the regulations thereunder (and any other law that amends, supplements or supersedes said Section of ERISA), and the -56- claims and appeals procedures adopted by the Committee and/or the Hanesbrands Inc. ERISA Appeal Committee (the Appeal Committee ), as appropriate, for that purpose. If any application for benefits is denied in whole or in part, written notice of the decision to deny such application shall be promptly furnished to the applicant within 90 days after receipt of an application for benefits by the Committee, or within 180 days of receipt of such application if the applicant is notified in writing by the Committee that an extension of time is required for processing the application, which notice shall set forth the circumstances requiring the extension of time and the date by which the Committee expects to render a decision. If an application is neither granted nor denied within 90 days or 180 days, as the case may be, the application shall be considered denied, and the applicant may pursue the review procedure set forth below. Each notice of denial of an application shall be in writing and shall contain the following information: (a) the specific reason or reasons for the denial; (b) specific reference to the pertinent Plan provisions upon which the denial is based; (c) a description of any additional material or information necessary for the applicant to perfect the application and an explanation of why such material or information is necessary; and (d) an explanation of the Plan s review procedures (as described below), and the time limits applicable to such procedures, including a statement of the applicant's right to bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA following an adverse benefit determination on review. In the event an application for benefits is denied in whole or in part, the applicant or the applicant s duly authorized representative may request a review of such denial by the Appeal Committee. Each such request for review must be in writing signed by the applicant or the applicant s duly authorized representative, must specify that it is a request for review of a denied application and must be filed with the Appeal Committee no later than 60 days after receipt by the applicant of the denial of the applicant s application. The decision of the Appeal Committee upon an applicant s request for review shall be made within 60 days after the request for review is received by the Appeal Committee unless special circumstances require an extension of time for processing such review, in which event the applicant shall be notified in writing prior to the expiration of such 60 days, and the decision of the Appeal Committee shall be rendered within 120 days of the receipt of the request for review. In connection with a request for review, the applicant or the applicant s duly authorized representative may submit issues and comments in writing to the Appeal Committee and any documents, records or other information relating to the claim for benefits. Upon request and free of charge, the applicant shall be provided reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records and other information relevant to the applicant s claim for benefits. The Appeal Committee s review shall take into account all comments, documents, records, and other information submitted by the applicant relating to the claim, without regard to whether such information was submitted or considered in the initial benefit determination. All communications between the Appeal Committee and the applicant or the applicant s duly authorized representative shall be in writing unless the applicant or the applicant s duly authorized representative requests otherwise and the Appeal Committee consents thereto. Each decision of the Appeal Committee on a request for review shall be in writing, shall include the specific reason or reasons for the decision and shall contain specific reference to the Plan provisions upon which the decision is based. 

-57- If, after exhausting the claims and appeals procedures described above and as set forth in Section 503 of ERISA, the applicant wishes to pursue the claim any further, the applicant or the applicant s duly authorized representative must file a claim in federal court no later than the earliest of (a) 90 days after the Appeal Committee s final decision regarding the appeal, (b) three years after the date on which the Participant or other claimant commenced payment of the Plan benefits at issue in the judicial proceeding, or (c) the statutory deadline for filing a claim or lawsuit with respect to the Plan benefits at issue in the judicial proceeding as determined by applying the most analogous statute of limitations for the state of North Carolina. If any judicial proceeding is undertaken to appeal the denial of a claim or bring any other action under ERISA other than a breach of fiduciary duty claim, the evidence presented shall be strictly limited to the evidence timely presented to the Committee and/or the Appeal Committee. All decisions and communications relating to claims by applicants, denials of claims or claims appeals under this subsection 9.11 shall be held strictly confidential by the applicant, the Committee, the Appeal Committee and the employers during and at all times after the applicant s claim has been submitted in accordance with this subsection 9.11. 9.12 Uniform Rules In administering the Plan, the Committee shall apply uniform and nondiscriminatory rules to all Participants. 9.13 Waiver of Notice Any notice required under the Plan may be waived by the person entitled to such notice. 9.14 Controlling Law Except to the extent superseded by the laws of the United States, the laws of North Carolina shall be controlling in all matters relating to the Plan. 9.15 Action by Company or Employer Any action required or permitted to be taken by the Company or any Employer under the Plan shall be by resolution of its Board of Directors or by a duly authorized committee of its Board of Directors, , or by a person or persons authorized by resolution of said Board or committee. 9.16 Qualification Under Internal Revenue Code The Employers intend this Plan and the Trust Agreement to qualify under the provisions of Sections 401(a) and 501(a) of the Code as now in effect and as from time to time amended, or any similar law hereafter applicable; and to the extent permitted by law, but not in limitation of the amending power defined in subsection 12.1 below, the Company reserves the right by retroactive amendment to amend the Plan to the extent necessary to obtain or maintain such qualification. -58- 9.17 Indemnification To the extent permitted by law, any person who is or was a director, officer or employee of an Employer (including any such person serving as a Trustee, Committee member or Plan Administrator) shall be indemnified and saved harmless by that Employer (to the extent not indemnified or saved harmless under any liability insurance arrangement) from and against any and all liability or claim of liability to which such person may be subjected by reason of any act done or omitted to be done in good faith in connection with the administration of the Plan, including all expenses reasonably incurred in such person s defense in the event that the Employer fails to provide such defense. 9.18 Gender and Number Where the context admits, words in the masculine gender shall be deemed to include the feminine and neuter genders, the plural shall include the singular, and the singular the plural. 9.19 No Interest in Employers The Plan is for the exclusive benefit of the Employees who are by the terms hereof Participants. An Employer shall have no right, title or interest in the Fund or any part thereof and no part of the Fund shall revert or be repaid to an Employer, except as follows: (a) All liabilities under the Plan shall have been paid or provided for in full, and assets remain in the Fund, in which event such remaining assets shall revert and be paid to the then Employers. (b) A contribution is made as a result of a mistake of fact, and such contribution is returned to the Employer within one year after payment to the Trustee; (c) A contribution conditioned on the deductibility thereof is disallowed as an expense for federal income tax purposes, and such contribution (to the extent disallowed) is returned to the Employer within one year after the disallowance of the deduction; or (d) The Plan, as applied to an Employer, initially fails to satisfy the requirements of the Code, as amended, the application for determination of such qualification is timely made, and the return of the contribution is conditioned on initial qualification of the Plan, in which event the contributions made by such Employer shall be returned to it. 

-59- 9.20 Recovery of Benefits In the event a Participant or beneficiary receives a benefit payment under the Plan which is in excess of the benefit payment which should have been made, or in the event a person other than a Participant or beneficiary receives an erroneous payment from the Plan, the Committee shall have the right, on behalf of the Plan, to recover the amount of such excess or erroneous payment from the recipient. The Committee may, however, at its option, deduct the amount of such excess or erroneous payment from any subsequent benefits payable to, or for, the Participant or beneficiary. 9.21 Errors and Corrections Any Plan administration error may be corrected using any appropriate correction method permitted under the Internal Revenue Service Employee Plans Compliance Resolution System (or any successor procedure), as determined by the Committee. -60- SECTION 10 RELATING TO THE PLAN ADMINISTRATOR AND COMMITTEE 10.1 The Committee The Board of Directors of the Company shall appoint a Committee (the Committee ), consisting of three or more individuals, and each such appointee shall serve for as long as is mutually agreeable to the Company and to the appointee. A majority of the members of the Committee shall have the power to act on behalf of the Committee. Except as otherwise specifically provided and in addition to the powers, rights and duties specifically given to the Committee elsewhere in the Plan, the Committee shall have the following discretionary powers, rights and duties: (a) To appoint and remove the Plan Administrator who shall have such powers, rights and duties as are specifically provided elsewhere in the Plan in addition to those delegated to the Plan Administrator by the Committee. (b) To adopt such regulations and rules of procedure as in its opinion may be necessary for the proper and efficient administration of the Plan and as are consistent with the terms of the Plan. (c) To determine all questions arising under the Plan, including the power to determine the rights or eligibility of Employees or Participants and any other persons, to determine questions arising under the Plan, and to remedy ambiguities, inconsistencies or omissions. (d) To enforce the Plan in accordance with its terms, and in accordance with the rules and regulations adopted by the Committee. (e) To construe the Plan, to reconcile and correct any errors or inconsistencies and to make adjustments for any mistakes or errors made in the administration of the Plan. (f) To furnish the Employers with such information as may be required by them for tax or other purposes. (g) To employ agents, attorneys, accountants, actuaries or other persons (who also may be employed by the Employers) and to allocate or delegate to them such powers and duties as the Committee may consider necessary or advisable to properly carry out administration of the Plan, provided that such allocation or 

-61- delegation and the acceptance thereof by such agents, attorneys, accountants, actuaries or other persons shall be in writing. 10.2 Secretary of the Committee The Committee may appoint a secretary to act upon routine matters connected with the administration of the Plan, to whom the Committee may delegate such authorities and duties as they deem expedient. 10.3 Manner of Action During any period in which two or more Committee members are acting, the following provisions apply where the context admits: (a) A Committee member by writing may delegate any or all of such member s rights and duties to any other member, with the consent of the latter. (b) The Committee may act by meeting or by writing signed without meeting, and may sign any document by signing one document or concurrent documents. (c) An action or a decision of a majority of the members of the Committee as to a matter shall be effective as if taken or made by all members of the Committee. (d) If, because of the number qualified to act, there is an even division of opinion among the Committee members as to a matter, a disinterested party selected by the Committee may decide the matter and such party s decision shall control. (e) The certificate of the secretary of the Committee or of a majority of the members that the Committee has taken or authorized any action shall be conclusive in favor of any person relying on the certificate. 10.4 Interested Committee Member If a Committee member also is a Participant in the Plan, such member may not decide or determine any matter or question concerning payment of benefits to be made to such member unless such decision or determination could be made by such member under the Plan if such member were not a Committee member. 10.5 Reliance on Data by Plan Administrator and Committee The Plan Administrator and the Committee may rely upon data furnished by any Employer as to the age, service and compensation of any Employee of such Employer and as to -62- any other information pertinent to any calculations or determinations to be made under the provisions of the Plan, and neither the Plan Administrator nor the Committee shall have any duty to inquire into the correctness thereof. 10.6 Committee Decisions Subject to applicable law, any interpretation of the provisions of the Plan and any decisions on any matter within the discretion of the Committee made by the Committee in good faith shall be binding on all persons. A misstatement or other mistake of fact shall be corrected when it becomes known, and the Committee shall make such adjustments on account thereof as it considers equitable and practicable. Benefits under the Plan shall be paid only if the Committee, or its delegate, determines in its discretion that the applicant is entitled to them. 

-63- SECTION 11 RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTIONS Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan, for any Plan Year, the benefits paid to a Participant who was among the 25 highly compensated employees and highly compensated former employees (as defined in Section 414(q) of the Code) receiving the greatest compensation from the Company for that Plan Year shall be restricted to an amount equal to the payments that would be made on behalf of the Participant for that Plan Year under a single life annuity that is the Actuarial Equivalent of the Participant s accrued benefit under the Plan. The foregoing restriction shall not apply for any Plan Year if: (a) After payment of all benefits payable under the Plan to such Participant for that year, the value of Plan assets equals or exceeds 110 percent of the value of the aggregate current liabilities to all Participants and beneficiaries under the Plan; or (b) The value of all benefits payable under the Plan to such Participant for that year is less than one percent of the value of the aggregate current liabilities to all Participants and beneficiaries under the Plan before payment of such benefits; or (c) The value of the benefits payable under the Plan to such Participant for that year does not exceed 5,000; or (d) The Plan terminates and the benefit received by such Participant is nondiscriminatory under Section 401(a)(4) of the Code; or (e) Such Participant has agreed to repay to the Plan amounts distributed therefrom that are in excess of the foregoing restrictions and that are necessary for the distribution of assets upon Plan termination to satisfy Section 401(a)(4) of the Code, provided that such agreement has been secured or collateralized in accordance with applicable governmental requirements. -64- SECTION 12 AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION OF THE PLAN 12.1 Amendment While the Company expects and intends to continue the Plan, it must necessarily reserve and hereby reserves the right to amend or terminate the Plan, in whole or in Part, at any time and for any reason, except that no such amendment shall reduce a Participant s or beneficiary s benefits to less than an amount equal to the benefits such person would be entitled to receive if the Participant had resigned from the employ of the Participant s Employer on the date of the amendment, except to the extent necessary to satisfy the requirements of the Code or any other governmental requirements. No person has the authority to modify the terms of the Plan, except by means of authorized written amendments to the Plan. No verbal or written representations contrary to the terms of the Plan and its written amendments shall be binding upon the Company or the Plan. 12.2 Termination The Plan shall terminate on the first to occur of the following: (a) The date it is terminated by the Company. (b) The date the Employers completely discontinue contributions under the Plan (a mere failure of the Employers to make a contribution for any year shall not be considered as a discontinuance so long as the Plan does not have an accumulated funding deficiency under Section 412 of the Code at the end of such year). 12.3 Distribution upon Termination In the event of the termination of the Plan, the Fund shall be apportioned and distributed in accordance with the following procedures: (a) The Committee and the Trustees shall determine the date of distribution and shall, after taking into account the expenses of such distribution, determine the asset value to be distributed. (b) The Committee shall determine the method of distribution of such asset values (that is, whether distribution shall be made by an immediate payment in cash or assets, by the maintenance of a trust fund with deferred payments, by the purchase of insurance company annuities, or otherwise) for each class of Participants and 

-65- other persons entitled to benefits under the Plan, as specified in subparagraph 12.3(c) below. (c) The Committee shall apportion the asset value of the Fund among Participants and other persons entitled to benefits in the following manner and order to the extent the assets are sufficient, and the amounts so apportioned shall be fully vested: (i) First, assets shall be apportioned to that part of each Participant s or beneficiary s accrued benefit, if any, which is derived from the Participant s voluntary contributions. (ii) Next, assets shall be apportioned to that part of each Participant s or beneficiary s accrued benefit, if any, which is derived from the Participant s mandatory contributions. (iii) Next, assets shall be apportioned equally among Participants and beneficiaries in the following two classes: (A) With respect to benefits payable to each Participant or other person who was receiving a benefit under the Plan as of the beginning of the 3-year period ending on the date of termination of the Plan, the apportionment to benefits shall be based upon the smallest benefit payable under the terms of the Plan as in effect during the 5-year period ending on the date of termination of the Plan; (B) With respect to benefits (other than benefits described in (A) above) payable to or on account of each Participant who was eligible to retire on an Early Retirement Date on or before the beginning of the 3-year period ending on the date of termination of the Plan but who had not retired, the apportionment to benefits shall be based on the smallest amount of benefit that -66- would be payable under the terms of the Plan as in effect during the 5-year period ending on the date of termination of the Plan. (iv) Next, with respect to the benefits of persons who are entitled to benefits under the Plan as of the date of termination, assets shall be apportioned to those benefits which are guaranteed under Title IV of ERISA (determined without regard to Section 4022(b)(5) thereof ). (v) Next, assets of the Fund shall be apportioned to all other nonforfeitable benefits payable under the Plan. (vi) Finally, assets of the Fund shall be apportioned to all other benefits payable under the Plan. The benefits under subparagraph (i) above shall be completely provided before any apportionment is made under the remaining paragraphs, and the benefits under subparagraph (ii) above shall be completely provided for before any allocations are made under the remaining subparagraphs, and so forth. If the assets available for allocation under any subparagraph are not sufficient to satisfy all benefits of individuals described in that subparagraph, the assets shall be allocated pro rata among such individuals on the basis of the present value, as of the date of termination of the Plan, of their respective benefits described in that subparagraph. In the event the assets available for allocation under subparagraph (v) above are not sufficient to satisfy in full the benefits of individuals described in that subparagraph, the assets shall be apportioned to Participants and beneficiaries on the basis of their benefits under the Plan as in effect at the beginning of the 5-year period ending on the date of termination of the Plan. However, if the assets available for allocation under the preceding sentence are sufficient to satisfy the benefits described in that sentence, then the benefits of individuals described in subparagraph (v) shall be determined on the basis of the Plan as amended by the most recent plan amendment effective during the 5-year period ending on the date of termination, under which the assets available for allocation are sufficient to satisfy in full the benefits of such individuals, and any assets remaining to be allocated shall be allocated on the basis of the provisions of the Plan, as amended by the next succeeding Plan amendment effective during such period. 12.4 Discontinuance of Plan as Applied to an Employer If any Employer having Participants in its employ shall discontinue its participation in the Plan as a consequence of the termination of the Employer s business or disposition of substantially all of its business operations with the consequent termination of employment of Participants employed by that Employer, the Board of Directors (or such person or persons as the Board of Directors shall designate) may determine that the accrued benefits of such Participants, calculated as of the date of such discontinuance, shall be nonforfeitable, 

-67- regardless of whether their interests in Plan benefits are otherwise nonforfeitable under the provisions of the Plan. 12.5 Merger or Consolidation No merger or consolidation of this Plan with, or transfer of any assets or liabilities of this Plan to, any other Plan shall take place unless, assuming such other Plan terminated immediately after such event, each Participant s benefit would at least equal the benefit such Participant would have been entitled to receive if this Plan had terminated immediately before the merger, consolidation or transfer. 12.6 Nonforfeitability on Termination or Partial Termination On termination or partial termination of the Plan, the rights of all affected Participants to benefits accrued to the date of such termination or partial termination shall be nonforfeitable; but each such Participant s recourse toward satisfaction of such benefits shall be limited, and shall be payable only to the extent such benefits are funded as of such date or from the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 12.7 Benefits of Highly Compensated Employees on Termination Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan, in the event of termination of the Plan, the benefits of any highly compensated Employee or highly compensated former Employee (as defined in Section 414(q) of the Code) shall be limited to benefits that are nondiscriminatory under Section 401(a)(4) of the Code. -68- SECTION 13 SPECIAL RULES FOR TOP-HEAVY PLANS 13.1 Purpose and Effect The purpose of this Section 13 is to comply with the requirements of Section 416 of the Code. The provisions of this Section 13 shall be effective for each Plan Year in which the Plan is a Top-Heavy Plan within the meaning of Section 416(g) of the Code. 13.2 Top-Heavy Plan In general, the Plan shall be considered a Top-Heavy Plan for any Plan Year if, as of the last day of the preceding Plan Year (the determination date ), the sum of (i) the present value of the cumulative accrued benefits of Participants in this Plan and of Participants in each other Defined Benefit Plan included as an Aggregated Plan under subsection 13.4 who are Key Employees (as defined in Section 416(i)(l) of the Code); and (ii) the aggregate of the accounts of Participants in each Defined Contribution Plan included as an Aggregated Plan who are Key Employees exceeds (iii) 60 percent of the present value of the cumulative accrued benefits and the aggregate account balances of all Participants in all such plans. In making the foregoing determination, the following special rules shall apply: (a) The present value of the accrued benefits of a Participant under each such Defined Benefit Plan and the account balances of a Participant under each such Defined Contribution Plan shall be increased by the aggregate distributions, if any, made with respect to that Participant during the one-year period ending on the determination date, including distributions under a terminated plan which, if it had not been terminated, would have been required to be an Aggregated Plan. The preceding sentence shall also apply to distributions under a terminated plan which, had it not been terminated, would have been aggregated with the Plan under Section 416(g)(2)(A)(I) of the Code. In the case of a distribution made for a reason other than severance from employment, death or disability, this provision shall be applied by substituting 5-year period for 1-year period. (b) The accrued benefits or the account balances of a Participant who was previously a Key Employee, but who is no longer a Key Employee, shall be disregarded. (c) The accrued benefits and account balances of a beneficiary of a Participant shall be considered an accrued benefit and account balances of the Participant. 

-69- (d) The accrued benefits or account balances of a Participant who did not perform services for a Controlled Group Member during the 1-year period ending on a determination date shall be disregarded. (e) The accrued benefits of a Participant who is not a Key Employee shall be determined under the method used for all plans of the Controlled Group Members, or if there is no such method, as if such benefits accrued no faster than the slowest accrual rate permitted under Section 411(b)(1)(C) of the Code. 13.3 Key Employee In general, a Key Employee means any Employee or former Employee (including any deceased employee) who at any time during the Plan Year that includes the determination date was: (a) an officer of an Employer or Controlled Group Member receiving annual compensation greater than 200,000 (as adjusted under Section 416(i)(1) of the Code); (b) a 5-percent owner of an Employer or Controlled Group Member; or (c) a 1-percent owner of an Employer or Controlled Group Member receiving annual compensation of more than 150,000. For this purpose, annual compensation means compensation as defined in subparagraph 8.2(e) of the Plan. 13.4 Aggregated Plans Each other Defined Benefit Plan and each other Defined Contribution Plan maintained by a Controlled Group Member which covers a Key Employee as a Participant or which is maintained by an Employer or Controlled Group Member in order for a Plan covering a Key Employee to satisfy the requirements of Section 401(a)(4) or 410 of the Code (relating to minimum nondiscrimination coverage of employees) shall be aggregated with this Plan in determining whether this Plan is a Top-Heavy Plan. In addition, any other Defined Benefit or Defined Contribution Plan of an Employer or Controlled Group Member may be included if all such plans which are included, when aggregated, shall not discriminate in favor of officers, shareholders or highly compensated Employees and shall satisfy all of the applicable requirements of said Sections of the Code. Any plan described above in this subsection 13.4 is referred to for purposes of this Section 13 as an Aggregated Plan. -70- 13.5 Minimum Vesting For any Plan Year in which the Plan is a Top-Heavy Plan, a Participant s vested percentage in such Participant s accrued benefit shall not be less than the percentage determined under the following table: Vested Years of (Vesting) Service Percentage Less than 3 0 3 or more 100 If the foregoing provisions of this subsection 13.5 become effective, and the Plan subsequently ceases to be a Top-Heavy Plan, each Participant who has then completed three or more Years of Service may elect to continue to have the vested percentage of such Participant s accrued benefit determined under the provisions of this subsection 13.5. 13.6 Minimum Benefit For any Plan Year in which the Plan is a Top-Heavy Plan, a Participant s projected monthly benefit or deferred vested benefit, commencing at Normal Retirement Date and payable as a life annuity, shall not be less than an amount equal to 2 percent of such Participant s Average Compensation (as defined below), multiplied by the number of years (not to exceed 10) of such Participant s Top-Heavy Service (as defined below). A Participant s Average Compensation means the monthly average of such participant s compensation (as defined in subparagraph 8.2(e) of the Plan) for the five consecutive years for which such Participant s compensation was highest, disregarding any compensation paid after the last year in which the Plan is a Top-Heavy Plan. A Participant shall be entitled to a year of Top Heavy Service for each year of Credited Service after December 31, 1983 and prior to January 1, 2006 during which the Plan is a Top-Heavy Plan and he or she is a Participant thereunder. 13.7 No Duplication of Benefits The minimum benefits otherwise required under subsection 13.6 above with respect to a Participant shall be reduced (but not below the level of such Participant s monthly benefit accrued under this Plan without regard to this Section); first, by the Participant s projected monthly benefit (payable as a life annuity commencing on such Participant s Normal Retirement Date) under any other tax qualified Defined Benefit Plan maintained by an Employer or Controlled Group Member, and then by the amount of monthly benefit purchasable with such Participant s plan accounts attributable to employer contributions (including employer contributions, as defined in Section 401(k)(2)(A) of the Code) under any tax qualified Defined Contribution Plan maintained by a Controlled Group Member. 

-71- ACTUARIAL FACTORS TABLE I Percentage of Life Annuity Payable as Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity or Contingent Annuitant Option For purposes of determining the Actuarial Equivalent of a life annuity payable in the form of a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity or a Qualified Optional Survivor Annuity under subsection 6.2 of the Plan, or in the form of a Contingent Annuitant Option under subparagraph 6.4(b) of the Plan, the benefit payable shall be determined using the following table: 50 Qualified Joint Survivor Annuity or Contingent Annuitant Option Benefit Commencement Age 50 J S/CAO Conversion Factor 50 J S/CAO Adjustment Factor =55 and 60 0.950 0.0025 =60 and 65 0.935 0.0035 =65 and 70 0.920 0.0045 =70 and 75 0.900 0.0060 =75 0.880 0.0075 66 2/3 Contingent Annuitant Option Benefit Commencement Age 66 2/3 CAO Conversion Factor 66 2/3 CAO Adjustment Factor =55 and 60 0.935 0.0030 =60 and 65 0.915 0.0045 =65 and 70 0.895 0.0060 =70 and 75 0.875 0.0075 =75 0.850 0.0090 Qualified Optional Survivor Annuity or 75 Contingent Annuitant Option Benefit Commencement Age 75 CAO Conversion Factor 75 CAO Adjustment Factor =55 and 60 0.925 0.0035 =60 and 65 0.905 0.0050 -72- =65 and 70 0.885 0.0065 =70 and 75 0.860 0.0080 =75 0.835 0.0095 100 Contingent Annuitant Option Benefit Commencement Age 100 CAO Conversion Factor 100 CAO Adjustment Factor =55 and 60 0.900 0.0040 =60 and 65 0.875 0.0060 =65 and 70 0.850 0.0080 =70 and 75 0.820 0.0100 =75 0.790 0.0120 The conversion factor is applicable for a beneficiary whose age is the same as the age of the Participant. If the beneficiary is older or younger than the Participant, the conversion factor is adjusted. The amount of the adjustment shall be equal to the age difference (rounded to the nearest integer and limited to a maximum of 15 years for a Participant whose beneficiary is younger) multiplied by the adjustment factor in the applicable table above. The adjustment shall be added to the conversion factor if the beneficiary is older than the Participant and subtracted from the conversion factor if the beneficiary is younger than the Participant. In no event shall the resultant conversion factor exceed 99 , 98 , 98 or 97 , respectively, for the 50 , 66 2/3 , 75 and 100 joint and survivor benefits if the beneficiary is older than the Participant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the benefit payable as determined under the foregoing Table I be less than the benefit accrued as of December 31, 2001 as determined under the applicable provisions in effect on that date. Moreover, benefits payable in the form of the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity shall be adjusted as necessary to satisfy the most valuable annuity requirements of the Code, Treasury Regulations Section 1.401(a)-20, and applicable guidance issued thereunder. The benefit payable in the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity shall be the greater of the benefit determined using Table I or the benefit determined using the actuarial assumptions described in subparagraph 2.2(b) of the Plan. 

-73- TABLE II Percentage of Life Annuity Payable as Period Certain and Life Annuity For purposes of determining the Actuarial Equivalent of a life annuity payable in the form of a Period Certain and Life Annuity under subparagraph 6.4(a) of the Plan, the benefit payable shall be determined using the following table: Benefit Commencement Age 5 Year Certain and Life 10 Year Certain and Life 15 Year Certain and Life =55 and 60 0.995 0.980 0.960 =60 and 65 0.990 0.960 0.930 =65 and 70 0.985 0.940 0.880 =70 0.975 0.900 0.800 Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the benefit payable as determined under the foregoing Table II be less than the benefit accrued as of December 31, 2001 as determined under the applicable provisions in effect on that date. The 5-Year and 15-Year Period Certain and Life Annuity optional forms of payment shall not be available with respect to Retirement Benefits commencing prior to January 1, 2007. DM_US 79187692-1.076961.0011 A-1 SUPPLEMENT A Provisions Relating to the Transfer of Assets and Liabilities from the Sara Lee Corporation Consolidated Pension and Retirement Plan A-1. Purpose and Effect. As described more fully in subsection 1.1 of the Plan, as of January 1, 2006 (the Transfer Date ), certain employees of participating employers under the Sara Lee Corporation Consolidated Pension and Retirement Plan (the SLC Plan were transferred to employment with the Company and certain of its Controlled Group Members. In connection with those employees employment with the Company and its Controlled Group Members, the Company established this Plan, to which was transferred the assets and liabilities of the SLC Plan that were attributable both to said transferred employees and to former employees of Sara Lee Corporation and its Controlled Group Members as of December 31, 2005 whose last employer under the SLC Plan was the Sara Lee Branded Apparel Division of Sara Lee Corporation (regardless of the Benefit Part or Parts of the SLC Plan to which their benefits thereunder were attributable). As of January 1, 2006, this Plan constituted an amendment, continuation and complete restatement of the SLC Plan with respect to employees and former employees entitled to Frozen Benefits as described in subsection 1.1 of the Plan. The purpose of this Supplement A is to cause and implement said transfer of assets and liabilities attributable to said employees and former employees, who became Participants in this Plan effective as of January 1, 2006 as provided in subsection 1.1 and Section 3 of the Plan Transferred Participants ). A-2. Participation in The Plan. Subject to the provisions of subsection 1.1 and Section 3 of the Plan, each Transferred Participant automatically became a Participant in the Plan effective as of the Transfer Date. A-3. Payment of Benefits. Effective on and after the Transfer Date, benefits accrued under the SLC Plan by the Transferred Participants prior to the Transfer Date shall be paid from the Plan. A-4. Certain Benefits Determined Under SLC Plan Supplements. The benefits provided under this Plan for certain Participants who have transferred to employment with the Company and its Controlled Group Members continue to be subject to certain provisions of one or more Supplements to the SLC Plan. With respect to each such Participant, the provisions of each Supplement to the SLC Plan applicable to such Participant s benefits provided under this Plan are hereby incorporated by reference as part of this Plan. A-5. Limitations. Except to the extent expressly provided herein, the benefits provided pursuant to this Supplement A are subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan. Unless specified otherwise, terms used in this Supplement A, which are defined in the Plan shall have the same meanings as given them in the Plan. DM_US 58905053-6.076961.0011 

B-1 SUPPLEMENT B Merger of Pannill Knitting Company, Inc. Pension Plan B-1. Purpose. As reflected in Supplement A to the Hanesbrands Inc. Pension Plan (the Plan ), effective as of the end of the day on December 31, 2005, certain assets and liabilities of the Sara Lee Consolidated Pension and Retirement Plan (the SLC Plan were transferred to this Plan, as described in subsection 1.1 of the Plan. Participation and benefit accrual under this Plan were frozen effective as of the beginning of the day on January 1, 2006, as described more fully in the Plan, and the following provisions of this Supplement are subject to, and are to be interpreted consistently with, that freezing of participation and benefits. Effective on or about July 1, 1990 (the Merger Date ), the Pannill Knitting Company, Inc. Pension Plan Pannill Plan was merged into the SLC Plan and Pannill Knitting Company, Inc. Pannill became an adopting employer thereunder. As a result of the transfer of assets and liabilities from the SLC Plan to the Plan, benefits that were being paid or that were scheduled to be paid to or on behalf of former participants in the Pannill Plan shall be paid from the Plan on and after January 1, 2006, at the same time, and in the same amount and form as would have been paid under the Pannill Plan and the SLC Plan, subject to the terms of the Plan (as modified by this Supplement). B-2. Participation. Each former participant in the Pannill Plan automatically became a participant in the Plan Pannill Participant on January 1, 2006 in accordance with the provisions of this Supplement B. Eligibility and benefits for Pannill Participants shall be determined under the Plan as modified by this Supplement. For purposes of eligibility and vesting in benefits provided under Section 5, an individual s service with Pannill shall be recognized if the service would be recognized under subsection 2.33 of the Plan or its applicable predecessor provisions, treating all service with Pannill as service with a Controlled Group Member. Further, participants in the Pannill Plan who were actively employed by Pannill on July 14, 1988 and who terminated employment with Pannill prior to the Merger Date shall receive credit for all service with the Controlled Group Members for purpose of determining their vested Pannill Benefit (as defined in subparagraph B-3(b) below). B-3. Amount of Pannill Participant s Benefit at Normal Retirement Date. At retirement under the Plan on or after Normal Retirement Date, a Pannill Participant shall be entitled to a monthly benefit under the Plan, payable in the single life annuity form, consisting of the following: (a) A monthly Retirement Benefit in accordance with the Plan based upon such Participant s years of credited service and compensation under the SLBA Benefits Part of the SLC Plan from and after July 1, 1990, as described in Section 5 of the Plan; plus B-2 (b) An additional amount of monthly benefit (the Pannill Benefit ), equal to the amount of monthly benefit accrued for such Participant under the Pannill Plan as of June 30, 1990 in accordance with the provisions of the Pannill Plan as in effect on that date, based upon such Participant s number of years of Credited Service (as defined in the Pannill Plan) as of that date and upon his or her Compensation (as defined in the Pannill Plan) determined in accordance with the Pannill Plan as modified by this Supplement B. For purposes of determining a Participant s Pannill Benefit pursuant to paragraph B-3(b) above, in the case of an employee of Pannill who rendered service to Pannill prior to December 1, 1989, but was not a participant in the Pannill Plan or the SLC Plan prior to December 1, 1989, if the employee completed a year of credited service under the terms of the Pannill Plan immediately prior to the Merger Date, he or she shall be credited with one year of Credited Service under the SLC Plan as of December 1, 1989. If an employee described in the preceding sentence did not render a year of Credited Service prior to December 1, 1989, he or she shall be credited with his or her service for purposes of paragraph B-3(b) on and after December 1, 1989 in accordance with the terms of the Pannill Plan immediately prior to the Merger Date. The amount of each Pannill Participant s Pannill Benefit and credited service under the Pannill Plan as of November 30, 1989 is set forth on the schedule attached to and forming a part of this Supplement; provided, however, if the Plan Administrator determines that any amount set forth in such schedule has been incorrectly calculated, for whatever reason, the correct amount shall be the amount payable or credited to such Participant, notwithstanding the inclusion of such incorrect amount on the schedule. In no event shall a Pannill Participant s accrued benefit under the Plan be less than his or her accrued benefit under the Pannill Plan, reduced to benefit commencement date using the early retirement adjustment and commencement factors applicable under the Pannill Plan. B-4. Pannill Participant s Benefit at Early Commencement Date. If a Pannill Participant becomes eligible to commence a monthly benefit before Normal Retirement Date in accordance with subsection 5.3 or 5.5 of the Plan, such benefit shall include the amount of such Participant s Pannill Benefit. The Pannill Benefit shall be reduced by the applicable factors in the table in subsection 5.3 of the Plan. B-5. Form of Payment of Pannill Knitting Benefit. A Pannill Participant s Pannill Benefit shall be payable in any form otherwise available to a Plan Participant with a Retirement Benefit, subject to the provisions of Section 6 of the Plan. For purposes of converting a Pannill Benefit to an optional form of payment, the factors as set forth in Tables I and II of the Plan shall be used; provided however, that in no event shall the Pannill Benefit be less than the amount determined using the Pannill Plan s factors. B-6. Death Benefits. At a Pannill Participant s death before commencement of any monthly benefit to which such Participant is entitled under this Supplement and the Plan, a death benefit, determined and payable in accordance with subsection 5.6 or 5.7, as 

B-3 applicable, of the Plan, and including such Participant s Pannill Benefit, shall be payable to such Participant s surviving Spouse or beneficiary, as determined in accordance with subsection 5.6 or 5.7 of the Plan. B-7. Limitations. Except to the extent expressly provided herein, the benefits provided pursuant to this Supplement B for a Pannill Participant on account of participation under the Pannill Plan are subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan. Unless specified otherwise, terms used in this Supplement B that are defined in the Plan are intended to have the same meanings as given them in said Plan. B-4 EXHIBIT I TO SUPPLEMENT B Pannill Plan Actuarial Assumptions Definition: X shall mean Participant s age nearest birthday. Y shall mean beneficiary s age nearest birthday. I. Joint and Survivor Option Factors Percentage Formula to Determine Continued Actuarial Factor 50 .910-(.0050)(X-Y) + (.003)(65-X) 75 .871-(.0067)(X-Y) + (.004)(65-X) 100 .835-(.0080)(X-Y) + (.005)(65-X) II. 10 Year Certain and Continuous Option Guaranteed Monthly Formula to Determine Payments Actuarial Factor 120 .93 + (65-X)(.004) III. Late Retirement (age to years in completed months) 65 1.000 66 1.106 67 1.227 68 1.365 69 1.524 70 1.707 IV. For all purposes of the Plan, Actuarial Equivalent shall be based upon the following assumptions 1971 Group Annuity Male Mortality Table Set Back Three (3) Years Six percent (6 Investment Return Age to years in completed months 

B-5 SCHEDULE TO SUPPLEMENT B Pannill Participants Benefits as of November 30, 1989 Pannill Knitting Company Pension Plan Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 6106 2/13/1934 6/1/1972 42,506.00 18.0000 147,723.96 0437 10/3/1942 4/18/1988 836.61 2.0000 116.16 0205 10/27/1948 11/26/1979 2,324.41 10.0000 1,650.12 3990 6/12/1947 2/9/1987 1,268.86 3.0000 291.00 6605 3/9/1949 10/19/1987 1,326.73 4.0000 308.28 1452 4/20/1943 2/3/1978 1,039.94 11.0000 527.40 3702 1/7/1961 7/1/1987 3,288.39 2.0000 756.60 7835 8/27/1951 8/25/1981 1,269.44 15.1666 693.48 5565 1/18/1931 9/16/1985 5,171.58 4.0000 3,231.72 3755 1/2/1968 9/28/1987 992.13 2.0000 63.00 9947 6/9/1966 10/5/1988 856.05 1.0000 18.00 4544 8/29/1935 10/14/1981 1,357.36 8.0000 1,135.92 7351 9/27/1956 6/3/1980 1,257.69 9.0000 479.16 2023 9/2/1960 6/3/1986 1,188.81 3.0000 163.32 0934 8/10/1947 5/27/1986 1,020.11 4.0000 203.88 0136 7/24/1952 9/17/1987 898.28 2.0000 81.36 7412 6/13/1946 10/16/1985 7,986.78 9.4167 10,702.20 0986 12/28/1958 7/21/1986 971.14 3.0000 65.64 7696 1/21/1958 5/18/1987 865.70 3.0000 66.84 1303 5/7/1955 2/2/1976 1,397.69 14.0000 835.32 2582 2/18/1960 11/9/1987 1,047.97 2.0000 93.84 4442 7/8/1954 1/7/1976 1,095.72 8.4166 380.52 5835 11/1/1964 10/5/1987 1,332.93 2.0000 146.28 9979 5/2/1958 8/23/1987 961.01 2.0000 91.08 1473 7/26/1964 12/1/1988 1,517.57 1.0000 96.36 2057 3/1/1930 10/5/1982 960.87 7.0000 446.16 9324 6/25/1961 1/23/1986 1,488.91 4.0000 262.20 5914 3/11/1957 9/25/1978 1,199.88 11.0000 400.44 2487 11/26/1965 10/9/1988 946.37 2.0000 97.08 3665 1/19/1952 4/18/1988 1,408.84 2.0000 198.48 2613 12/26/1952 7/15/1986 1,093.62 3.0000 168.36 0866 11/9/1945 9/8/1975 3,027.44 14.1666 3,425.16 9009 11/23/1939 1/5/1987 5,624.63 3.0000 2,648.88 0652 8/18/1956 6/29/1988 1,259.70 1.0000 75.00 2436 1/19/1932 1/3/1972 36,931.58 18.0000 137,971.44 8728 3/28/1965 9/1/1988 1,076.51 1.0000 50.04 B-6 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 6409 3/22/1944 10/31/1973 682.57 11.0833 199.44 9700 5/15/1962 10/25/1982 1,282.37 7.0000 279.84 5239 11/8/1954 4/27/1987 1,224.94 3.0000 147.00 0702 9/9/1961 10/12/1986 1,491.88 3.0000 186.12 0933 12/28/1953 9/14/1987 1,503.94 2.0000 158.64 5305 12/2/1961 9/4/1986 1,634.13 3.0000 197.52 1772 8/3/1962 10/14/1981 1,627.42 8.0000 537.84 8994 7/29/1946 11/16/1987 5,377.51 2.0000 1,625.52 5821 9/20/1949 10/5/1988 1,119.90 1.0000 79.92 9467 3/3/1943 11/1/1988 8,685.91 1.0000 1,533.72 9403 12/2/1957 2/24/1981 915.01 9.0000 200.16 6945 1/31/1953 2/9/1981 1,018.77 9.0000 336.96 4275 5/24/1953 6/27/1988 2,726.72 1.0000 264.72 3955 4/24/1954 11/18/1985 7,594.63 1.0000 1,293.36 7733 8/31/1958 9/21/1978 1,279.99 11.0000 568.80 2318 7/22/1948 11/27/1973 1,564.72 16.0000 1,188.60 3432 12/4/1967 8/20/1987 1,405.12 2.0000 117.00 3443 1/1/1959 12/30/1986 1,112.68 3.0000 93.48 2417 10/1/1956 10/27/1986 4,028.97 3.0000 1,125.12 8847 6/3/1949 6/2/1986 1,103.45 3.0000 165.48 7819 11/11/1957 9/18/1978 1,458.57 11.0000 604.08 3876 10/28/1958 3/11/1980 1,157.84 9.0000 497.40 3849 10/2/1943 5/4/1981 1,609.51 9.0000 1,082.76 9130 4/21/1935 6/1/1986 850.77 15.2500 543.60 7509 2/21/1939 12/31/1979 1,128.11 10.0000 897.84 7297 4/26/1953 7/25/1988 1,474.60 1.0000 19.44 2145 12/28/1953 5/19/1987 1,302.88 3.0000 243.00 4659 9/22/1945 6/23/1986 1,437.95 3.0000 354.24 7425 7/8/1945 3/11/1980 1,105.40 10.0000 687.72 4413 9/22/2026 2/2/1953 939.41 8.4166 421.08 3315 11/15/1938 6/22/1988 639.34 1.0000 18.00 4902 12/10/1931 10/27/1981 951.69 8.0000 426.84 2725 5/10/1955 11/18/1985 1,262.91 4.0000 230.16 8008 8/24/1965 7/18/1988 1,454.13 1.0000 20.64 2296 7/3/1959 4/21/1986 1,154.07 4.0000 124.56 2431 6/15/1963 11/3/1986 1,048.00 3.0000 103.08 5963 10/16/1963 9/8/1987 1,146.86 2.0000 87.48 6224 7/10/1959 7/21/1988 947.88 3.0000 55.44 6312 2/15/1961 5/5/1986 1,106.69 4.0000 154.92 6649 3/31/1966 8/18/1986 1,474.78 3.0000 145.56 7295 6/15/1963 6/28/1982 1,499.64 7.0000 378.96 8338 8/31/1958 7/15/1985 1,119.85 4.0000 145.20 8531 5/7/1965 6/28/1982 1,515.12 7.0000 371.52 9474 8/11/1956 10/26/1981 1,151.03 8.0000 320.40 9637 10/26/1959 11/15/1988 1,156.72 6.0000 285.48 9981 1/6/1964 6/14/1982 1,334.62 7.0000 318.24 1026 2/23/1962 8/24/1983 1,229.18 6.0000 135.00 

B-7 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 1083 5/15/1960 8/1/1988 971.66 1.0000 48.72 1249 1/13/1959 9/18/1980 1,481.06 9.0000 503.04 3044 3/21/1960 5/18/1987 1,151.92 3.0000 128.28 3259 10/9/1959 4/8/1980 1,412.53 10.0000 412.44 3619 8/26/1965 6/16/1986 1,514.30 3.0000 156.72 3921 10/15/1962 5/17/1988 866.65 2.0000 53.52 6105 6/28/1962 5/26/1987 1,017.13 3.0000 99.48 6485 1/12/1961 5/6/1987 1,489.91 3.0000 204.00 6615 3/1/1960 1/11/1978 1,428.11 11.0000 677.04 7279 7/20/1960 7/7/1981 1,348.38 8.0000 391.92 7550 8/3/1960 7/15/1981 976.00 6.0000 154.20 8115 4/24/1961 6/14/1979 1,189.68 10.0000 357.48 8159 8/2/1961 8/16/1982 1,583.74 7.0000 458.28 8253 10/22/1963 9/29/1982 1,648.30 7.0000 510.36 8345 12/5/1960 2/12/1982 1,046.14 8.0000 188.64 9341 1/11/1962 7/7/1986 977.07 3.0000 136.20 0238 11/11/1966 2/5/1986 965.68 4.0000 72.00 1932 10/17/1960 3/24/1986 1,239.47 10.0000 415.92 2411 6/12/1960 5/13/1986 1,145.11 4.0000 163.80 2435 2/21/1962 4/9/1986 1,428.67 4.0000 214.20 2491 9/23/1957 4/26/1988 990.01 2.0000 83.76 3352 10/16/1959 10/30/1986 913.32 3.0000 66.12 3860 2/21/1963 6/15/1981 1,717.27 8.0000 575.52 4100 3/30/1961 4/17/1986 1,425.88 4.0000 253.32 6250 11/15/1961 4/6/1988 1,116.84 2.0000 85.68 6342 7/31/1959 4/20/1977 1,621.20 13.0000 716.04 6562 7/1/1962 5/12/1983 1,152.52 7.0000 364.68 6640 11/17/1958 10/3/1979 1,291.74 9.0000 579.12 6828 2/17/1964 3/16/1987 1,448.39 3.0000 189.72 7171 6/17/1960 8/2/1978 1,017.01 11.0000 254.64 7499 9/14/1962 5/19/1986 1,127.11 4.0000 195.48 8175 3/1/1964 10/19/1982 1,091.50 7.0000 268.08 8294 3/3/1965 8/22/1983 1,357.74 6.0000 202.56 8378 1/10/1964 5/5/1987 1,325.10 3.0000 130.08 8654 12/26/1964 7/10/1986 1,252.99 3.0000 136.80 1367 7/3/1962 9/22/1986 1,430.79 3.0000 216.00 2891 8/21/1962 7/18/1988 1,048.83 1.0000 35.40 3369 11/13/1965 3/10/1983 1,108.54 7.0000 307.08 4494 7/19/1961 4/22/1987 1,397.91 3.0000 158.76 4965 1/4/1961 3/17/1987 1,058.84 3.0000 197.52 5721 8/20/1961 7/3/1979 1,190.22 10.0000 303.36 6413 1/26/1961 7/27/1982 1,846.07 7.0000 527.52 7122 7/10/1961 8/15/1984 700.11 5.0000 90.00 7660 12/11/1966 4/15/1986 1,110.58 4.0000 124.92 8295 7/4/1964 8/31/1983 1,538.86 6.0000 318.36 8851 12/6/1965 4/25/1988 1,057.63 4.0000 96.24 9001 8/14/1962 5/7/1986 1,276.58 4.0000 202.92 B-8 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 0463 1/6/1968 4/25/1988 1,154.39 2.0000 87.36 0702 7/11/1964 10/19/1981 1,157.06 8.0000 315.72 1849 3/25/1966 5/28/1986 1,409.39 4.0000 228.48 2341 4/6/1967 4/29/1987 1,199.62 3.0000 151.32 2957 2/12/1965 7/13/1981 1,161.27 8.0000 285.00 4431 6/1/1961 9/25/1986 1,478.57 3.0000 205.20 5267 11/27/1962 6/15/1981 1,230.32 8.0000 309.60 5381 1/5/1962 9/7/1983 1,012.94 6.0000 206.52 5745 7/3/1966 5/5/1986 835.73 4.0000 72.00 5869 4/28/1967 8/19/1985 1,169.55 4.0000 127.68 7813 10/18/1964 9/25/1986 1,490.90 3.0000 217.44 8180 10/9/1961 5/4/1983 1,697.79 7.0000 412.20 8355 1/25/1962 10/18/1982 1,268.08 6.0000 361.20 8437 8/31/1962 7/13/1981 880.56 8.0000 177.84 2501 1/3/1961 7/29/1987 1,054.17 2.0000 79.92 2626 2/13/1963 7/13/1982 785.51 6.0000 127.08 2637 1/20/1961 11/18/1982 1,321.44 7.0000 328.92 2705 2/8/1965 5/10/1984 1,290.90 6.0000 214.56 2728 6/8/1962 8/21/1985 1,210.66 4.0000 189.48 2821 12/2/1960 9/19/1983 1,485.52 6.0000 362.40 3467 8/28/1961 4/20/1982 920.89 8.0000 230.64 4162 12/29/1962 8/31/1983 1,536.34 6.0000 295.08 4598 1/11/1961 7/30/1979 1,770.39 8.0000 626.40 5215 6/7/1964 5/2/1988 1,190.27 2.0000 106.56 5598 5/24/1964 10/8/1987 1,070.15 2.0000 86.04 6419 12/9/1961 6/11/1980 1,222.41 9.0000 379.32 6579 6/3/1962 7/15/1980 1,330.45 9.0000 409.68 6628 4/8/1960 2/24/1987 1,024.92 3.0000 102.00 8401 7/12/1964 5/26/1987 865.85 3.0000 69.36 9085 8/26/1962 8/17/1981 1,691.76 8.0000 525.00 9103 9/21/1964 7/7/1986 1,049.92 3.0000 93.60 9471 11/22/1962 10/29/1986 1,196.88 3.0000 165.60 9852 8/29/1965 7/18/1984 1,479.09 4.0000 406.20 0135 8/16/1968 4/12/1988 865.91 2.0000 51.00 2192 3/25/1962 4/25/1988 867.38 2.0000 37.68 3237 12/28/1960 8/20/1986 1,088.94 3.0000 129.24 3978 5/16/1965 10/3/1983 1,286.86 6.0000 277.44 4116 8/9/1965 6/25/1984 1,437.47 5.0000 235.32 4629 10/23/1961 11/5/1979 2,051.55 10.0000 974.88 4882 8/22/1962 7/23/1985 1,200.12 4.0000 160.20 5137 3/13/1962 10/5/1983 1,246.64 6.0000 261.84 5534 11/16/1961 7/26/1982 1,263.23 7.0000 276.72 6656 10/7/1964 5/19/1986 1,173.15 4.0000 112.68 0900 7/13/1962 4/27/1987 772.67 3.0000 54.00 1000 12/13/1963 9/15/1986 1,143.13 3.0000 138.84 2026 8/4/1964 9/14/1982 1,711.46 7.0000 465.60 2927 8/28/1963 10/13/1981 1,525.18 8.0000 637.68 

B-9 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 3339 2/21/1963 7/20/1981 1,018.78 8.0000 258.48 3699 8/1/1963 7/30/1981 1,478.50 8.0000 453.60 3852 7/4/1962 7/14/1988 1,113.72 1.0000 47.76 4472 11/17/1962 11/9/1988 1,161.73 8.0000 245.16 5810 2/23/1963 9/8/1986 1,096.46 3.0000 152.40 6168 2/21/1963 10/24/1983 1,212.41 6.0000 292.56 6683 2/19/1965 6/27/1988 1,471.12 1.0000 95.64 0047 12/23/1963 8/2/1982 995.68 6.0000 183.72 0564 5/6/1963 10/5/1986 1,374.33 3.0000 153.96 0745 3/10/1963 7/28/1983 1,676.88 6.0000 476.52 1386 5/7/1965 12/5/1985 1,417.60 2.0000 158.88 3124 1/14/1964 8/13/1985 635.94 3.0000 54.00 3308 7/21/1964 9/6/1983 1,317.85 6.0000 277.92 3351 12/20/1963 7/27/1982 1,061.34 7.0000 161.40 5538 1/3/1967 10/12/1987 1,115.09 2.0000 97.32 6477 8/16/1966 6/20/1985 1,230.64 4.0000 147.24 6814 2/26/1963 9/1/1987 1,058.14 2.0000 55.56 9519 11/3/1966 7/29/1985 982.38 4.0000 72.00 3246 8/17/1965 8/21/1985 1,142.18 4.0000 175.80 3650 5/10/1964 6/2/1986 905.79 3.0000 84.12 4181 11/17/1962 7/30/1985 1,629.99 4.0000 324.72 5355 3/30/1967 8/29/1988 1,162.76 1.0000 35.88 5410 5/8/1968 8/2/1988 1,226.98 1.0000 49.80 5914 1/28/1967 4/14/1986 733.69 4.0000 72.00 6070 8/1/1963 10/22/1981 1,095.41 8.0000 315.84 6125 6/6/1966 8/15/1984 917.59 5.0000 151.44 7079 8/17/1968 6/9/1986 783.56 3.0000 54.00 8396 8/8/1965 1/12/1987 1,023.46 3.0000 79.68 8511 8/24/1964 7/26/1982 1,249.40 7.0000 305.76 8681 8/13/1966 7/15/1986 922.82 3.0000 60.24 0535 3/14/1965 7/17/1986 799.25 1.0000 31.08 0570 3/11/1964 1/22/1987 884.87 3.0000 74.88 3868 10/22/1965 6/5/1984 1,231.91 5.0000 177.24 6228 3/22/1968 6/17/1986 1,159.21 3.0000 84.48 6883 1/24/1966 6/4/1986 1,103.89 3.0000 85.68 9954 12/23/1964 10/27/1986 1,360.08 3.0000 157.80 0794 8/16/1965 11/10/1986 1,137.19 3.0000 84.96 1554 3/29/1966 5/18/1987 930.42 3.0000 62.52 2346 3/16/1966 7/21/1986 1,211.06 3.0000 102.84 2612 2/15/1968 6/9/1986 1,048.31 3.0000 130.32 2989 7/29/1967 1/7/1987 941.21 3.0000 61.08 7779 2/4/1966 8/1/1988 1,058.64 6.0000 136.80 9451 1/26/1966 7/28/1986 1,046.96 3.0000 99.72 9482 1/20/1967 8/26/1985 1,080.91 4.0000 103.68 0365 1/31/1965 10/3/1985 1,244.70 4.0000 143.64 0988 11/2/1964 5/14/1987 1,139.95 3.0000 114.72 2366 10/31/1965 7/7/1986 1,080.99 3.0000 129.48 B-10 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 5565 3/20/1967 7/15/1986 1,172.45 3.0000 77.16 5661 12/7/1966 9/8/1985 1,199.80 4.0000 156.48 7944 10/14/1966 6/18/1985 1,199.80 4.0000 134.64 8015 8/26/1967 12/3/1986 1,094.40 3.0000 126.36 8224 5/14/1969 10/20/1986 999.72 3.0000 83.52 8931 8/23/1965 3/16/1987 1,073.73 3.0000 89.76 4160 5/26/1968 10/14/1985 903.09 4.0000 72.00 5730 10/9/1967 6/5/1986 1,315.00 3.0000 126.72 9146 9/3/1967 10/17/1988 1,171.37 1.0000 46.08 2842 6/19/2029 4/18/1977 839.87 13.0000 978.12 6432 7/4/1967 1/14/1987 1,415.76 3.0000 163.08 8110 6/27/2029 5/4/1988 1,101.85 2.0000 162.12 8190 7/7/1930 5/12/1986 1,000.86 4.0000 254.52 8408 3/30/1931 2/24/1964 983.91 8.4166 417.12 3728 10/7/1967 2/8/1987 1,383.03 3.0000 182.04 7703 4/21/1932 6/9/1986 815.58 3.0000 101.16 8797 5/19/1931 8/31/1971 1,263.56 18.2500 2,411.64 9404 12/24/2029 10/5/1987 927.99 2.0000 92.40 9995 1/19/1933 1/16/1961 853.64 8.4166 208.56 7810 10/17/1930 8/21/1958 1,549.89 31.2500 2,174.52 8903 10/10/1934 1/2/1979 767.60 11.0000 198.00 9038 5/10/1934 7/15/1986 1,334.09 3.0000 268.80 9144 6/30/1936 6/14/1972 2,773.50 17.4166 4,818.72 9327 4/13/1935 6/26/1967 1,661.50 22.4166 2,324.16 1388 4/25/1936 10/6/1971 1,388.69 8.4166 870.24 1775 4/12/1936 5/2/1988 1,083.58 2.0000 140.88 9582 2/15/1955 5/18/1988 948.39 2.0000 57.00 1685 12/18/1934 10/19/1987 791.71 2.0000 79.92 2037 8/23/1934 10/29/1973 1,499.96 16.0833 1,676.52 5872 7/17/1939 10/16/1962 2,016.20 27.0833 2,643.36 5909 8/4/1937 10/30/1986 1,525.60 3.0000 363.60 5916 8/31/1931 2/8/1979 1,398.79 11.0000 1,142.88 6534 1/5/1939 2/28/1983 1,581.41 7.0000 925.80 6567 6/16/1939 6/16/1986 1,360.17 3.0000 259.44 6619 9/17/1939 10/25/1976 1,859.96 13.0833 1,991.16 6663 1/1/1939 7/12/1978 1,516.86 11.0000 1,345.80 7175 1/2/1938 1/14/1987 1,495.60 3.0000 371.40 7200 1/13/1941 7/24/1979 1,306.43 14.0000 1,140.12 0673 9/26/1938 7/7/1986 1,628.93 3.0000 506.16 0861 8/23/1940 9/15/1986 1,318.81 3.0000 262.92 4787 2/17/1939 5/27/1986 1,629.54 4.0000 576.00 7849 2/18/1942 8/4/1980 985.85 9.0000 403.44 7898 12/31/1934 1/19/1983 1,005.80 7.0000 368.28 7929 12/13/2025 10/16/1978 1,376.44 11.0000 1,252.44 8014 6/12/1939 8/1/1988 1,599.78 1.0000 148.68 8084 8/19/1935 6/15/1988 837.62 1.0000 43.56 8609 8/17/1935 6/9/1986 1,141.89 3.0000 143.16 

B-11 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 2988 6/30/1942 12/10/1986 1,199.40 3.0000 312.48 7709 6/7/1943 4/14/1987 883.87 3.0000 141.36 0155 4/1/1945 8/17/1976 812.72 13.2500 238.44 0167 10/21/1943 6/20/1986 1,551.28 3.0000 361.08 0498 3/19/1945 4/21/1987 985.32 3.0000 149.64 0518 5/24/1935 6/3/1986 906.45 3.0000 121.68 0527 1/25/1945 7/7/1981 936.40 8.0000 244.68 1040 2/19/1945 6/25/1986 1,516.84 3.0000 300.48 2286 3/1/1943 2/11/1986 1,061.69 4.0000 239.88 2390 12/30/1945 11/21/1974 1,550.30 15.0000 1,339.20 5190 7/24/1945 1/2/1974 1,401.40 16.0000 1,168.20 5534 11/19/1945 5/12/1987 1,258.56 3.0000 287.40 5614 11/11/1944 10/20/1975 1,608.42 13.0000 1,237.56 5698 5/14/1944 5/5/1980 1,112.13 10.0000 538.56 5711 4/28/1947 12/1/1965 2,164.37 24.0000 2,464.68 7372 3/24/1943 10/29/1979 1,456.24 10.0000 924.48 0079 6/23/1954 8/20/1979 2,176.58 8.4166 1,020.84 0178 12/12/1943 4/18/1988 872.14 2.0000 176.52 2404 9/28/1955 8/12/1985 1,028.36 4.0000 152.28 3334 7/9/1955 5/21/1979 1,250.79 11.0000 552.36 3967 8/24/1951 8/6/1980 1,021.92 9.0000 218.04 4127 11/21/1945 8/18/1980 1,043.16 10.0000 543.60 7778 7/15/1946 4/25/1988 897.84 2.0000 107.64 8798 12/19/1948 5/21/1986 1,341.72 4.0000 289.80 5758 5/15/1950 5/22/1972 1,866.21 18.0000 1,366.80 9996 10/26/1965 8/5/1985 1,340.14 4.0000 217.32 4926 12/29/1953 9/15/1980 1,370.30 9.0000 582.72 5437 9/25/1950 1/29/1970 2,018.15 20.0000 1,823.28 5784 6/10/1956 6/16/1980 1,296.99 9.0000 375.72 7620 4/7/1953 11/2/1983 1,326.46 6.0000 293.04 8804 6/20/1953 8/27/1978 1,455.87 11.0000 573.12 9026 5/25/1952 8/10/1979 1,154.97 10.0000 409.80 9136 12/23/1954 7/20/1989 1,016.87 5.0000 172.44 9174 3/18/1953 8/9/1982 6,897.98 7.0000 6,047.04 9230 1/3/1957 3/16/1981 1,038.24 9.0000 286.56 9465 3/26/1953 8/26/1974 740.25 13.2500 238.56 9554 10/29/1952 3/8/1972 1,945.89 18.0000 1,501.68 9601 10/26/1949 8/2/1978 1,279.46 11.0000 640.20 9754 10/1/1952 10/18/1988 997.94 1.0000 55.08 9771 11/10/1952 9/2/1975 1,647.81 14.1667 1,022.52 9913 9/15/1952 2/16/1981 1,640.75 13.1666 1,078.80 2866 10/1/1954 8/22/1984 1,974.86 10.0000 1,080.24 3409 9/1/1954 4/5/1980 972.01 9.0000 216.60 7017 1/13/1954 1/12/1987 1,328.07 3.0000 156.48 7315 5/29/1952 9/15/1987 1,085.50 2.0000 114.60 7925 1/23/1957 9/8/1986 789.04 3.0000 58.44 8356 4/17/1954 8/3/1988 1,099.91 1.0000 59.64 B-12 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 8932 5/19/1967 8/12/1985 1,372.79 4.0000 182.28 8989 1/4/1955 11/19/1973 1,175.85 16.0000 695.04 9521 6/7/1955 4/7/1977 1,134.17 13.0000 485.28 9909 7/31/1955 4/6/1987 1,048.09 3.0000 132.72 5524 2/10/1958 9/9/1987 1,127.36 11.0000 219.96 5817 2/28/1954 5/4/1987 1,746.60 3.0000 299.16 6584 9/14/1954 4/11/1988 1,409.97 2.0000 167.16 6781 11/19/1955 5/18/1987 1,088.04 3.0000 131.52 6920 7/9/1958 3/1/1977 1,783.94 13.0000 1,027.44 7015 6/6/1958 9/15/1987 657.48 2.0000 36.00 7022 4/11/1958 8/18/1976 920.55 13.2500 353.28 7128 7/16/1957 8/13/1979 984.18 10.0000 333.36 7148 2/29/1956 4/23/1987 1,403.77 3.0000 136.68 7226 6/11/1958 10/20/1976 1,306.52 13.0833 615.00 7380 11/3/1957 7/14/1986 844.54 3.0000 54.00 7391 2/5/1957 9/6/1978 1,278.58 11.0000 517.80 7406 2/9/1958 5/31/1977 1,697.95 13.0000 1,302.24 7476 5/6/1962 2/28/1983 900.54 7.0000 165.60 1208 11/5/1957 3/14/1977 1,486.79 13.0000 628.56 1554 4/19/1957 1/9/1980 1,725.68 10.0000 728.76 1637 1/27/1957 8/8/1988 1,371.92 1.0000 57.00 1816 1/22/1957 6/9/1986 1,466.86 3.0000 265.68 9857 8/18/1957 7/30/1986 1,003.23 3.0000 87.84 2708 3/8/1955 4/24/1978 1,142.25 8.4166 364.92 4602 3/14/1960 7/14/1986 891.37 3.0000 71.64 6260 7/14/1962 8/22/1988 2,463.46 1.0000 174.12 6740 3/3/1957 6/10/1985 1,140.70 4.0000 190.68 7469 1/6/1956 3/23/1986 1,559.65 4.0000 320.28 8794 1/15/1955 6/2/1986 1,293.75 3.0000 210.48 8967 2/9/1955 12/31/1979 1,774.12 10.0000 843.12 0100 10/17/1956 1/12/1987 1,094.25 3.0000 174.48 1154 8/26/1964 10/21/1981 1,332.51 8.0000 447.00 1693 9/12/1966 7/7/1986 1,274.63 3.0000 138.84 1983 9/4/1957 8/29/1978 1,104.80 11.0000 410.88 2683 8/17/1959 5/21/1984 891.53 6.0000 162.72 5007 10/24/1958 6/16/1977 984.86 12.0000 372.12 5149 12/25/1959 8/14/1990 767.83 3.0000 63.36 5670 8/19/1961 1/3/1980 1,768.24 10.0000 826.68 6037 8/18/1966 8/5/1985 1,314.76 4.0000 194.28 6299 3/5/1964 8/11/1983 1,886.03 6.0000 455.28 8702 1/15/1964 8/17/1983 1,567.89 6.0000 328.08 9150 9/17/1957 1/14/1987 1,424.83 3.0000 240.48 9312 2/4/1958 8/4/1986 1,237.14 3.0000 160.56 9525 11/20/1957 7/25/1977 1,655.19 12.0000 784.08 9528 4/6/1956 7/21/1986 1,316.60 3.0000 194.52 9926 8/22/1960 4/14/1986 1,043.95 4.0000 210.36 0432 9/26/1957 9/21/1976 1,110.89 13.1666 458.28 

B-13 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 0799 3/3/1959 4/4/1977 1,165.02 13.0000 504.00 2490 9/29/1961 9/22/1986 869.79 3.0000 89.88 3128 5/20/1964 7/19/1982 1,511.15 7.0000 398.16 4200 11/1/1957 6/23/1976 1,395.60 13.4166 531.48 6460 5/29/1958 3/27/1984 1,594.99 9.0000 652.20 6834 6/9/1960 5/18/1987 1,361.24 3.0000 182.40 7228 2/23/1959 6/12/1985 1,455.43 4.0000 264.00 7388 9/8/1958 7/14/1980 1,436.67 9.0000 739.08 7933 11/16/1957 9/27/1976 1,242.55 13.1666 485.76 9178 11/20/1957 7/22/1982 1,633.82 7.0000 387.12 9968 10/20/1957 8/15/1985 1,440.68 4.0000 258.72 1745 1/14/1962 8/13/1985 1,573.40 4.0000 274.92 2155 12/9/1955 10/19/1978 985.92 11.0000 353.76 3025 10/1/1964 5/16/1988 864.27 2.0000 36.00 3169 7/23/1964 7/16/1984 1,174.15 5.0000 331.08 4137 3/8/1957 6/2/1985 1,330.02 4.0000 237.96 4487 11/19/1959 5/12/1987 994.98 3.0000 70.68 6709 9/20/1957 2/5/1986 1,005.76 4.0000 141.48 7095 5/24/1963 6/2/1987 569.59 2.0000 36.00 7898 2/5/1960 8/28/1978 1,602.94 11.0000 959.04 8530 8/2/1960 6/3/1985 939.99 4.0000 101.04 8636 7/16/1959 10/21/1985 797.47 4.0000 72.24 8979 4/22/1958 4/1/1986 1,369.12 3.0000 296.88 9864 1/27/1957 8/21/1986 1,208.54 3.0000 161.28 0092 12/15/1959 11/2/1978 2,277.41 11.0000 1,277.64 2925 12/9/1959 10/8/1982 1,468.30 7.0000 348.48 4352 6/8/1959 9/18/1985 906.05 6.0000 108.00 5576 9/25/1958 7/10/1979 1,714.06 10.0000 628.80 6466 4/30/1963 7/19/1984 1,595.49 5.0000 279.00 6492 9/26/1964 11/10/1982 1,719.12 7.0000 416.88 6637 11/28/1958 3/31/1980 916.53 10.0000 183.60 7726 10/8/1960 1/3/1985 1,416.95 3.0000 180.96 8661 2/4/1958 2/14/1980 1,376.14 10.0000 550.20 9097 2/19/1958 11/12/1979 1,241.62 10.0000 393.00 9400 2/17/1959 11/2/1978 1,195.05 11.0000 466.56 9515 2/21/1963 1/23/1980 1,218.70 6.0000 281.16 1807 3/15/1959 1/21/1981 2,037.79 9.0000 850.92 2149 4/9/1961 11/4/1986 1,109.51 3.0000 123.60 2272 12/27/1959 2/2/1983 1,437.49 7.0000 324.96 2554 12/28/1958 8/23/1983 1,520.72 6.0000 352.32 3297 10/18/1958 7/12/1988 805.29 1.0000 38.76 5442 1/11/1967 6/17/1985 1,208.60 4.0000 173.76 5580 10/31/1958 4/3/1986 1,706.75 4.0000 347.04 6862 7/1/1959 2/13/1979 1,277.39 11.0000 497.28 7419 11/7/1961 9/4/1985 1,211.50 4.0000 164.52 7558 1/22/1962 7/29/1980 1,195.19 9.0000 431.16 7744 7/4/1961 8/20/1979 1,197.47 10.0000 390.48 B-14 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 8991 10/6/1959 8/15/1978 1,483.08 11.0000 637.32 9200 3/21/1961 9/18/1978 1,770.40 11.0000 855.36 9726 1/21/1962 8/10/1981 1,242.31 8.0000 354.84 3042 5/12/1961 1/12/1987 761.18 3.0000 54.00 4283 1/28/1967 8/26/1985 910.66 4.0000 72.00 4693 3/15/1963 9/14/1987 889.98 2.0000 50.88 4767 5/20/1960 6/27/1988 1,016.54 7.0000 361.92 4777 6/2/1962 8/18/1988 1,006.17 1.0000 33.84 5903 4/23/1961 7/8/1980 1,860.79 9.0000 650.52 6145 11/15/1968 4/26/1988 825.23 2.0000 41.40 6991 5/25/1962 5/2/1988 935.70 3.0000 177.96 8797 3/21/1965 10/15/1985 1,498.33 4.0000 234.60 8995 6/7/1960 1/14/1987 1,096.86 3.0000 147.36 9028 11/10/1959 7/12/1979 1,593.94 10.0000 619.08 9064 11/20/1965 3/18/1992 1,014.85 3.0000 89.04 2009 10/8/1958 7/10/1981 1,287.51 8.0000 389.52 4144 8/10/1963 6/17/1986 1,358.77 3.0000 152.76 4156 8/10/1963 7/30/1986 921.77 3.0000 60.00 4641 3/26/1962 7/30/1980 971.46 9.0000 224.40 6018 11/26/1968 7/19/1988 1,067.51 1.0000 45.60 6126 8/19/1963 7/14/1986 1,133.83 3.0000 85.32 7015 12/24/1964 9/18/1985 1,198.36 4.0000 191.04 8094 1/8/1959 11/21/1985 1,181.01 3.0000 109.80 9760 2/7/1960 10/20/1988 797.94 1.0000 18.00 0081 6/26/1962 8/8/1980 1,227.01 9.0000 351.36 1080 11/23/1961 1/27/1986 1,508.15 4.0000 280.68 1959 1/24/1961 3/30/1987 1,476.30 3.0000 192.60 2577 9/5/1960 8/18/1983 1,194.98 6.0000 318.60 2998 7/22/1965 6/6/1984 1,007.01 5.0000 140.28 3104 8/29/1959 10/3/1983 1,449.97 6.0000 387.00 3850 8/12/1965 9/7/1983 841.26 6.0000 117.00 4722 11/20/1962 8/22/1983 913.49 6.0000 108.00 6523 9/25/1964 7/19/1983 1,382.76 6.0000 356.04 7722 1/29/1960 5/28/1987 1,094.19 3.0000 138.24 8068 9/18/1966 9/17/1986 1,327.42 3.0000 126.72 8859 11/11/1967 5/31/1988 1,208.89 2.0000 104.64 9221 1/25/1960 6/12/1978 1,329.75 11.0000 628.44 9235 3/20/1962 2/23/1984 1,470.76 6.0000 297.12 9637 11/10/1966 7/23/1985 777.85 4.0000 72.00 1463 7/24/1964 12/8/1986 1,089.66 3.0000 112.44 2327 1/24/1962 1/20/1982 981.26 8.0000 258.12 2465 6/15/1961 11/26/1979 1,198.63 10.0000 395.40 4055 2/20/1968 7/21/1987 1,118.32 2.0000 68.28 4397 5/19/1962 7/14/1986 1,263.95 3.0000 131.40 4570 4/2/1965 9/7/1983 1,113.11 6.0000 155.16 4875 12/24/1961 9/8/1980 1,461.13 9.0000 435.96 6127 12/14/1962 5/18/1988 977.64 3.0000 54.00 

B-15 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 6149 4/21/1966 8/8/1988 817.18 1.0000 18.00 7639 8/11/1962 10/7/1985 818.65 4.0000 80.52 8598 12/13/1962 9/7/1983 994.87 6.0000 119.76 1494 1/19/1965 8/8/1988 1,158.05 1.0000 50.88 2376 5/30/1963 2/11/1986 1,078.29 4.0000 130.56 2994 5/30/1962 7/27/1987 1,039.05 2.0000 67.56 3113 2/20/1964 5/27/1985 1,402.86 5.0000 296.76 4253 6/4/1962 6/28/1982 1,251.79 7.0000 285.60 5698 8/19/1963 10/5/1981 1,405.86 8.0000 426.24 5784 9/21/1964 8/24/1987 934.35 2.0000 60.12 6713 9/6/1963 8/23/1983 1,463.58 6.0000 340.08 6917 5/5/1962 1/18/1987 1,341.53 3.0000 139.44 7200 5/2/1962 10/17/1983 994.58 6.0000 159.84 9089 4/7/1962 5/31/1987 876.32 8.0000 144.00 4458 6/15/1964 9/20/1982 851.41 7.0000 126.00 5646 10/22/1962 8/22/1983 1,162.42 6.0000 301.56 7418 10/27/1963 9/12/1983 1,563.72 6.0000 430.92 8566 4/15/1965 8/17/1987 1,395.32 2.0000 106.80 8607 1/5/1966 6/25/1986 1,470.74 3.0000 150.84 8748 7/19/1962 2/17/1982 1,026.69 8.0000 221.04 0377 6/29/1965 2/19/1986 1,300.15 4.0000 171.72 0887 3/14/1963 8/11/1988 1,617.26 1.0000 94.92 3884 10/1/1962 10/5/1981 416.64 5646 1/27/1964 2/10/1986 978.92 4.0000 110.40 6518 7/15/1963 6/1/1987 1,060.20 3.0000 95.64 8994 11/2/1963 2/1/1984 1,366.85 6.0000 280.80 0387 2/16/1964 2/4/1986 1,110.85 5.0000 103.20 0474 9/17/1967 7/24/1986 1,310.08 3.0000 122.76 2332 9/6/1965 5/11/1986 1,537.32 4.0000 241.56 4647 9/14/1965 7/24/1985 1,279.59 4.0000 193.68 5358 7/22/1964 6/11/1986 1,098.69 3.0000 111.24 7524 8/30/1965 7/28/1986 736.24 3.0000 54.00 7542 9/16/1963 8/20/1985 1,106.74 4.0000 114.84 8389 1/31/1967 9/15/1986 1,207.82 3.0000 147.48 9625 5/3/1964 8/10/1987 1,354.68 2.0000 122.52 0756 9/15/1963 7/16/1986 1,071.74 3.0000 101.40 5018 1/23/1967 8/31/1987 912.51 2.0000 41.04 6551 1/26/1966 6/11/1984 1,119.10 5.0000 161.04 7350 11/30/1965 9/4/1984 1,109.60 5.0000 134.52 9580 12/3/1965 6/11/1986 1,086.23 3.0000 86.64 3035 12/17/1965 1/11/1988 667.40 2.0000 36.00 6999 3/8/1967 10/30/1986 743.24 3.0000 54.00 5200 9/3/1966 8/12/1985 961.99 4.0000 108.60 7559 12/24/1966 1/8/1986 6,165.12 2.0000 1,103.16 2768 6/29/1965 12/3/1986 893.73 3.0000 61.80 2873 5/1/1967 7/15/1985 1,034.33 4.0000 173.04 7942 3/29/1966 1/8/1986 1,547.30 4.0000 198.36 B-16 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 2560 2/1/1968 6/16/1986 1,158.35 3.0000 100.56 9374 7/8/1968 8/10/1988 1,441.78 1.0000 51.36 2651 11/6/2028 4/22/1980 1,058.56 10.0000 1,046.64 6178 8/26/1967 8/5/1987 1,139.30 2.0000 72.72 6227 2/19/1967 9/2/1987 965.27 2.0000 44.88 6230 11/20/1967 10/5/1987 1,046.03 2.0000 67.80 4176 6/23/1931 1/12/1981 1,069.21 9.0000 1,080.60 9521 12/11/2029 3/7/1978 1,266.79 12.0000 1,110.24 9598 8/1/2029 8/8/1960 1,520.51 29.2500 2,668.20 9608 8/29/2029 7/29/1946 1,407.79 43.3333 1,371.00 9609 6/14/1930 7/24/1967 1,099.03 22.3333 1,280.16 9650 1/16/1931 5/20/1964 2,026.04 26.0000 3,671.40 9982 9/21/1930 8/2/1960 1,290.36 29.2500 1,811.88 0706 6/26/1931 1/24/1966 933.58 8.4166 399.24 1057 4/13/1931 11/3/1980 950.81 9.0000 366.60 1302 8/24/2028 8/8/1984 1,482.00 5.0000 562.32 6147 1/25/1930 1/6/1977 875.07 3.0000 161.88 1109 3/8/1936 7/23/1973 950.58 16.3333 637.92 1354 2/18/1938 7/17/1974 1,081.98 10.3333 651.12 5056 2/13/1938 9/6/1983 1,150.17 6.0000 603.60 5734 11/26/1934 12/9/1986 1,014.19 3.0000 188.52 6524 4/13/1937 5/2/1988 1,177.65 2.0000 254.04 5411 2/10/1936 2/15/1973 1,385.08 17.0000 1,552.44 5436 3/20/1936 9/25/1985 1,187.18 4.0000 281.16 5472 8/16/1936 4/2/1973 1,436.35 17.0000 1,786.92 5554 9/8/1940 9/8/1987 1,516.60 2.0000 228.48 5575 5/24/1938 7/28/1982 1,003.29 7.0000 432.72 5742 10/29/1938 8/26/1958 1,025.35 31.2500 859.68 5808 6/6/1939 3/9/1964 1,906.14 8.4166 1,432.08 5842 12/28/1939 1/6/1964 1,152.37 8.4166 751.68 6046 11/19/1938 5/24/1982 1,142.78 8.0000 490.92 6082 11/8/1938 6/23/1986 728.84 8.0000 192.24 6137 3/29/1937 9/23/1985 912.56 3.0000 75.24 7231 2/14/1939 9/8/1980 1,125.63 9.0000 609.72 7373 6/3/1936 3/9/1981 1,079.96 9.0000 563.28 7435 1/12/1938 10/1/1974 1,126.04 15.1666 840.72 7451 2/7/1940 11/29/1981 2,318.63 8.0000 1,794.36 9206 4/27/1939 7/28/1986 1,189.21 3.0000 226.32 0009 3/11/1939 8/1/1988 1,115.09 1.0000 68.88 0068 5/29/1943 9/12/1984 1,080.21 5.0000 246.00 0333 4/8/1942 11/1/1976 1,244.90 8.4166 707.40 0426 9/7/1942 6/4/1973 1,854.73 16.4166 1,965.60 1038 12/23/1932 7/25/1988 1,064.98 1.0000 78.48 1386 7/20/1943 10/21/1976 961.31 13.0833 501.96 2523 6/12/1941 6/8/1987 1,324.31 2.0000 107.76 0018 10/13/1944 5/30/1978 1,572.71 12.0000 1,157.64 0085 6/1/1942 6/2/1986 658.17 2.0000 36.00 

B-17 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 0199 7/27/1944 10/2/1973 1,537.79 16.0833 1,369.32 0236 11/18/1943 2/21/1977 1,825.89 13.0000 1,504.20 0543 9/7/1944 1/20/1965 1,477.93 25.0000 1,537.32 0578 1/23/1946 1/9/1984 1,477.74 6.0000 513.24 0661 7/7/1945 6/8/1976 1,426.70 13.4166 1,140.48 0666 11/13/1944 6/9/1986 1,634.17 4.0000 406.56 0679 5/2/1945 4/8/1980 1,021.61 10.0000 427.68 0968 4/3/1945 6/20/1978 1,678.41 11.0000 1,084.92 2280 3/12/1946 9/7/1982 1,104.52 7.0000 424.32 2404 12/30/1944 4/13/1977 1,476.35 13.0000 1,035.96 1493 12/26/1952 12/15/1975 3,273.21 8.4166 2,099.04 2000 12/4/1953 5/23/1977 17,342.41 13.0000 26,212.44 3334 3/29/1948 8/1/1973 1,415.95 16.3333 1,211.28 3739 12/27/1944 8/13/1984 1,232.59 5.0000 429.00 7767 8/12/1950 8/21/1984 801.62 5.0000 176.88 7776 2/7/1943 9/26/1977 1,004.61 12.0000 587.40 7791 3/17/1954 8/5/1980 1,275.75 9.0000 505.56 7989 11/1/1948 9/12/1972 905.25 16.1666 540.00 8051 9/2/1949 7/28/1986 951.25 3.0000 98.52 8095 9/5/1951 9/6/1977 1,129.86 13.0000 569.40 8185 3/24/1946 1/12/1965 2,090.76 25.0000 2,620.68 8445 6/21/1949 5/25/1978 1,863.13 18.1666 1,707.12 8629 2/18/1948 7/19/1978 1,394.82 11.0000 830.76 8679 8/29/1949 7/21/1980 1,130.95 9.0000 444.48 8763 4/27/1948 2/15/1971 1,811.11 8.4166 927.84 8926 8/31/1946 1/19/1987 907.05 3.0000 111.00 8967 10/1/1960 9/17/1979 1,448.04 10.0000 561.60 9117 5/24/1953 8/26/1985 1,099.89 4.0000 184.92 9167 5/2/1952 8/5/1970 1,533.52 14.3333 893.76 9171 1/2/1951 1/27/1983 1,446.38 7.0000 324.00 9273 1/16/1948 5/17/1979 1,149.09 11.0000 417.72 9339 10/26/1948 10/14/1974 977.37 15.0833 540.00 9400 3/30/1947 11/29/1982 1,124.58 7.0000 441.96 9432 12/18/1961 5/6/1984 1,197.75 6.0000 328.20 9444 1/10/1943 5/14/1984 1,185.55 6.0000 453.84 9482 12/19/1948 1/5/1981 2,218.63 9.0000 1,370.52 9529 3/7/1961 8/8/1979 1,375.65 10.0000 488.16 9718 3/5/1944 5/12/1987 1,116.88 4.0000 375.00 9729 9/16/1956 7/20/1981 1,524.87 8.0000 615.60 9738 11/8/1946 9/8/1986 1,154.88 3.0000 144.60 5925 10/19/1963 7/13/1982 1,011.72 7.0000 126.00 5993 10/5/1946 10/14/1976 1,063.72 13.0833 554.04 6072 9/11/1946 4/21/1981 1,854.34 9.0000 1,139.28 6166 4/24/1950 2/9/1981 888.77 4.0000 104.64 6270 4/21/1936 8/21/1978 1,168.63 11.0000 854.76 6311 10/6/1946 11/19/1974 1,407.21 15.0000 1,048.68 6351 3/13/1946 7/11/1966 778.12 23.3333 540.00 B-18 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 6401 5/24/1946 3/26/1987 1,109.53 3.0000 192.84 6471 2/1/1938 4/30/1980 1,315.28 10.0000 1,019.88 6701 5/21/1947 5/26/1987 1,171.15 3.0000 277.08 6709 11/28/1946 7/16/1987 2,141.57 2.0000 366.72 6777 8/11/1947 4/7/1987 968.18 3.0000 167.76 6918 9/22/1949 3/19/1973 1,368.60 17.0000 1,005.96 7060 6/30/1949 5/16/1984 1,284.35 6.0000 426.12 7102 2/18/1947 2/18/1983 1,646.95 7.0000 905.88 7197 8/23/1949 2/3/1975 1,300.17 15.0000 829.68 8739 2/6/1950 1/11/1984 1,506.70 6.0000 498.48 4734 7/6/1949 1/15/1979 1,184.65 11.0000 489.84 7505 6/10/1950 8/25/1983 1,233.03 8.4166 473.16 7507 9/22/1950 9/7/1982 1,024.60 7.0000 324.60 7523 3/26/1953 11/10/1980 1,935.11 9.0000 897.00 7779 3/4/1951 6/9/1969 1,304.82 20.4166 919.32 8870 3/11/1950 5/24/1988 1,502.99 2.0000 174.96 8895 12/6/1949 9/2/1969 1,661.22 19.1666 1,260.96 8963 6/23/1954 9/3/1980 1,420.14 9.0000 630.60 8983 11/11/1950 5/5/1986 758.86 5.0000 90.00 8999 7/5/1963 3/2/1982 1,184.00 8.0000 318.72 9054 3/11/1950 10/15/1981 1,066.03 8.0000 440.52 9189 4/30/1949 12/7/1971 1,787.57 18.0000 1,523.40 9228 5/12/1950 9/9/1975 1,995.30 14.0000 1,461.48 9572 10/12/1950 5/26/1980 955.97 10.0000 298.92 9873 2/16/1950 7/20/1987 1,143.77 2.0000 125.88 9892 4/10/1950 1/3/1983 1,042.42 8.0000 328.08 9977 12/9/1949 8/18/1982 1,955.64 7.0000 941.16 2707 8/25/1948 5/22/1967 1,423.59 23.0000 1,327.92 2737 8/11/1953 6/10/1982 1,070.59 7.0000 299.40 2764 11/21/1949 7/10/1972 1,286.75 17.3333 894.96 2820 8/11/1948 2/28/1977 964.28 11.0000 244.32 2822 7/23/1949 5/14/1979 1,280.63 11.0000 668.64 3411 4/1/1954 5/18/1987 1,279.31 5.0000 276.00 3425 6/30/1958 1/8/1981 1,403.73 9.0000 540.72 3427 6/28/1956 9/22/1980 1,382.07 9.0000 499.80 3478 5/10/1950 7/9/1971 1,568.26 17.0833 1,156.56 3547 1/29/1960 5/28/1980 2,057.76 10.0000 1,003.92 3596 11/4/1947 8/22/1979 912.58 8.4166 291.84 3723 7/28/1953 6/1/1981 2,088.30 9.0000 1,047.12 3825 11/24/1948 4/29/1986 986.38 5.0000 98.64 3869 12/29/1949 8/29/1983 960.82 4.0000 72.00 4005 2/9/1965 8/29/1988 1,178.53 1.0000 61.56 4043 11/24/1950 1/12/1976 1,222.38 8.4166 517.32 5066 6/19/1959 7/18/1988 1,313.41 3.0000 126.96 6297 4/22/1950 6/1/1981 1,187.39 9.0000 489.84 1109 7/5/1950 2/3/1986 1,042.77 4.0000 192.72 1227 6/30/1952 9/29/1987 903.15 2.0000 65.76 

B-19 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 1270 8/20/1952 8/4/1986 1,013.43 3.0000 93.60 1290 12/5/1950 11/24/1982 1,792.65 7.0000 807.96 1315 11/10/1947 7/20/1972 677.76 17.3333 312.00 1358 1/22/1956 1/2/1978 1,547.09 12.0000 812.40 1428 7/6/1953 7/12/1971 1,773.98 18.3333 1,334.16 1632 6/19/1952 1/2/1980 1,324.40 10.0000 554.88 1665 8/15/1948 7/28/1986 1,191.82 18.0833 547.80 1676 4/12/1950 10/24/1983 1,100.36 6.0000 299.76 1697 9/17/1953 9/26/1972 1,793.22 17.1666 1,206.12 1712 4/6/1953 9/29/1988 1,492.07 1.0000 142.32 1878 2/7/1950 5/5/1986 783.28 4.0000 89.88 1886 3/15/1964 8/29/1988 963.78 1.0000 32.88 2033 5/2/1948 1/14/1980 1,464.37 10.0000 810.48 2045 4/18/1952 1/6/1981 1,414.22 9.0000 546.24 2104 3/7/1950 8/30/1983 1,318.88 6.0000 424.08 2184 8/27/1949 7/30/1968 1,078.91 21.3333 717.84 2609 1/1/1951 3/1/1972 1,718.31 17.0000 1,250.76 2663 8/3/1951 8/11/1986 1,263.53 5.0000 340.44 2664 12/10/1954 8/4/1983 1,934.14 6.0000 647.28 2780 4/9/1951 6/7/1979 1,525.05 10.0000 882.96 2840 4/3/1952 9/2/1980 1,555.07 9.0000 642.00 2891 12/22/1953 8/8/1984 1,376.17 5.0000 333.12 2950 8/30/1952 11/6/1978 1,550.70 11.0000 787.56 3075 6/2/1952 6/15/1970 2,030.32 19.4166 1,725.96 3136 7/17/1962 10/21/1982 1,913.62 7.0000 572.16 3162 5/9/1950 1/12/1983 1,105.49 7.0000 322.80 3236 3/28/1953 11/17/1986 2,124.35 3.0000 435.48 3409 11/8/1953 11/20/1978 1,151.28 7.0000 126.00 3424 5/26/1952 7/24/1978 971.49 11.0000 312.48 3667 3/9/1950 2/26/1981 1,358.75 9.0000 659.28 3853 3/27/1952 10/2/1978 750.02 11.0000 198.00 3950 10/9/1950 4/23/1980 1,623.96 16.0833 1,292.28 3991 7/14/1955 9/16/1986 976.66 3.0000 112.92 4035 7/18/1953 2/24/1972 1,292.01 18.0000 764.52 4049 4/30/1954 9/5/1985 1,569.32 4.0000 327.72 4053 11/27/1952 1/15/1974 1,169.27 16.0000 768.72 4103 12/29/1953 8/24/1987 2,018.45 2.0000 339.00 4165 9/6/1952 1/18/1971 1,601.46 19.0000 1,424.28 4230 4/1/1955 5/4/1981 1,943.26 9.0000 851.40 4305 6/17/1952 11/12/1973 1,749.20 16.0000 1,189.20 4611 11/14/1951 1/20/1986 1,301.47 4.0000 263.04 4640 12/9/1953 6/10/1986 991.69 3.0000 80.76 4644 4/17/1954 2/9/1987 1,176.70 3.0000 186.24 4763 8/13/1954 7/17/1988 1,095.41 1.0000 54.12 4850 1/10/1953 5/15/1978 2,375.96 12.0000 1,575.96 4906 4/15/1949 12/31/1979 1,178.63 10.0000 438.96 4974 6/2/1947 8/14/1972 998.91 17.2500 635.52 B-20 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 5698 9/1/1954 3/6/1984 1,529.76 6.0000 470.04 7933 4/30/1956 5/12/1987 1,181.77 3.0000 196.92 9391 4/20/1954 2/11/1976 948.27 14.0000 370.80 9479 5/20/1953 5/2/1988 1,447.50 2.0000 174.48 9493 9/26/1955 7/23/1973 1,485.16 16.3333 967.56 9550 2/9/1955 6/30/1976 1,001.42 13.4167 365.40 2149 9/10/1959 7/20/1988 1,046.74 1.0000 50.16 5803 5/22/1952 8/3/1988 1,212.70 1.0000 109.32 7563 10/22/1967 8/27/1986 1,057.76 3.0000 114.84 7684 10/28/1955 11/1/1987 1,264.05 2.0000 127.32 7689 8/1/1957 7/7/1986 1,011.86 3.0000 111.96 7710 3/5/1954 6/22/1977 2,390.71 8.4166 1,262.04 7743 11/30/1954 10/29/1986 1,042.17 3.0000 116.04 7839 1/29/1952 11/2/1987 1,133.04 2.0000 123.60 7843 10/8/1954 5/24/1988 1,000.81 2.0000 98.28 7888 8/21/1955 8/8/1974 906.24 12.0000 709.44 7904 6/1/1955 5/18/1979 1,268.76 11.0000 479.16 7995 3/20/1954 10/24/1979 1,645.50 10.0000 798.72 8029 1/30/1955 9/27/1982 1,866.15 7.0000 679.68 8251 12/25/1954 7/25/1973 1,436.12 16.3333 874.20 8280 10/5/1954 4/24/1978 1,537.13 8.4166 542.64 8443 12/9/1955 2/14/1977 1,000.18 8.4166 295.92 8463 2/1/1957 1/14/1987 764.17 2.0000 36.00 8672 7/12/1956 7/15/1985 1,247.94 4.0000 183.60 8694 7/29/1955 6/13/1984 1,029.57 5.0000 134.28 8705 6/29/1956 7/21/1986 1,162.44 3.0000 157.32 8757 5/16/1956 11/9/1986 1,334.80 3.0000 186.84 8769 3/12/1952 2/5/1979 1,269.86 11.0000 494.40 8912 4/25/1956 4/22/1979 1,028.86 8.4166 402.48 9023 8/4/1956 8/5/1987 1,514.23 2.0000 177.84 9142 6/4/1954 4/15/1986 1,352.39 4.0000 296.64 9220 3/6/1952 1/9/1980 1,245.89 10.0000 497.04 9273 9/6/1953 5/8/1984 1,430.16 6.0000 384.48 9320 3/16/1958 8/2/1976 1,582.91 13.2500 997.68 9389 7/13/1954 9/21/1976 1,198.60 8.4166 411.00 9581 1/13/1955 5/28/1975 1,817.23 15.0000 1,179.36 9606 4/13/1954 8/5/1986 1,188.07 3.0000 159.72 9658 2/14/1956 5/23/1988 1,364.76 2.0000 198.24 9743 9/28/1956 2/12/1980 1,489.89 10.0000 753.48 9847 5/22/1955 11/27/1979 1,350.64 10.0000 735.60 9870 2/17/1954 10/28/1974 1,567.19 15.0833 924.00 9893 7/5/1954 8/20/1987 1,078.51 2.0000 96.60 9944 2/27/1953 3/4/1986 922.98 4.0000 129.48 0046 3/24/1958 10/7/1985 1,526.63 4.0000 289.20 0068 9/27/1955 11/3/1980 1,646.74 9.0000 768.84 0121 2/14/1957 11/3/1986 358.17 1.0000 18.00 0142 12/24/1954 10/9/1978 1,515.26 8.4166 648.00 

B-21 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 0156 10/3/1953 7/29/1980 1,698.51 17.4166 1,317.24 0202 1/14/1956 4/17/1980 1,340.27 10.0000 402.84 0268 12/20/1956 9/10/1974 1,656.55 15.1666 845.28 0337 1/8/1956 9/10/1974 1,393.77 15.1666 725.76 0368 11/27/1956 10/21/1974 1,961.20 15.0833 1,242.60 0402 1/3/1956 9/28/1987 1,018.02 2.0000 83.16 0419 10/14/1954 8/17/1983 994.04 6.0000 191.52 0428 5/9/1958 11/14/1982 1,487.45 7.0000 480.96 0433 10/1/1956 9/29/1978 1,397.21 11.0000 449.28 0440 12/12/1963 8/3/1982 1,767.87 7.0000 447.96 0519 7/31/1956 12/9/1986 950.42 3.0000 99.36 0556 2/20/1958 7/29/1985 1,608.01 4.0000 295.80 0605 2/18/1956 6/17/1980 1,777.94 9.0000 816.36 0681 11/13/1957 8/24/1982 1,439.21 7.0000 379.56 0698 12/3/1960 5/27/1986 903.97 4.0000 94.20 0777 9/18/1957 4/13/1982 1,046.91 8.0000 272.16 0820 4/13/1956 4/25/1988 689.38 2.0000 79.56 0880 11/8/1956 7/20/1986 1,400.78 3.0000 201.96 0927 11/12/1953 8/23/1982 955.87 7.0000 231.12 0930 10/12/1955 5/26/1975 1,267.68 15.0000 576.60 0991 8/13/1964 6/9/1982 1,022.69 7.0000 164.16 1000 12/25/1964 8/26/1987 972.64 2.0000 54.48 1094 3/9/1955 2/8/1972 1,299.80 6.0000 329.88 1124 1/11/1956 4/9/1986 1,457.61 4.0000 189.12 1168 6/11/1955 7/14/1982 1,381.40 7.0000 432.36 1240 1/7/1954 9/20/1979 1,130.41 10.0000 438.72 1279 2/29/1956 9/13/1976 1,465.27 8.4166 425.04 1371 12/18/1955 8/26/1985 932.24 4.0000 87.60 1438 3/6/1957 4/21/1980 1,648.06 10.0000 752.88 1440 1/4/1963 10/21/1985 1,618.31 4.0000 261.12 1648 11/11/1955 8/2/1978 1,606.93 11.0000 792.00 1676 9/20/1967 10/3/1983 1,352.44 6.0000 260.88 1720 8/27/1957 11/7/1979 1,458.38 10.0000 583.08 1763 10/14/1962 7/11/1988 1,122.92 1.0000 47.04 1789 6/17/1956 7/9/1979 2,544.81 10.0000 1,479.12 1857 12/22/1958 8/13/1982 1,901.54 7.0000 595.80 1885 4/7/1957 8/20/1985 1,537.23 4.0000 285.84 1936 10/1/1959 9/10/1992 867.05 4.0000 111.72 1944 12/22/1956 5/12/1980 969.50 10.0000 264.48 1975 5/27/1959 4/17/1986 1,365.47 4.0000 244.80 2014 6/27/1952 11/12/1973 990.56 16.0000 540.00 2034 11/14/1955 4/28/1980 1,325.57 10.0000 506.40 2069 3/4/1955 11/29/1973 1,714.84 16.0000 1,143.60 2130 2/27/1959 9/11/1985 1,214.18 4.0000 204.72 2132 10/31/1958 2/25/1980 853.03 10.0000 180.00 2151 12/9/1955 11/4/1985 1,474.91 4.0000 282.36 2174 3/21/1957 1/19/1978 1,097.42 12.0000 459.24 B-22 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 2217 7/3/1958 9/1/1977 1,314.25 12.0000 537.36 2410 1/25/1960 9/2/1982 1,384.62 7.0000 360.00 2427 7/6/1957 11/14/1988 896.97 1.0000 49.80 2481 5/8/1959 8/26/1985 1,365.36 4.0000 202.20 2578 1/5/1957 6/11/1979 1,169.86 10.0000 426.12 2585 4/20/1968 8/4/1987 1,144.11 2.0000 80.04 2608 10/19/1956 3/4/1992 1,893.13 11.0000 998.76 2639 5/26/1964 8/24/1982 992.59 7.0000 148.44 2744 6/17/1956 8/4/1986 1,362.71 3.0000 166.80 2745 2/4/1957 7/30/1979 1,563.66 10.0000 708.48 2846 12/9/1955 11/14/1974 1,704.49 15.0000 982.68 2855 5/14/1956 7/8/1985 1,486.96 4.0000 288.84 2870 12/22/1956 7/10/1978 1,604.94 11.0000 758.04 3182 10/29/1957 5/21/1984 1,054.44 6.0000 185.52 3252 2/6/1967 7/26/1988 1,122.80 1.0000 18.00 3281 6/9/1956 12/2/1986 953.04 3.0000 102.72 3295 4/26/1958 9/8/1988 1,343.03 1.0000 92.52 3374 1/2/1963 4/18/1988 1,116.23 2.0000 83.40 3390 7/24/1957 11/3/1986 1,482.46 3.0000 221.76 3401 8/31/1963 7/24/1988 1,703.27 1.0000 153.96 3402 4/30/1956 8/16/1987 1,261.09 2.0000 99.12 3506 9/17/1963 9/29/1986 1,087.98 3.0000 92.40 3536 5/8/1956 1/24/1978 1,691.13 12.0000 940.44 3584 3/23/1964 11/1/1982 1,263.52 7.0000 250.92 3635 9/3/1960 8/14/1978 1,240.72 11.0000 483.36 3738 1/25/1962 5/30/1985 1,784.33 5.0000 337.08 3762 2/13/1953 9/6/1983 1,161.45 6.0000 294.48 3779 1/28/1959 3/10/1980 1,972.87 10.0000 958.92 3825 12/25/1965 7/16/1984 911.41 5.0000 93.00 3969 4/20/1955 6/8/1976 1,244.93 14.0000 626.28 3999 1/9/1958 9/11/1984 1,100.58 5.0000 181.80 4000 3/18/1963 4/13/1982 1,235.48 8.0000 295.44 4033 12/28/1954 6/11/1984 1,296.54 5.0000 243.00 4066 5/23/1958 5/22/1979 1,503.86 10.0000 802.44 4075 1/13/1955 8/12/1985 1,117.47 4.0000 171.36 4084 12/29/1957 10/17/1978 1,606.63 11.0000 852.24 4170 8/22/1958 11/18/1982 1,735.56 7.0000 630.24 4212 4/4/1959 10/6/1977 1,594.65 12.0000 822.00 4251 7/11/1961 1/16/1980 1,593.66 10.0000 693.00 4265 8/30/1957 9/30/1979 1,711.09 10.0000 771.96 4266 9/3/1960 5/12/1986 1,508.56 4.0000 296.16 4444 9/27/1967 3/17/1986 1,444.40 4.0000 209.28 4448 4/9/1959 10/7/1979 1,357.58 10.0000 543.60 4480 6/24/1958 8/24/1986 1,329.06 3.0000 160.56 4484 4/1/1964 4/20/1988 776.68 2.0000 36.00 4553 1/3/1957 7/16/1986 927.03 6.0000 133.92 4586 7/4/1959 12/15/1986 2,674.60 3.0000 563.52 

B-23 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 4707 12/6/1956 5/27/1986 1,098.82 4.0000 176.76 4715 1/10/1957 10/21/1976 1,571.71 13.0833 749.28 4718 4/6/1956 7/6/1981 1,240.03 8.0000 441.36 4719 11/21/1958 5/14/1979 1,369.10 11.0000 827.76 4729 4/21/1958 10/20/1981 2,043.13 8.0000 857.88 4761 12/31/1956 8/23/1982 1,019.55 7.0000 213.24 4764 8/30/1959 6/24/1982 1,523.30 7.0000 499.44 4781 2/7/1965 11/6/1986 1,321.75 3.0000 165.72 2054 9/24/1955 6/23/1986 849.57 3.0000 65.04 2658 5/23/1955 6/13/1988 839.18 1.0000 34.56 0483 12/9/1962 7/22/1986 1,296.54 3.0000 136.80 2010 11/18/1961 11/16/1988 1,426.07 1.0000 111.60 2310 5/18/1963 5/2/1988 1,006.27 2.0000 63.84 2462 1/4/1962 7/9/1980 987.50 9.0000 239.64 3800 6/27/1963 8/25/1986 1,083.74 3.0000 90.12 3903 11/14/1956 6/1/1986 1,135.47 4.0000 162.36 4719 1/6/1962 8/26/1985 1,257.53 4.0000 192.96 8002 12/25/1959 4/14/1986 1,428.47 4.0000 234.60 8976 4/3/1963 9/2/1981 894.33 8.0000 179.52 9522 1/10/1964 8/30/1982 1,096.17 7.0000 173.40 9712 4/19/1966 9/9/1985 1,660.10 4.0000 234.60 0768 12/25/1959 5/23/1984 979.84 6.0000 108.00 3027 2/22/1959 7/25/1988 1,301.12 1.0000 70.44 4396 7/1/1958 9/13/1982 1,238.92 7.0000 344.64 6735 10/25/1961 9/9/1985 1,248.12 4.0000 194.40 7007 12/27/1957 1/12/1987 993.43 3.0000 71.16 7612 6/16/1960 6/12/1979 1,128.19 10.0000 383.16 7713 9/13/1957 7/27/1988 1,170.14 6.0000 240.36 8397 6/20/1960 5/19/1987 1,156.42 3.0000 139.56 8758 11/23/1967 5/16/1988 1,002.99 2.0000 64.56 9152 1/23/1962 3/16/1987 1,486.16 3.0000 186.72 0058 7/25/1958 7/26/1976 1,705.42 13.3333 892.80 3392 9/28/1963 6/15/1987 1,754.28 2.0000 161.64 3764 2/16/1965 6/11/1984 1,391.66 5.0000 220.92 5241 8/26/1959 8/15/1978 1,463.40 11.0000 638.04 5284 9/27/1957 11/27/1985 1,325.04 4.0000 239.64 7910 12/2/1956 6/8/1988 990.59 1.0000 43.68 8325 6/16/1965 9/20/1982 1,043.48 7.0000 209.88 0231 1/16/1960 8/14/1985 1,091.68 4.0000 179.04 0294 12/28/1959 1/27/1986 1,834.82 4.0000 346.80 0408 5/16/1962 10/1/1987 1,253.21 2.0000 90.72 1767 6/19/1959 5/8/1980 1,320.20 10.0000 463.32 2004 10/20/1959 6/10/1981 1,218.89 8.0000 316.08 2181 8/21/1958 6/24/1976 1,274.46 13.4166 644.16 5096 1/27/1962 5/13/1981 1,325.20 9.0000 435.36 5570 5/16/1961 6/9/1986 753.11 3.0000 54.00 9475 1/25/1959 3/19/1990 743.61 4.0000 72.00 B-24 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 9478 9/1/1967 9/13/1988 1,007.49 1.0000 18.00 9661 12/13/1958 5/1/1980 1,203.33 10.0000 382.92 0894 8/30/1960 4/7/1986 1,318.34 4.0000 197.76 2980 11/2/1960 11/5/1978 1,612.79 11.0000 550.08 3004 10/17/1960 8/19/1987 1,204.76 2.0000 99.60 4048 5/2/1958 8/2/1978 864.82 11.0000 198.00 6567 3/20/1964 5/31/1984 1,841.77 6.0000 426.72 7286 11/22/1962 8/18/1981 1,609.32 8.0000 443.52 8113 3/16/1958 10/22/1979 1,499.85 10.0000 603.96 8942 11/21/1960 3/16/1987 1,076.58 3.0000 79.56 9671 10/24/1960 10/12/1987 1,043.66 2.0000 85.80 0395 1/13/1965 3/23/1987 1,368.63 3.0000 134.64 0538 3/17/1961 8/20/1985 781.86 4.0000 72.00 1039 1/19/1961 11/10/1986 1,040.88 3.0000 82.20 1207 2/10/1961 3/5/1987 1,235.82 3.0000 182.52 2678 1/9/1962 12/1/1981 1,232.00 8.0000 276.24 2783 2/27/1961 6/1/1982 1,943.12 8.0000 782.16 3174 11/20/1965 10/13/1986 734.69 3.0000 54.00 3602 2/9/1960 5/26/1983 982.25 7.0000 172.80 3788 1/5/1968 7/27/1987 1,050.37 2.0000 61.68 5441 3/26/1963 9/7/1983 1,530.15 6.0000 342.12 5496 12/24/1962 5/11/1987 1,328.28 3.0000 172.68 7060 3/9/1963 3/3/1981 1,321.60 9.0000 369.36 7205 5/15/1961 2/9/1984 1,751.31 6.0000 407.76 7492 11/23/1959 1/9/1986 1,562.73 4.0000 260.76 7736 7/8/1960 6/20/1988 1,006.32 1.0000 40.56 9392 5/14/1962 7/22/1986 1,093.89 3.0000 82.08 2117 2/5/1967 8/24/1987 809.67 1.0000 18.00 2562 9/5/1967 10/1/1986 1,145.36 3.0000 125.64 2709 4/20/1961 9/22/1986 1,428.50 3.0000 157.92 2934 5/5/1962 3/30/1983 1,673.66 7.0000 460.92 2943 12/16/1963 6/24/1985 1,329.45 4.0000 183.36 2985 8/19/1966 7/9/1986 949.88 3.0000 82.32 3293 9/18/1966 2/6/1986 1,021.45 4.0000 105.00 3598 3/14/1963 5/4/1987 838.41 3.0000 67.56 3684 11/10/1965 8/23/1984 924.08 5.0000 90.00 3703 10/7/1967 12/8/1986 1,152.98 3.0000 123.36 3930 11/25/1966 8/11/1986 1,410.90 3.0000 136.08 4006 3/12/1963 6/17/1986 1,280.14 3.0000 130.92 4209 7/27/1964 5/6/1987 1,080.14 3.0000 90.24 4337 12/22/1963 5/18/1988 1,224.26 2.0000 115.92 4399 9/9/1965 9/20/1983 1,006.83 6.0000 212.88 4731 6/11/1968 10/17/1988 1,144.15 1.0000 54.12 5031 3/23/1964 8/22/1988 1,187.50 1.0000 47.16 5069 4/3/1964 7/13/1988 987.98 1.0000 27.72 5073 3/24/1965 10/25/1988 877.85 1.0000 38.40 5081 12/14/1966 6/1/1988 1,477.19 2.0000 121.68 

B-25 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 5093 4/27/1965 6/7/1988 1,162.41 1.0000 52.92 5150 9/28/1961 7/9/1980 1,648.86 9.0000 603.12 5895 7/19/1966 7/13/1987 994.95 2.0000 59.28 6647 10/26/1960 11/8/1988 1,263.32 1.0000 57.72 8906 7/23/1964 4/26/1988 917.46 3.0000 135.48 9122 9/27/1961 5/16/1988 1,084.61 5.0000 90.00 0277 11/21/1960 5/11/1986 1,332.51 4.0000 227.28 1024 5/6/1966 7/12/1984 1,492.12 5.0000 234.84 2314 10/10/1960 11/21/1983 1,518.20 6.0000 419.16 2401 11/24/1960 8/1/1985 1,445.80 4.0000 227.16 3162 9/18/1961 7/16/1979 1,529.12 10.0000 776.04 4021 5/23/1961 11/7/1983 1,298.79 6.0000 208.68 4510 1/23/1964 6/24/1985 1,166.88 4.0000 173.52 5791 3/7/1963 8/5/1981 1,260.27 8.0000 212.04 6644 2/15/1964 8/2/1982 1,590.00 7.0000 400.32 7098 4/1/1959 6/12/1978 1,424.29 11.0000 570.00 8052 1/16/1962 8/20/1985 804.89 4.0000 72.00 9949 6/10/1965 11/6/1986 1,161.25 3.0000 121.56 1941 3/5/1967 6/13/1988 1,209.72 1.0000 18.00 2385 7/18/1964 7/26/1982 1,861.01 7.0000 473.40 4193 7/3/1961 9/19/1988 946.55 1.0000 32.52 4593 8/6/1965 11/19/1986 1,177.26 3.0000 121.80 6051 9/9/1962 8/27/1980 1,662.22 9.0000 526.80 6235 1/1/1962 1/14/1987 1,302.71 3.0000 169.08 6545 11/25/1960 8/16/1979 1,644.93 10.0000 625.32 6564 3/6/1963 8/26/1986 914.65 3.0000 94.68 6739 5/8/1962 6/9/1980 974.61 9.0000 267.12 6922 12/8/1961 5/4/1987 1,094.39 3.0000 100.56 9183 4/22/1963 7/15/1984 1,193.28 5.0000 180.84 9918 10/5/1963 4/18/1983 1,505.76 7.0000 418.08 9932 8/28/1961 2/17/1982 1,175.74 8.0000 372.36 9976 5/22/1965 8/15/1985 1,173.40 4.0000 210.24 0469 8/15/1964 6/7/1988 1,109.27 1.0000 30.00 1027 3/29/1962 6/9/1980 1,297.01 9.0000 395.76 1059 11/23/1963 5/29/1985 1,370.77 5.0000 264.60 2043 8/2/1962 9/14/1982 1,075.11 7.0000 242.04 2062 8/2/1962 8/6/1985 1,563.39 4.0000 291.72 2232 9/11/1961 8/21/1980 1,238.70 9.0000 368.40 4182 9/29/1962 11/4/1986 1,014.90 3.0000 89.16 4223 5/7/1962 1/10/1983 1,053.14 7.0000 219.24 5997 3/29/1967 10/7/1985 1,234.38 4.0000 134.76 6093 8/26/1968 2/23/1987 755.29 3.0000 54.00 6176 10/30/1962 6/12/1980 1,334.40 9.0000 441.84 7275 8/7/1963 6/14/1988 913.60 1.0000 24.60 7812 5/1/1966 7/26/1984 999.08 5.0000 122.64 9135 6/12/1966 10/27/1986 1,220.74 3.0000 113.28 9207 3/9/1964 3/2/1987 1,374.67 3.0000 176.88 B-26 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 0669 5/17/1965 8/20/1984 1,067.00 5.0000 110.04 1261 7/20/1965 7/26/1986 1,144.19 3.0000 107.04 2302 7/15/1966 2/10/1986 947.39 4.0000 72.00 4117 1/15/1964 5/15/1986 1,290.95 4.0000 165.60 5940 5/10/1963 9/9/1982 1,072.53 7.0000 209.64 8087 10/21/1962 8/2/1982 1,441.37 7.0000 361.44 9955 8/20/1964 7/25/1984 1,121.15 5.0000 170.64 0206 9/28/1963 10/7/1981 1,327.06 8.0000 391.68 0305 2/4/1965 4/27/1988 1,426.72 2.0000 142.44 0644 8/17/1964 9/11/1985 924.96 4.0000 98.88 2403 10/21/1963 9/29/1982 1,046.83 7.0000 241.68 6059 5/22/1964 10/27/1981 1,283.06 8.0000 304.32 6292 8/15/1964 8/3/1982 1,575.86 7.0000 389.88 6625 6/25/1965 10/3/1983 1,447.02 6.0000 330.00 7246 8/5/1967 8/1/1988 1,084.15 1.0000 37.44 7846 6/16/1961 8/13/1981 1,734.39 8.0000 566.52 9755 7/6/1963 7/19/1982 1,150.95 7.0000 240.24 2964 9/2/1965 6/21/1982 1,151.68 7.0000 126.00 3274 10/30/1961 9/12/1983 1,175.15 6.0000 233.40 4098 2/23/1967 6/11/1985 1,110.15 4.0000 122.52 4645 1/24/1966 8/14/1984 1,371.26 5.0000 120.12 7081 4/4/1963 7/15/1986 1,420.85 3.0000 164.40 7268 2/25/1963 7/27/1981 812.26 8.0000 174.12 7592 3/31/1966 10/15/1987 1,304.95 2.0000 123.48 7727 2/10/1966 7/11/1988 1,428.61 1.0000 57.24 1628 5/21/1965 1/5/1987 1,503.03 3.0000 183.60 2838 1/20/1967 6/17/1986 1,160.76 3.0000 79.68 3215 7/8/1965 7/21/1986 916.12 3.0000 62.64 4530 2/27/1967 8/10/1988 1,179.84 1.0000 89.52 6489 6/9/1963 3/28/1983 935.34 7.0000 126.00 6519 8/11/1966 9/11/1984 1,125.76 5.0000 164.04 6991 5/27/1967 7/18/1988 1,252.22 1.0000 53.16 7856 3/1/1966 3/2/1987 995.33 3.0000 82.44 7988 7/27/1965 4/21/1987 1,024.58 3.0000 87.72 1267 10/11/1964 8/1/1988 800.72 1.0000 18.00 3003 5/31/1967 6/8/1988 863.76 1.0000 21.60 8462 11/15/1965 5/27/1986 914.45 4.0000 93.24 0583 11/9/1966 7/8/1985 931.02 4.0000 85.08 4616 2/3/1967 6/20/1988 1,405.97 1.0000 54.48 9394 12/7/1966 5/3/1988 1,095.85 2.0000 96.84 1360 7/24/1967 9/17/1987 1,371.73 2.0000 112.20 3038 9/19/1968 6/12/1986 1,672.11 3.0000 182.88 3367 11/24/2029 8/17/1979 1,469.92 10.0000 1,202.76 3501 11/17/2028 11/7/1967 1,510.21 8.4166 1,396.56 4195 9/21/1930 4/29/1957 1,394.42 33.0000 1,676.76 0960 9/6/1968 7/8/1986 665.06 3.0000 54.00 9505 3/10/1966 10/6/1986 797.78 3.0000 54.00 

B-27 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 2640 6/14/2029 7/26/1982 1,032.78 7.0000 413.76 6062 10/15/1930 10/15/1979 1,039.52 10.0000 662.76 8391 4/22/1933 2/22/1987 1,905.45 3.0000 477.72 2347 3/22/1933 9/19/1983 976.40 6.0000 293.76 3911 8/22/1933 3/1/1977 4,887.49 8.4166 6,719.16 4837 3/30/1930 6/24/1982 967.21 7.0000 305.28 5098 10/31/1932 1/20/1971 1,364.40 19.0000 1,897.44 6326 6/25/1932 8/18/1980 1,024.59 9.0000 570.48 6462 7/23/1931 8/20/1963 1,608.53 8.4166 1,216.20 6615 2/27/1933 9/30/1981 889.35 8.0000 362.16 7571 12/4/1935 5/2/1955 1,503.40 8.4166 1,104.24 9632 12/9/1933 4/27/1987 1,039.36 3.0000 215.88 9782 10/9/1932 6/13/1960 1,102.65 8.4166 440.76 1395 2/2/1936 10/29/1973 1,005.29 16.0833 824.40 1859 5/5/1936 5/29/1975 1,154.12 15.0000 1,138.56 3517 10/19/1934 6/17/1985 1,630.20 4.0000 428.76 4186 11/7/1935 7/31/1980 1,653.67 9.0000 1,330.80 8242 7/9/1935 8/11/1986 1,007.69 3.0000 159.12 0996 7/15/1939 9/11/1975 1,590.27 14.1666 1,657.44 1492 5/6/1938 6/9/1982 1,017.75 7.0000 391.08 1884 1/26/1940 11/21/1961 1,539.26 28.0000 1,707.00 2060 7/29/1939 11/3/1965 1,560.16 8.4166 1,037.76 4736 2/17/1938 8/15/1988 1,413.53 1.0000 31.20 7931 11/4/1937 5/19/1986 711.44 4.0000 93.24 8055 4/27/1939 6/20/1986 1,702.99 3.0000 356.64 9437 7/3/1939 6/10/1986 979.21 3.0000 141.60 5985 7/10/1941 3/10/1963 1,592.57 27.0000 2,092.92 6061 7/11/1941 6/19/1986 1,221.30 3.0000 220.92 6123 4/11/1940 5/27/1966 1,091.82 24.0000 976.44 7202 4/1/2029 6/2/1964 1,159.75 25.4166 1,538.76 7275 2/23/1938 10/31/1973 1,373.18 16.0833 1,517.88 2583 10/22/1941 10/27/1988 1,238.27 3.0000 289.32 2701 3/17/1940 7/23/1980 1,117.62 9.0000 630.36 4017 1/28/1939 12/7/1971 957.54 18.0000 749.16 4027 1/20/1940 7/13/1964 1,250.03 25.3333 1,263.12 4066 7/6/1941 9/21/1987 945.99 2.0000 109.68 4086 11/27/1941 4/4/1972 1,890.12 18.0000 2,225.16 4184 8/6/1939 12/30/1964 2,345.54 25.0000 3,703.80 4248 1/26/1941 1/3/1967 1,710.06 23.0000 2,017.80 4526 5/16/1932 8/16/1984 1,183.62 5.0000 303.96 4704 4/8/1937 7/21/1988 1,197.24 1.0000 88.92 4712 9/19/1940 3/15/1977 935.31 13.0000 367.68 1618 1/20/1940 11/5/1979 1,701.58 10.0000 1,390.56 2634 4/27/1941 6/5/1972 1,128.82 15.4166 1,095.12 2647 5/28/1945 9/14/1983 1,345.37 6.0000 589.08 2678 3/21/1942 12/27/1965 1,757.06 24.0000 2,136.60 2827 5/5/1943 5/5/1971 1,116.47 19.0000 934.92 B-28 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 3042 10/14/1942 8/20/1972 1,475.32 8.4166 946.92 3048 11/27/1941 7/27/1959 1,431.77 30.3333 1,337.28 3146 11/20/1942 11/10/1980 1,705.55 9.0000 944.76 3190 5/1/1943 9/16/1982 1,864.76 7.0000 1,093.20 3348 2/16/1941 1/9/1984 1,860.75 6.0000 923.76 3449 7/15/1944 2/11/1968 2,024.39 22.0000 2,413.20 3450 7/27/1943 8/12/1963 1,751.54 8.4166 1,110.60 3881 5/6/1942 4/5/1965 3,061.57 25.0000 5,300.76 4087 4/10/1940 4/17/1986 886.15 4.0000 150.12 4158 1/1/1945 7/20/1981 1,537.08 8.0000 708.24 4166 10/5/1941 11/13/1979 975.12 10.0000 529.44 4183 4/20/1941 11/15/1961 1,403.29 8.4166 625.32 4186 3/4/1940 11/5/1979 1,272.15 10.0000 802.44 4291 2/19/1939 9/2/1980 1,112.95 9.0000 557.88 4337 12/6/1941 7/21/1988 1,778.84 1.0000 155.40 4338 9/11/1944 4/14/1971 1,188.76 8.4166 505.92 4461 12/31/1942 11/7/1971 1,413.97 18.0000 1,289.28 4558 12/31/1943 8/2/1965 1,472.34 24.2500 1,575.48 4935 9/23/1944 3/7/1976 2,109.04 14.0000 1,952.16 5841 3/2/1941 9/23/1976 1,033.38 13.1666 573.84 7225 4/12/1939 11/12/1973 1,069.82 16.0000 903.84 7896 4/13/1939 5/18/1987 1,319.86 3.0000 297.84 8617 12/26/1942 12/29/1976 1,359.71 13.0000 1,254.36 8705 10/19/1940 8/22/1988 998.67 1.0000 70.20 9131 7/1/1941 10/13/1987 883.94 12.3333 388.44 9369 4/9/1941 9/11/1985 1,120.42 4.0000 227.52 7671 6/30/1940 3/9/1987 997.19 3.0000 158.28 7868 1/19/1944 10/11/1982 1,251.87 7.0000 573.96 7888 1/12/1943 6/23/1988 1,151.13 1.0000 87.00 8635 7/23/1942 3/5/1981 1,114.32 9.0000 570.96 8650 9/18/1941 5/12/1966 2,134.82 24.0000 3,041.04 8698 5/17/1942 2/11/1980 914.67 10.0000 395.16 8739 9/22/1943 1/14/1980 1,635.86 9.0000 1,522.20 8789 4/15/1942 6/10/1982 1,647.67 7.0000 939.00 8897 5/7/1942 8/11/1987 1,009.31 2.0000 125.52 9499 9/6/1945 6/20/1963 2,944.60 26.4166 4,410.96 9872 8/28/1942 3/16/1987 1,285.89 3.0000 266.76 9929 4/10/1944 9/8/1987 915.58 2.0000 91.80 0592 10/12/1942 7/11/1967 1,230.59 22.3333 1,197.60 5006 2/14/1945 8/1/1967 2,059.35 22.3333 2,343.72 5595 3/20/1941 5/4/1988 719.59 2.0000 46.08 5640 2/9/1945 3/8/1976 1,174.23 14.0000 587.52 5674 10/19/1943 6/16/1980 1,287.07 9.0000 664.68 5714 10/22/1945 8/19/1979 1,652.03 10.0000 1,010.88 5745 6/27/1944 9/25/1967 2,009.34 22.1666 2,346.24 5761 6/26/1944 2/20/1979 1,114.68 11.0000 608.52 5951 7/1/1943 9/11/1979 1,433.66 10.0000 997.92 

B-29 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 6068 4/25/1943 11/7/1973 1,237.25 16.0000 1,049.04 6183 8/12/1944 1/23/1986 1,881.78 4.0000 674.28 7474 6/16/1944 7/8/1968 1,685.96 8.4166 971.76 9997 5/28/1943 5/12/1986 1,438.50 4.0000 378.72 0948 2/9/1944 3/14/1983 1,134.18 7.0000 486.48 1814 6/9/1946 9/2/1980 1,262.86 9.0000 672.48 2235 6/7/1950 6/30/1988 1,341.52 1.0000 107.40 2628 8/20/1954 1/23/1975 1,176.00 15.0000 486.84 3226 6/17/1953 6/12/1978 2,120.11 11.0000 1,272.12 4012 9/6/1960 6/19/1978 1,289.11 11.0000 485.52 5464 8/23/1951 6/14/1982 1,182.26 7.0000 372.48 7675 3/26/1957 8/30/1977 1,338.23 12.0000 520.68 7785 9/5/1955 8/22/1973 1,205.10 16.2500 704.52 4336 10/2/1946 12/7/1981 1,118.29 8.0000 463.20 0397 10/28/1948 1/4/1982 1,546.76 8.0000 765.96 0443 6/9/1951 10/19/1981 825.25 6.0000 263.88 0582 7/24/1946 6/2/1986 955.88 3.0000 145.68 1479 11/9/1947 7/14/1986 1,178.66 3.0000 192.60 4568 8/28/1949 3/16/1987 1,145.34 3.0000 241.08 4843 12/30/1949 5/12/1986 1,456.19 4.0000 331.56 2503 8/12/1955 8/26/1981 1,361.28 7.0000 453.12 2523 2/9/1950 11/13/1988 1,079.83 1.0000 99.84 2529 2/26/1952 9/28/1987 950.91 2.0000 61.56 2779 9/2/1949 4/22/1974 980.69 15.0000 540.00 3813 3/6/1952 6/19/1985 1,186.06 5.0000 269.64 3829 10/1/1949 7/22/1985 1,210.64 4.0000 264.36 3908 12/1/1953 10/27/1986 1,631.37 3.0000 269.88 3995 2/11/1951 3/18/1974 1,070.86 16.0000 577.32 4023 1/8/1954 6/2/1975 2,043.19 14.0000 1,352.40 4056 5/31/1956 6/2/1976 1,516.52 13.4166 806.64 4103 9/18/1954 7/29/1987 862.23 2.0000 65.76 4170 9/28/1956 3/27/1980 1,291.46 10.0000 461.40 4320 11/24/1946 10/17/1978 1,111.91 11.0000 539.88 4415 12/15/1952 8/3/1981 1,911.63 7.0000 703.80 4433 2/15/1952 8/21/1985 1,231.19 4.0000 249.84 4487 6/26/1952 11/19/1973 1,666.75 16.0000 1,179.84 4528 3/20/1953 5/24/1978 1,242.32 12.0000 568.56 4597 1/20/1952 7/22/1971 1,345.01 18.3333 960.12 4800 6/10/1954 4/9/1985 1,987.79 11.0000 1,036.92 4824 2/28/1958 11/8/1979 1,095.79 10.0000 303.60 4940 1/20/1954 10/15/1975 1,671.94 14.0833 952.32 0515 8/31/1951 11/11/1976 1,057.34 12.0000 540.00 0882 7/15/1950 4/25/1977 2,021.38 13.0000 1,409.40 1546 12/3/1952 11/11/1986 735.50 3.0000 55.08 0541 2/5/1956 7/23/1975 873.25 14.3333 306.48 1649 7/13/1952 6/6/1988 1,075.95 1.0000 61.08 1943 8/14/1953 9/20/1982 1,236.30 7.0000 459.96 B-30 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 5059 10/25/1954 4/25/1988 1,095.87 2.0000 122.16 7798 8/23/1953 10/5/1982 971.44 7.0000 210.84 7997 11/8/1951 1/6/1975 2,036.12 15.0000 1,469.76 8041 8/9/1952 9/17/1985 1,272.92 4.0000 267.00 8073 5/5/1953 11/20/1986 892.44 3.0000 108.72 8194 1/5/1954 9/17/1981 1,168.69 8.0000 320.16 8240 5/24/1965 2/11/1987 1,403.85 3.0000 157.92 8388 10/21/1953 9/12/1983 1,134.39 6.0000 313.20 8397 6/2/1951 8/16/1978 715.69 9.0000 162.00 8580 3/31/1949 11/2/1982 1,138.32 10.0000 501.00 8592 10/5/1956 3/1/1983 1,183.68 7.0000 269.16 8663 7/24/1953 2/3/1987 1,034.11 3.0000 153.48 8752 6/27/1955 11/2/1983 2,258.72 6.0000 788.28 8784 12/25/1953 7/21/1981 1,170.67 8.0000 315.24 8842 3/27/1954 8/10/1979 1,645.71 10.0000 818.40 8883 3/15/1955 4/28/1987 868.51 3.0000 64.44 8910 8/17/1953 9/3/1979 2,154.83 10.0000 1,258.32 8991 7/8/1955 6/14/1976 1,518.99 8.4166 468.36 9066 9/17/1953 10/28/1981 1,115.20 8.0000 317.16 9077 8/24/1953 8/26/1975 1,602.39 14.2500 600.96 9083 4/5/1955 6/16/1972 2,066.75 18.0000 1,580.16 9157 8/5/1955 8/27/1986 1,296.18 3.0000 188.76 3184 3/17/1953 7/14/1980 977.22 9.0000 276.24 3996 4/19/1954 11/12/1986 1,252.62 3.0000 200.28 7554 2/9/1956 5/31/1984 1,298.14 6.0000 294.96 7569 11/24/1953 3/17/1987 1,080.82 3.0000 174.72 7672 9/5/1955 12/1/1986 2,016.73 3.0000 390.60 7711 5/12/1956 12/3/1978 1,579.65 11.0000 700.68 7722 3/27/1954 9/19/1979 1,075.45 16.1666 734.76 7774 7/7/1957 9/9/1975 1,949.71 14.1666 1,176.36 7776 4/12/1957 8/21/1985 957.26 4.0000 118.92 8833 1/13/1953 12/8/1980 982.37 9.0000 281.04 8846 8/4/1954 11/13/1978 1,027.78 11.0000 198.00 8877 8/3/1952 3/2/1987 1,167.18 3.0000 171.60 8969 9/30/1955 8/6/1981 1,396.36 7.0000 480.96 9249 11/9/1958 1/3/1980 1,384.81 10.0000 536.88 9322 4/17/1957 10/20/1987 1,020.24 2.0000 131.40 9324 1/13/1956 5/2/1979 1,575.37 11.0000 765.00 9378 5/12/1956 4/12/1978 834.09 12.0000 298.20 9389 6/21/1957 9/18/1985 1,089.75 4.0000 140.52 9418 11/9/1967 6/17/1986 1,360.79 3.0000 162.60 9424 1/31/1954 1/24/1983 1,136.01 7.0000 312.48 9542 5/28/1955 11/6/1978 1,764.46 11.0000 751.08 9610 5/13/1955 5/11/1982 1,078.90 8.0000 321.12 9617 5/5/1961 10/22/1979 571.93 6.0000 108.00 9821 10/19/1955 8/9/1976 3,208.71 13.2500 2,758.08 9929 11/23/1952 9/5/1978 1,434.26 11.0000 760.56 

B-31 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 9942 12/20/1956 8/2/1982 1,430.18 7.0000 380.52 4026 5/3/1956 7/18/1988 1,249.85 1.0000 74.16 8288 9/19/1961 4/23/1980 1,217.97 10.0000 410.88 0140 1/17/1964 8/19/1985 820.15 3.0000 54.00 0352 7/6/1964 11/11/1982 1,790.53 7.0000 556.08 0779 4/27/1961 2/6/1986 1,421.89 4.0000 264.72 0974 7/29/1961 8/22/1979 1,176.35 10.0000 475.20 1171 8/20/1957 8/7/1978 1,306.27 11.0000 474.36 2360 9/21/1961 5/7/1984 1,693.70 6.0000 430.56 2462 9/29/1964 3/17/1987 1,366.15 3.0000 173.52 2993 9/11/1957 10/25/1982 1,753.96 7.0000 564.72 3538 5/24/1957 6/9/1975 1,675.21 14.4166 1,072.08 4470 4/29/1962 5/25/1983 1,490.36 7.0000 331.56 4598 9/1/1965 11/6/1988 969.02 4.0000 183.24 5197 3/22/1957 10/17/1977 1,144.67 11.0000 431.64 5689 4/1/1960 10/31/1983 1,356.49 6.0000 323.28 6361 10/30/1958 1/12/1987 1,080.36 3.0000 117.96 7228 2/9/1956 6/18/1986 1,091.01 3.0000 128.52 7232 4/8/1958 2/11/1981 1,059.73 9.0000 256.08 8458 8/28/1958 8/29/1978 1,529.04 14.0000 795.60 0367 6/6/1959 4/30/1979 1,034.44 11.0000 264.84 0915 7/16/1962 6/7/1982 1,467.21 7.0000 474.72 2071 1/17/1960 4/27/1987 987.95 2.0000 52.68 6309 5/5/1959 10/3/1988 859.55 1.0000 33.24 6987 7/1/1959 5/12/1987 1,046.67 3.0000 118.44 8242 12/8/1960 9/2/1987 1,529.23 2.0000 151.20 0588 10/13/1960 3/11/1980 1,066.78 10.0000 367.32 0647 11/15/1959 5/24/1977 1,419.59 13.0000 624.72 1260 7/21/1959 9/13/1987 1,590.78 2.0000 218.76 2082 5/26/1958 1/6/1981 1,806.77 9.0000 767.64 2104 11/29/1958 10/17/1983 1,324.50 6.0000 413.88 2472 7/13/1960 1/8/1979 1,572.15 11.0000 849.00 3272 9/29/1959 2/9/1987 936.12 3.0000 108.12 3310 11/22/1965 6/11/1984 1,222.75 5.0000 177.12 3428 11/26/1960 3/18/1981 1,598.00 9.0000 613.68 4522 11/23/1959 12/8/1980 1,637.52 9.0000 635.16 7674 1/24/1963 9/10/1986 1,255.63 3.0000 162.36 8083 7/15/1960 5/31/1984 1,706.40 6.0000 446.16 8194 12/22/1958 7/16/1986 1,236.99 3.0000 163.56 8608 5/29/1958 5/11/1986 1,275.71 4.0000 233.52 1103 11/6/1962 8/5/1981 1,347.01 8.0000 378.24 1879 11/8/1957 12/15/1986 1,067.77 3.0000 115.80 2011 3/8/1960 6/19/1978 1,865.48 11.0000 880.32 4716 9/28/1957 11/18/1981 1,252.12 8.0000 369.48 6140 12/18/1958 7/15/1986 983.24 3.0000 69.48 7704 12/23/1959 1/2/1986 1,601.47 4.0000 314.04 9377 9/11/1960 2/26/1980 1,677.16 10.0000 709.68 B-32 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 1657 8/7/1963 9/1/1982 1,271.90 7.0000 228.24 2348 12/26/1961 6/20/1988 1,090.18 3.0000 149.88 3491 8/7/1959 8/2/1978 1,188.72 11.0000 476.76 3965 4/28/1961 6/12/1979 1,451.00 10.0000 434.16 4227 8/3/1959 9/11/1978 1,355.65 11.0000 567.72 5960 6/15/1960 2/23/1987 1,067.33 3.0000 91.56 7689 2/16/1947 1/12/1987 1,366.60 3.0000 318.00 7996 7/28/1963 3/2/1986 1,415.86 4.0000 264.12 8202 3/8/1961 12/9/1986 1,217.54 3.0000 136.80 8257 4/29/1961 7/19/1988 1,013.78 1.0000 39.72 8378 6/15/1958 8/4/1986 1,473.66 3.0000 181.56 8399 9/16/1960 9/28/1983 1,090.78 6.0000 153.96 8426 10/14/1960 11/9/1987 873.06 2.0000 60.96 8855 4/17/1961 9/27/1988 1,088.86 1.0000 63.60 0531 1/10/1961 10/2/1979 903.67 10.0000 180.00 0812 11/20/1960 7/30/1986 1,311.01 3.0000 165.96 0914 9/24/1968 9/26/1988 1,011.16 1.0000 51.00 1024 10/16/1961 2/11/1980 1,620.87 10.0000 608.04 2084 11/29/1962 7/10/1980 1,370.58 9.0000 448.92 2529 3/2/1960 12/1/1988 1,464.87 1.0000 78.36 4324 11/29/1965 4/25/1988 1,470.17 2.0000 121.56 4615 11/20/1960 7/8/1987 998.54 2.0000 64.56 4650 8/1/1967 4/21/1987 905.73 3.0000 76.92 4680 11/30/1968 3/9/1987 957.69 3.0000 118.80 5193 3/21/1956 9/23/1987 1,122.75 2.0000 85.44 5394 6/4/1966 10/3/1988 851.60 1.0000 24.24 6161 11/4/1961 5/7/1981 1,392.91 9.0000 411.60 6506 4/11/1962 11/18/1981 1,477.35 8.0000 384.84 7567 8/4/1962 8/24/1987 916.08 2.0000 55.56 8022 11/5/1961 2/26/1982 1,312.86 8.0000 430.08 0645 9/24/1964 6/17/1982 1,002.23 7.0000 224.04 2191 10/14/1965 2/21/1983 947.64 7.0000 191.64 4238 7/8/1960 5/23/1988 901.41 2.0000 44.76 4585 11/21/1961 10/28/1980 1,811.01 9.0000 680.76 5679 9/20/1961 11/24/1986 1,256.64 3.0000 157.56 5782 5/7/1957 8/31/1987 1,150.83 2.0000 106.20 6347 10/10/1967 2/23/1987 905.96 3.0000 68.52 7162 8/13/1967 8/7/1988 1,031.22 1.0000 33.96 9212 4/5/1963 8/30/1988 901.32 3.0000 125.04 0112 12/25/1964 5/18/1987 1,249.14 3.0000 135.96 0345 5/4/1964 4/9/1987 1,137.39 3.0000 125.52 1213 12/15/1961 8/13/1985 1,057.31 4.0000 175.92 2712 11/6/1963 8/22/1983 957.15 6.0000 108.00 2746 3/19/1963 8/19/1985 948.59 4.0000 96.60 3566 7/4/1965 6/24/1984 1,326.12 5.0000 259.92 3849 1/17/1959 11/11/1986 1,099.89 3.0000 138.36 4062 2/4/1961 8/1/1984 1,376.27 5.0000 255.84 

B-33 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 4072 2/19/1962 4/25/1983 1,053.33 6.0000 163.08 5885 1/29/1963 4/18/1980 1,651.47 10.0000 666.12 6122 7/1/1962 8/11/1980 1,412.29 9.0000 446.88 6608 12/14/1961 10/5/1981 1,071.05 8.0000 257.64 7151 8/5/1962 4/19/1982 986.73 8.0000 308.16 8006 3/25/1960 2/15/1984 1,179.25 6.0000 274.20 2093 4/18/1963 7/25/1984 972.61 5.0000 128.16 4970 8/31/1963 6/20/1988 1,237.00 1.0000 76.08 5759 1/20/1961 5/11/1987 979.57 3.0000 93.48 7505 9/4/1964 9/6/1983 753.27 6.0000 108.00 7891 4/27/1961 2/17/1986 1,234.30 4.0000 202.80 8717 3/15/1960 3/29/1982 1,138.95 8.0000 317.52 9435 7/18/1962 4/27/1988 1,048.77 2.0000 90.12 9439 4/14/1964 1/5/1981 1,101.79 8.0000 182.04 9690 10/29/1961 7/8/1981 1,816.80 8.0000 636.84 1550 10/29/1962 9/25/1986 1,228.93 3.0000 146.76 1906 4/1/1961 4/20/1986 1,353.98 4.0000 174.24 2310 2/21/1966 6/5/1985 1,367.52 4.0000 188.28 2400 8/27/1963 6/5/1985 1,182.19 5.0000 192.36 2709 9/4/1962 2/29/1984 1,243.31 6.0000 228.84 2724 7/7/1962 6/12/1981 1,042.20 8.0000 206.04 4516 10/9/1964 5/3/1982 1,540.91 8.0000 436.92 4659 3/19/1966 4/16/1986 727.27 4.0000 93.72 6585 10/17/1968 5/5/1986 1,015.62 4.0000 72.00 7784 7/7/1968 2/3/1987 1,139.04 3.0000 105.84 0006 9/5/1967 8/15/1985 1,093.64 4.0000 101.52 0017 11/2/1963 6/15/1981 942.02 8.0000 233.88 3665 9/23/1968 6/16/1986 1,101.09 3.0000 93.60 3681 12/14/1963 7/14/1986 1,058.27 3.0000 81.24 4870 12/27/1966 6/16/1986 1,200.42 3.0000 123.60 5159 8/20/1965 3/9/1987 854.41 3.0000 65.76 6831 12/19/1965 6/9/1986 1,052.36 3.0000 159.48 7209 11/14/1962 1/13/1986 1,165.45 4.0000 176.16 7893 11/22/1964 6/1/1987 872.30 3.0000 54.00 9029 3/5/1964 7/29/1985 902.87 4.0000 115.92 9042 11/2/1964 6/27/1988 1,146.11 1.0000 55.08 1557 4/14/1965 7/25/1984 1,446.45 5.0000 165.12 1715 9/17/1964 5/18/1987 860.40 3.0000 54.00 2230 12/28/1963 8/22/1983 1,545.67 5.0000 329.04 3577 12/2/1963 1/30/1983 1,679.57 7.0000 481.56 5044 5/15/1965 9/13/1982 884.08 7.0000 126.00 7894 5/4/1964 4/28/1987 1,180.52 3.0000 114.00 7902 2/14/1964 8/9/1982 1,283.52 7.0000 324.84 8219 6/13/1964 8/1/1985 1,083.65 3.0000 168.96 8366 2/22/1964 8/30/1982 869.96 6.0000 110.04 1617 4/27/1964 8/31/1988 949.76 1.0000 38.28 2383 5/9/1967 2/10/1986 1,065.95 4.0000 72.00 B-34 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 6910 3/5/1965 6/2/1986 1,087.84 3.0000 152.52 7492 9/19/1964 6/9/1986 940.60 3.0000 65.16 9842 3/8/1967 4/17/1986 1,586.29 4.0000 148.80 0656 4/24/1965 9/23/1985 1,278.34 4.0000 129.60 2383 6/3/1966 6/16/1986 1,223.99 3.0000 123.00 3641 11/3/1965 8/20/1991 1,096.23 6.0000 172.32 4407 3/7/1964 11/4/1986 1,139.86 3.0000 123.48 0884 5/6/1965 6/16/1986 1,182.99 3.0000 87.60 2121 5/20/1966 7/23/1984 981.70 5.0000 128.88 3718 11/29/1966 6/10/1985 949.35 4.0000 73.32 4754 7/20/1966 7/31/1984 1,036.79 3.0000 133.20 5621 10/21/1966 8/8/1985 1,639.64 4.0000 229.32 9264 3/20/1967 7/15/1986 758.98 3.0000 54.00 3491 9/5/1967 10/27/1986 818.06 3.0000 54.00 4608 8/2/1967 6/18/1986 1,311.40 3.0000 155.16 5154 11/12/1966 2/20/1988 1,275.89 1.0000 61.20 9594 1/11/1967 11/17/1986 946.29 3.0000 81.96 4650 9/7/2024 5/27/1986 948.00 4.0000 230.40 1374 3/22/1966 5/26/1987 1,045.90 3.0000 96.96 4852 5/26/1966 9/2/1987 1,051.12 2.0000 67.92 5564 1/30/1965 8/22/1983 986.75 6.0000 127.44 7155 6/21/1967 6/24/1985 1,161.08 4.0000 114.96 0358 1/26/2027 9/5/1961 1,438.66 28.1666 2,393.64 1185 5/5/2029 11/19/1962 1,044.33 27.0000 1,167.60 1631 7/17/2028 6/21/1972 1,052.89 17.4166 1,239.84 1758 1/16/1930 9/26/1973 1,262.00 16.1666 1,674.60 2365 6/10/1932 6/20/1966 1,670.33 23.4166 2,792.28 7581 3/18/2028 7/14/1955 1,182.03 34.3333 1,574.28 9420 10/2/1930 2/22/1982 1,573.48 8.0000 1,082.04 8984 4/13/1966 9/7/1988 1,263.42 1.0000 41.04 0109 3/1/1933 7/18/1967 1,209.98 22.3333 1,501.92 0147 11/19/1932 11/16/1961 1,175.89 28.0000 1,189.56 0320 1/2/1933 7/28/1986 844.32 3.0000 192.36 0732 1/18/2027 4/21/1987 1,305.81 3.0000 447.96 0254 12/25/1931 4/19/1962 971.86 28.0000 772.56 0351 4/30/1933 1/6/1972 1,122.91 18.0000 1,115.76 2233 12/14/1934 2/13/1979 1,098.32 12.0000 625.20 3403 2/5/1935 2/1/1984 1,227.63 6.0000 506.40 3405 1/23/1933 2/6/1976 989.49 14.0000 753.12 3847 12/11/1933 12/30/1974 1,159.58 15.0000 1,121.16 0590 4/19/1938 8/26/1985 1,193.84 4.0000 280.20 0999 11/8/1934 6/10/1986 958.44 3.0000 133.20 1198 2/7/1937 10/6/1987 1,045.97 8.0000 374.76 3404 5/25/1935 10/19/1966 1,012.77 8.4166 506.40 3435 5/15/1937 2/3/1986 878.82 4.0000 146.40 3731 5/25/1938 6/23/1986 1,340.08 3.0000 201.12 4046 2/11/1935 2/11/1986 1,340.62 4.0000 341.16 

B-35 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 4161 5/29/1936 8/3/1987 1,818.85 2.0000 256.92 4244 10/7/1934 5/14/1979 928.86 11.0000 614.04 4356 2/16/1935 1/4/1979 983.34 11.0000 540.12 4464 11/28/1936 9/17/1979 1,173.93 9.0000 603.84 4806 4/9/1937 1/2/1978 976.91 12.0000 850.80 4825 3/18/1937 5/9/1981 1,569.83 9.0000 980.28 4937 5/7/1938 6/5/1986 1,190.25 3.0000 306.60 4957 5/4/1935 9/20/1977 1,678.16 12.0000 1,579.80 8697 11/7/1937 9/19/1977 908.01 8.4166 355.56 9154 1/11/1937 7/11/1984 1,139.81 5.0000 453.12 1927 3/3/1940 8/17/1982 687.44 5.0000 90.00 6218 10/1/1941 8/22/1977 1,933.41 14.1666 2,114.04 6590 9/6/1937 10/29/1985 700.28 4.0000 72.00 9622 2/17/1937 10/4/1971 1,141.15 17.0833 738.12 2825 12/5/1940 7/7/1970 1,056.83 19.3333 760.20 2903 2/1/1942 11/9/1982 1,446.73 5.0000 603.24 2352 8/12/1941 1/3/1984 739.69 6.0000 164.28 5962 12/20/1942 6/16/1986 1,309.53 3.0000 260.88 2124 12/30/1946 7/20/1965 1,154.00 24.3333 974.28 2573 1/22/1944 3/5/1964 1,664.45 26.0000 1,950.72 2585 9/18/1942 8/17/1981 1,376.45 27.2500 1,427.76 2687 2/27/1943 5/29/1984 714.75 8.4166 194.04 2705 10/29/1944 9/4/1979 1,139.97 10.0000 607.80 2745 6/12/1946 10/30/1986 1,129.28 2.0000 72.60 2765 7/19/1946 8/23/1976 1,660.72 13.2500 1,249.80 2825 12/26/1946 1/12/1965 1,463.19 8.4166 673.20 2928 5/5/1943 11/6/1972 1,486.02 8.4166 897.36 3036 11/15/1943 9/7/1982 1,524.66 7.0000 990.84 3081 2/20/1944 9/8/1980 1,270.62 9.0000 547.68 3221 1/17/1947 9/28/1966 1,177.70 23.1666 540.00 3277 9/18/1946 11/6/1978 935.15 11.0000 367.20 3314 2/8/1944 6/10/1982 1,077.77 7.0000 429.36 3406 2/4/1945 6/2/1986 1,598.49 3.0000 324.12 3492 6/25/1942 6/23/1986 993.95 3.0000 165.24 3545 3/21/1947 12/29/1980 1,421.12 13.0000 981.48 3556 5/24/1944 5/16/1968 1,538.66 22.0000 1,510.56 3604 3/1/1944 1/7/1987 1,021.89 3.0000 210.60 3824 3/5/1946 7/18/1972 2,221.93 8.4166 1,416.48 4034 7/12/1946 1/28/1969 1,560.17 21.0000 1,570.68 4081 10/24/1943 11/15/1982 1,539.94 7.0000 729.00 4086 4/30/1948 11/7/1978 1,558.46 11.0000 986.16 4399 4/19/1946 7/7/1980 1,401.45 9.0000 695.40 4400 6/4/1944 7/8/1986 1,075.88 3.0000 183.12 4430 12/19/1945 8/2/1977 1,265.04 12.0000 785.76 4609 5/6/1944 8/10/1972 1,174.13 17.2500 882.60 4628 2/9/1948 6/20/1988 1,392.45 1.0000 52.80 4742 6/1/1946 12/28/1970 1,581.47 8.4166 886.08 B-36 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 4778 2/24/1946 10/1/1987 1,376.96 2.0000 219.84 4918 2/19/1945 7/21/1986 1,113.69 6.0000 459.36 5315 12/30/1946 5/18/1987 1,145.50 3.0000 233.28 3756 6/19/1941 10/9/1972 896.40 17.0833 540.00 5463 5/16/1945 10/15/1986 1,030.35 3.0000 170.76 5709 10/22/1950 6/24/1969 1,471.77 20.4166 1,257.96 5720 12/10/1945 5/20/1977 675.17 13.0000 234.00 6254 8/12/1946 4/28/1986 881.67 4.0000 185.16 6575 7/1/1946 10/29/1973 1,868.56 16.0833 1,622.04 7427 7/23/1947 11/9/1988 1,032.28 1.0000 52.92 8125 7/14/1956 6/23/1986 4,193.64 3.0000 1,203.60 8585 10/22/1949 9/12/1982 1,527.13 7.0000 627.36 8589 12/7/1949 2/20/1981 1,856.11 9.0000 1,001.04 7692 1/20/1946 5/12/1986 1,124.59 4.0000 251.28 7998 5/20/1947 5/24/1979 866.95 8.0000 343.44 8217 1/16/1947 1/12/1976 743.56 14.0000 264.60 8862 9/15/1947 9/8/1986 1,281.19 3.0000 244.56 9256 2/11/1948 9/20/1988 1,043.82 1.0000 59.52 9295 3/24/1944 7/7/1986 1,694.10 3.0000 437.52 9943 10/23/1947 9/12/1988 893.07 1.0000 18.00 5257 8/5/1947 5/16/1988 1,009.03 2.0000 139.56 6304 9/29/1947 6/13/1988 2,054.03 1.0000 156.36 8570 11/13/1948 8/31/1982 1,793.46 7.0000 948.24 1652 3/11/1949 10/29/1986 1,545.54 3.0000 302.88 0611 1/5/1950 4/18/1988 1,098.59 2.0000 181.80 4386 5/10/1947 9/20/1978 1,041.13 11.0000 535.68 4783 4/20/1949 6/23/1986 1,275.78 3.0000 162.48 4942 3/2/1949 6/17/1986 1,214.24 3.0000 196.56 3264 11/11/1956 4/19/1982 932.61 8.0000 180.60 3705 10/11/1954 2/5/1987 1,750.37 3.0000 255.36 7681 1/20/1949 10/29/1985 1,271.08 4.0000 260.52 8857 6/3/1954 10/28/1985 1,083.76 4.0000 190.08 8890 10/5/1953 4/17/1973 1,240.55 17.0000 683.88 8929 11/28/1952 9/14/1977 1,859.87 12.0000 1,191.00 9021 2/8/1953 5/13/1984 1,473.69 6.0000 394.80 9036 4/6/1954 10/28/1976 1,648.56 13.0833 694.08 9112 1/7/1954 2/11/1980 1,474.09 10.0000 630.24 9130 6/14/1952 9/19/1977 2,224.80 8.4166 1,154.28 9134 5/17/1953 5/24/1984 1,806.79 6.0000 762.72 9135 5/29/1950 9/15/1971 962.34 18.1666 540.00 9155 9/23/1954 6/13/1977 1,578.61 8.4166 698.76 9186 9/12/1955 11/17/1986 1,606.21 3.0000 280.68 9229 2/3/1955 9/17/1980 979.28 9.0000 317.04 9230 2/4/1953 10/20/1971 1,218.98 8.4166 453.60 9269 11/13/1954 8/12/1980 1,482.36 10.0000 705.48 9298 10/27/1952 4/14/1986 994.18 4.0000 189.84 9308 2/2/1954 10/5/1981 839.41 10.0000 180.00 

B-37 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 9378 5/14/1955 12/17/1975 1,312.90 8.4166 487.68 9389 2/7/1953 6/2/1981 1,414.33 8.0000 530.52 9442 7/12/1955 5/13/1978 1,020.91 8.4166 366.72 9511 9/7/1954 2/22/1984 1,355.41 6.0000 361.92 9524 9/17/1953 3/31/1987 1,487.29 3.0000 230.16 9541 2/4/1953 9/14/1987 1,048.36 2.0000 104.64 9554 5/1/1955 6/25/1973 2,075.05 17.0000 1,537.20 9603 1/27/1954 9/6/1973 1,281.12 16.1666 1,144.20 9636 6/18/1955 11/10/1986 1,628.99 3.0000 297.24 9645 4/20/1953 12/2/1986 935.65 3.0000 100.44 9793 1/25/1952 9/28/1976 1,343.60 8.4166 498.60 9878 10/20/1952 10/26/1970 2,110.44 19.0833 1,919.16 9969 3/2/1959 12/6/1979 1,006.79 10.0000 294.48 6002 3/5/1953 9/22/1980 1,197.72 9.0000 457.56 6085 8/16/1957 9/29/1976 983.25 13.1666 548.76 6670 7/15/1957 8/4/1977 1,802.25 12.0000 830.64 8148 11/19/1955 7/22/1986 1,041.37 3.0000 72.96 8371 1/26/1955 9/3/1986 1,271.18 3.0000 196.44 8571 5/3/1955 10/30/1973 1,516.55 16.0833 958.44 0097 12/19/1959 4/17/1979 1,489.79 11.0000 616.08 1215 7/17/1960 5/12/1980 1,434.42 10.0000 489.36 2723 9/27/1965 11/2/1987 1,234.37 2.0000 70.20 2734 8/21/1966 6/13/1988 991.00 1.0000 32.16 2883 4/7/1957 6/23/1986 1,450.07 3.0000 211.80 4246 12/13/1964 9/6/1987 1,188.85 2.0000 94.56 4275 9/14/1961 9/27/1981 1,503.35 8.0000 521.52 4373 2/17/1960 8/11/1986 823.90 5.0000 90.00 4457 8/29/1961 6/6/1984 1,531.57 5.0000 346.80 4595 8/30/1965 8/31/1983 1,335.09 6.0000 279.72 5010 5/29/1964 8/15/1988 948.85 1.0000 37.80 5865 2/20/1961 7/29/1980 1,418.84 9.0000 460.56 6275 11/22/1956 11/10/1980 1,085.28 9.0000 325.80 6507 6/4/1968 9/17/1986 1,248.79 3.0000 122.64 8930 5/26/1960 6/21/1978 1,312.98 11.0000 550.56 9488 1/25/1960 5/22/1979 1,286.77 11.0000 544.80 5744 2/23/1962 6/1/1986 1,217.36 4.0000 216.84 5829 5/13/1964 8/17/1988 1,108.84 1.0000 39.60 6057 12/1/1956 5/27/1986 1,046.77 4.0000 167.88 8959 3/20/1959 7/29/1986 1,387.85 3.0000 235.80 1150 7/10/1958 12/8/1978 1,498.55 11.0000 601.32 1302 4/14/1961 1/18/1979 1,319.68 11.0000 478.44 4154 9/16/1955 2/19/1980 1,459.25 10.0000 581.88 5559 5/17/1958 8/26/1981 1,434.41 8.0000 324.72 6065 4/13/1959 3/31/1982 1,097.71 8.0000 298.68 6297 2/16/1958 7/9/1980 1,188.48 9.0000 322.20 9942 6/22/1959 6/4/1979 1,108.79 10.0000 318.48 1071 5/24/1960 4/13/1978 1,793.19 12.0000 833.76 B-38 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 1611 8/5/1961 2/2/1981 1,125.36 9.0000 311.52 2591 7/8/1963 7/15/1986 1,356.69 3.0000 162.36 2828 6/27/1962 5/31/1992 1,546.17 3.0000 192.12 2889 9/10/1958 6/6/1988 1,141.25 1.0000 58.68 5360 1/30/1963 8/17/1981 1,201.47 8.0000 295.68 6008 1/2/1962 3/2/1981 1,172.47 9.0000 393.96 6455 6/9/1960 7/11/1988 1,167.34 1.0000 59.16 7324 12/30/1958 5/18/1987 732.97 3.0000 54.00 7517 2/4/1959 8/3/1978 1,144.32 11.0000 487.92 7544 3/8/1963 7/12/1982 1,586.31 7.0000 445.32 8021 6/29/1959 1/15/1979 1,178.23 11.0000 366.36 8124 7/1/1959 5/26/1987 860.52 3.0000 75.00 8354 6/16/1961 3/8/1982 1,050.57 8.0000 243.36 0909 8/23/1960 10/23/1979 1,951.21 10.0000 814.56 1439 1/27/1958 11/8/1979 1,141.62 10.0000 386.64 3506 3/20/1963 7/27/1987 1,438.39 2.0000 165.72 3597 8/10/1960 4/27/1987 1,099.77 3.0000 110.04 4938 11/10/1966 8/8/1988 1,114.11 1.0000 42.84 5487 8/21/1966 5/23/1988 967.55 2.0000 39.48 5508 12/10/1962 6/12/1981 1,151.84 8.0000 247.56 6954 3/26/1958 8/21/1979 1,953.52 10.0000 931.44 7074 9/12/1956 6/15/1978 1,615.62 11.0000 832.92 8647 7/29/1963 12/30/1985 943.42 4.0000 98.76 9736 12/25/1966 7/10/1984 904.97 5.0000 90.00 1295 10/16/1963 9/22/1982 1,359.31 7.0000 252.00 1704 1/31/1966 7/7/1986 1,094.13 3.0000 117.00 2760 2/6/1961 2/27/1980 1,098.77 10.0000 369.48 2934 2/20/1965 3/24/1986 857.30 4.0000 87.12 3177 1/30/1962 6/23/1986 686.18 3.0000 54.00 3622 2/15/1961 10/26/1987 875.58 2.0000 56.52 4200 3/12/1963 6/4/1984 1,081.94 2.0000 243.36 4205 4/7/1964 4/28/1988 824.00 2.0000 41.64 4292 5/7/1960 1/5/1987 1,098.85 4.0000 103.68 4909 8/20/1961 2/18/1981 1,746.64 4.0000 362.76 4978 8/20/1961 5/9/1984 1,370.05 6.0000 286.44 5241 7/12/1961 8/10/1981 1,515.22 8.0000 427.80 5281 7/6/1961 10/10/1983 900.38 6.0000 141.36 6122 8/8/1963 8/22/1991 747.06 9.0000 162.00 7447 10/14/1964 9/22/1982 1,045.24 7.0000 139.20 7579 5/13/1960 7/17/1985 1,025.00 4.0000 170.52 7708 12/21/1966 12/11/1985 1,178.72 4.0000 184.56 7891 2/10/1961 4/23/1980 1,752.74 10.0000 616.80 8061 8/31/1963 8/9/1982 1,090.51 7.0000 241.80 8401 8/20/1963 6/2/1987 973.64 4.0000 96.72 9101 11/3/1960 6/12/1980 1,544.89 9.0000 497.52 0138 3/27/1968 7/26/1988 1,790.81 1.0000 108.84 0282 5/8/1966 4/7/1986 1,088.40 4.0000 131.88 

B-39 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 1434 10/26/1963 12/11/1985 1,079.53 4.0000 134.40 4884 8/1/1965 6/15/1987 922.20 2.0000 38.28 5863 4/11/1961 8/27/1979 1,528.96 10.0000 587.88 3291 3/19/1961 7/29/1985 1,221.53 4.0000 172.44 3868 7/17/1963 8/19/1982 1,397.47 7.0000 306.24 4028 7/25/1966 2/6/1986 1,013.20 4.0000 85.32 5417 10/2/1963 1/7/1986 1,142.03 4.0000 143.28 5481 12/25/1961 7/22/1980 1,755.86 9.0000 543.60 5904 7/16/1960 7/12/1984 885.50 5.0000 95.76 7691 9/18/1960 5/27/1986 1,108.65 4.0000 188.40 8835 1/1/1964 11/21/1983 1,260.11 6.0000 247.56 0082 8/26/1960 1/2/1980 1,064.32 10.0000 267.36 0454 7/8/1965 8/20/1986 771.81 3.0000 54.00 1068 12/13/1957 7/11/1978 1,081.39 11.0000 382.56 2492 6/25/1965 11/16/1987 1,190.96 2.0000 93.84 3596 4/21/1965 8/8/1983 1,238.80 6.0000 269.88 3721 10/6/1961 10/13/1987 1,147.88 2.0000 120.24 5611 8/21/1965 7/15/1985 1,286.52 4.0000 147.36 6084 10/11/1964 6/21/1982 1,489.21 7.0000 468.24 6151 5/17/1967 6/16/1985 1,414.99 3.0000 162.24 8487 1/29/1965 8/27/1987 1,477.34 2.0000 129.48 0147 12/31/1967 6/5/1986 860.93 3.0000 56.16 0362 7/7/1963 10/21/1987 1,293.77 2.0000 118.32 1667 4/5/1963 6/21/1982 1,527.45 7.0000 394.56 4092 11/23/1963 5/4/1987 827.93 3.0000 60.12 4186 10/23/1960 3/3/1980 1,506.04 10.0000 446.40 4550 11/1/1962 6/14/1982 1,246.14 7.0000 318.12 4854 8/12/1965 3/24/1986 1,007.86 4.0000 106.08 4941 12/15/1963 8/13/1985 1,241.75 4.0000 235.44 7672 1/10/1962 10/27/1986 948.17 3.0000 88.56 7807 11/28/1964 7/11/1988 776.21 1.0000 18.00 9138 1/3/1965 2/23/1987 1,137.30 3.0000 129.60 9218 10/25/1964 7/21/1986 1,101.14 3.0000 116.88 9652 6/6/1965 3/30/1987 997.68 3.0000 82.80 1585 8/22/1962 3/30/1987 1,032.51 3.0000 108.84 1795 4/25/1965 2/12/1987 1,094.05 3.0000 138.48 3207 9/15/1962 9/10/1984 1,039.77 5.0000 130.44 3590 4/23/1963 9/6/1984 1,437.44 5.0000 255.00 4911 10/19/1968 9/20/1988 892.59 1.0000 30.36 5152 9/7/1963 4/27/1987 1,078.03 3.0000 89.16 6229 5/9/1963 7/14/1981 1,249.97 8.0000 364.56 6272 11/4/1963 4/7/1986 1,222.40 4.0000 171.72 6283 2/21/1964 11/20/1985 1,763.21 4.0000 352.80 7113 10/25/1964 2/25/1987 1,167.73 3.0000 141.96 9740 10/6/1962 10/3/1985 1,485.56 4.0000 167.16 9752 4/30/1964 6/11/1985 946.23 4.0000 105.72 0134 4/13/1961 9/4/1985 1,121.46 4.0000 168.84 B-40 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 1019 7/16/1964 5/16/1988 1,130.30 4.0000 176.28 2475 8/23/1965 7/18/1983 1,064.66 6.0000 160.44 3566 3/3/1963 6/25/1983 1,498.53 6.0000 325.68 3838 10/28/1963 6/11/1986 1,741.59 3.0000 222.24 5061 8/10/1963 8/22/1988 1,001.46 1.0000 57.72 5276 10/27/1968 7/6/1986 1,374.34 3.0000 152.52 6967 3/30/1965 10/31/1988 1,218.98 1.0000 66.36 7067 4/1/1963 8/26/1985 1,052.49 4.0000 120.48 8241 7/16/1968 9/10/1987 1,503.49 2.0000 127.92 9483 9/5/1965 10/10/1988 879.27 1.0000 18.84 1454 8/22/1964 11/18/1986 908.68 6.0000 108.00 1483 6/20/1964 8/21/1983 1,157.61 6.0000 174.96 4686 11/6/1962 4/28/1987 927.45 3.0000 71.40 5036 8/8/1966 9/27/1988 1,343.41 1.0000 86.16 5731 8/30/1964 1/26/1983 1,067.32 7.0000 150.96 6255 9/8/1967 11/19/1986 1,181.99 3.0000 97.32 8467 3/23/1968 7/17/1985 970.12 4.0000 158.40 1068 10/22/1964 8/4/1982 1,503.56 7.0000 403.44 2264 5/3/1966 1/28/1987 1,016.44 2.0000 36.00 2764 9/10/1965 8/14/1985 1,328.36 4.0000 172.56 4480 12/8/1963 1/20/1986 1,167.97 4.0000 123.36 4701 9/28/1967 4/7/1986 850.62 4.0000 72.00 5145 3/17/1967 4/13/1987 1,252.44 3.0000 137.28 5645 11/14/1965 6/9/1986 1,207.71 3.0000 149.76 5703 8/15/1965 1/20/1986 1,258.97 4.0000 182.76 8253 5/15/1967 11/17/1986 1,110.61 3.0000 128.16 8302 7/20/1965 10/23/1986 790.68 2.0000 36.00 0565 11/24/1966 10/15/1985 1,201.16 4.0000 116.28 2818 7/3/1966 1/15/1986 1,169.56 4.0000 173.88 4412 11/22/1968 7/16/1987 1,524.81 2.0000 108.24 5191 7/20/1965 8/25/1987 919.91 2.0000 38.52 8819 8/9/1965 8/24/1987 1,074.48 2.0000 71.04 9948 5/13/1967 1/12/1987 944.46 3.0000 89.64 2172 7/13/1966 1/3/1984 984.30 6.0000 249.60 4431 4/29/1966 11/9/1987 1,031.38 2.0000 66.84 5907 8/25/1967 9/23/1987 1,353.85 2.0000 129.60 7343 1/11/1966 11/6/1985 1,298.26 4.0000 195.36 9413 6/30/1967 6/5/1986 1,336.38 3.0000 174.72 8080 8/29/1966 8/7/1988 1,736.14 1.0000 105.84 1459 4/15/1968 10/26/1987 916.36 2.0000 47.04 4774 12/14/1967 6/4/1986 929.37 3.0000 85.20 4977 9/1/1966 3/9/1986 1,179.74 4.0000 178.80 6228 4/13/2029 12/27/1965 946.07 8.4166 419.04 7079 11/17/2029 8/20/1979 820.42 10.0000 256.80 3555 6/12/2029 7/7/1975 760.96 14.3333 257.88 6441 8/13/1932 2/8/1950 2,610.48 8.4166 2,466.48 6524 8/3/1930 4/30/1962 1,586.57 28.0000 1,845.00 

B-41 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 6587 4/5/1932 5/6/1987 1,192.87 3.0000 290.16 6626 5/21/1931 8/28/1978 1,262.09 11.0000 1,235.76 6657 6/21/1932 4/2/1973 1,842.07 17.0000 2,908.44 7011 2/3/1931 8/13/1985 790.88 4.0000 72.00 7855 5/24/1930 9/15/1982 1,275.16 7.0000 683.88 6459 4/13/1966 8/8/1988 657.44 1.0000 18.00 8469 2/28/1968 6/1/1987 1,088.95 3.0000 125.52 3502 4/22/2028 4/6/1987 1,009.89 3.0000 176.64 4377 11/24/1930 12/31/1975 987.98 14.0000 513.36 7487 8/15/1931 5/20/1986 3,033.28 4.0000 1,428.60 6666 12/23/1934 7/19/1982 996.69 9.0000 398.40 6681 3/13/1930 1/14/1964 1,060.22 8.4166 691.68 6843 11/25/1935 1/25/1966 1,056.00 8.4166 545.40 7013 5/5/1936 7/22/1986 946.04 3.0000 124.20 3070 7/29/1931 4/24/1973 851.70 17.0000 939.72 3341 8/11/1933 1/18/1974 763.22 16.0000 654.00 4372 7/16/1932 6/13/1988 1,272.97 1.0000 86.16 7754 1/23/1935 6/2/1986 1,088.02 3.0000 195.00 7964 4/1/1937 12/31/1976 1,175.15 13.0000 1,190.04 7970 10/7/1936 9/1/1965 3,574.96 8.4166 3,807.00 9798 11/21/1936 3/29/1978 1,063.19 12.0000 796.20 3582 8/12/1938 7/10/1978 1,181.71 11.0000 978.24 7329 7/25/1938 9/9/1985 1,056.24 4.0000 215.04 0072 7/16/1938 9/2/1958 1,064.15 8.4166 548.88 0220 1/13/1937 1/22/1979 1,030.15 8.4166 521.04 0280 10/20/1940 10/23/1974 1,487.85 15.0833 1,396.08 0413 10/15/1940 10/1/1973 1,820.40 16.1666 2,001.12 0436 9/16/1936 1/25/1977 1,526.06 13.0000 1,625.04 0543 3/24/1938 3/27/1968 954.24 22.0000 551.40 0666 12/5/1938 8/27/1969 1,600.16 20.2500 2,074.32 0788 1/8/1940 12/31/1986 1,395.33 3.0000 295.32 0873 9/12/1941 5/5/1980 1,081.54 10.0000 773.04 0957 8/31/1941 7/21/1980 1,114.88 9.0000 749.04 1087 7/30/1941 9/6/1977 1,079.29 12.0000 654.60 1117 8/25/1941 10/2/1974 1,146.23 15.0833 924.72 1450 8/10/1937 1/18/1983 1,087.07 7.0000 549.96 2187 4/1/1938 8/21/1978 1,182.52 11.0000 1,061.40 0034 3/1/1939 11/18/1980 892.31 9.0000 280.08 7535 8/1/1937 4/28/1986 953.52 4.0000 194.88 8106 4/28/1939 7/25/1978 1,457.48 11.0000 1,337.76 8246 10/20/1940 8/8/1988 1,084.47 1.0000 73.32 8945 6/22/1941 1/12/1981 1,094.07 9.0000 720.72 9398 6/26/1939 8/7/1984 1,601.60 5.0000 595.68 4600 7/21/1942 3/3/1966 2,781.28 24.0000 4,454.64 7341 1/14/1940 4/29/1987 1,155.99 3.0000 213.84 1191 3/29/1943 2/1/1972 9,504.78 18.0000 21,383.16 5580 3/19/1942 4/29/1987 1,153.55 3.0000 232.44 B-42 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 5962 10/19/1943 4/27/1987 956.75 3.0000 175.44 6530 5/5/1942 10/30/1978 1,487.26 11.0000 1,544.76 7389 12/25/1944 8/9/1976 1,215.38 13.2500 683.88 3591 11/4/1945 10/2/1988 835.67 1.0000 32.28 4773 6/8/1933 9/22/1980 1,278.81 9.0000 856.08 6557 12/3/1943 1/26/1981 1,216.75 9.0000 626.88 6558 12/3/1943 10/22/1973 1,225.96 16.0833 920.76 8080 4/22/1945 10/10/1979 1,035.13 8.4166 518.64 9664 1/9/1942 12/3/1973 1,055.15 16.0000 583.68 0940 4/22/1945 7/20/1987 1,076.77 2.0000 119.04 2493 6/10/1947 10/31/1973 1,089.95 16.0833 637.44 2922 12/23/1946 5/22/1972 3,562.85 18.0000 4,855.08 2965 3/26/1948 8/22/1988 1,017.65 1.0000 49.80 2983 12/3/1945 9/26/1983 1,431.70 15.1666 1,089.84 3054 5/5/1946 7/24/1986 945.83 5.0000 213.24 3103 4/21/1946 5/11/1987 1,216.19 3.0000 295.20 3250 2/22/1946 6/3/1981 1,602.03 8.0000 803.76 3294 9/30/1947 8/4/1980 1,410.54 9.0000 618.84 3334 1/16/1948 5/24/1983 1,476.99 7.0000 683.04 3578 2/23/1947 8/12/1987 1,232.41 2.0000 128.52 3653 7/26/1946 12/11/1980 1,862.38 9.0000 1,144.68 6342 3/24/1948 9/25/1972 1,029.15 17.1666 587.28 6381 9/1/1944 8/8/1963 1,140.83 26.2500 1,018.20 6645 4/18/1945 8/2/1965 1,110.60 24.2500 814.56 6822 3/6/1947 9/1/1978 2,446.38 16.0833 2,464.32 7102 4/1/1947 3/4/1968 1,607.94 17.2500 1,316.76 7114 4/10/1947 8/11/1982 1,569.18 7.0000 757.80 7906 7/2/1944 2/14/1972 1,108.86 18.0000 841.20 8021 5/22/1947 3/7/1966 1,127.00 24.0000 944.40 8354 4/10/1943 6/24/1986 777.36 3.0000 76.32 0489 8/24/1961 2/17/1986 1,363.38 4.0000 221.28 0897 6/17/1944 1/13/1986 946.80 4.0000 171.60 0962 5/17/1956 6/21/1980 915.40 8.0000 188.64 1511 9/6/1958 5/3/1982 1,279.64 8.0000 345.24 2085 12/8/1955 6/3/1974 1,077.66 15.4166 468.12 4095 5/14/1946 1/3/1974 906.53 15.0000 540.00 5148 1/19/1953 8/29/1974 1,110.91 15.2500 527.64 9070 8/29/1946 2/25/1980 1,402.98 10.0000 688.08 7559 12/6/1947 1/12/1968 1,359.97 21.2500 1,106.40 7599 9/10/1948 7/22/1985 1,587.85 4.0000 431.52 7617 9/17/1947 3/23/1987 1,036.64 3.0000 181.80 7645 9/19/1947 10/6/1981 1,433.44 6.0000 708.36 7690 8/27/1947 4/21/1986 1,136.66 4.0000 241.32 7773 7/1/1949 11/1/1982 1,477.27 7.0000 644.28 8922 5/2/1958 7/19/1977 1,550.42 12.0000 792.24 8968 11/14/1947 7/26/1982 1,351.85 7.0000 539.04 9058 9/1/1945 6/16/1980 1,404.70 9.0000 920.28 

B-43 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 9186 8/27/1945 9/10/1979 1,274.16 10.0000 655.44 9255 12/14/1946 1/29/1973 3,872.66 17.0000 5,391.84 9282 8/25/1947 4/15/1969 4,491.11 21.0000 7,561.20 9469 4/19/1948 7/21/1966 1,904.94 23.3333 1,893.48 9560 11/21/1947 1/16/1978 920.70 8.0000 487.44 9696 7/19/1950 8/7/1972 2,002.10 17.2500 1,636.08 9743 5/29/1947 5/4/1987 855.61 6.0000 133.32 9873 5/11/1948 2/24/1983 1,397.15 7.0000 547.20 9918 5/23/1946 10/20/1988 836.89 1.0000 65.52 9972 11/21/1946 9/15/1980 1,501.36 9.0000 844.20 0074 2/23/1964 6/21/1982 1,071.43 7.0000 194.04 0473 11/18/1950 7/15/1986 1,314.75 3.0000 200.88 0654 3/13/1944 2/17/1986 991.18 4.0000 192.48 1365 8/9/1949 8/23/1982 1,071.93 7.0000 372.00 1385 2/27/1951 2/26/1979 832.95 11.0000 198.00 1558 3/20/1948 11/7/1983 1,261.13 6.0000 406.20 1690 7/14/1951 3/20/1986 1,256.53 4.0000 248.40 1769 1/12/1951 10/9/1985 736.45 4.0000 72.00 1858 2/18/1949 9/2/1986 1,796.63 3.0000 329.40 0951 6/8/1953 10/26/1987 2,922.89 2.0000 541.56 5172 12/20/1949 9/9/1987 1,087.12 2.0000 91.44 5953 4/28/1950 7/14/1986 966.77 3.0000 136.32 6671 6/1/1952 4/7/1986 811.74 4.0000 72.00 7269 1/21/1952 2/27/1978 1,085.01 12.0000 466.56 7339 8/11/1950 11/16/1976 961.95 13.0000 403.44 7494 10/14/1951 11/11/1975 1,029.10 14.0000 419.16 3736 10/27/1952 6/12/1979 1,235.79 10.0000 613.92 0800 7/25/1956 5/23/1983 1,003.75 7.0000 232.56 0814 2/5/1957 9/7/1982 1,855.63 7.0000 601.44 0829 6/21/1965 7/14/1985 1,786.29 4.0000 264.48 0875 6/21/1957 10/7/1983 1,229.39 6.0000 317.40 0889 9/20/1957 8/9/1976 1,870.68 13.2500 1,071.36 0898 6/25/1956 7/8/1985 1,262.39 4.0000 152.16 0941 2/7/1956 8/17/1976 1,972.66 13.2500 1,049.16 0969 12/11/1954 8/24/1988 1,301.42 1.0000 90.72 0975 10/4/1953 1/3/1983 1,034.97 7.0000 271.08 0978 12/16/1957 5/16/1988 1,128.65 2.0000 110.16 1010 6/20/1956 1/14/1987 1,265.02 3.0000 182.52 1012 1/17/1956 6/8/1976 1,116.03 13.4166 518.76 1109 7/3/1956 1/14/1987 1,136.82 3.0000 137.76 1147 2/3/1969 7/15/1987 1,048.18 2.0000 54.36 1176 1/30/1960 10/23/1986 1,347.44 3.0000 187.20 1235 5/2/1958 1/14/1981 1,390.18 9.0000 483.60 1270 6/19/1957 8/10/1982 1,052.32 14.0000 448.68 1299 6/25/1958 7/13/1976 1,324.79 13.3333 562.32 1303 2/24/1958 6/9/1981 988.31 8.0000 248.04 1345 8/28/1958 8/7/1980 1,385.08 9.0000 502.92 B-44 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 1406 12/26/1957 7/14/1980 1,487.91 9.0000 434.76 1441 10/20/1956 5/7/1979 2,078.39 11.0000 1,117.80 1445 7/23/1956 5/23/1988 1,279.05 2.0000 124.32 1562 7/29/1968 10/27/1988 940.92 1.0000 44.04 1603 5/29/1964 3/30/1987 122.28 1630 5/9/1955 1/14/1977 1,538.17 12.0000 937.92 1637 12/28/1956 8/6/1985 1,400.80 4.0000 259.92 1665 7/24/1966 4/25/1988 1,153.04 2.0000 49.32 1766 9/24/1956 5/8/1986 931.72 4.0000 105.60 1814 9/6/1957 7/30/1980 1,688.70 9.0000 664.92 1846 2/2/1956 12/1/1986 982.28 3.0000 117.48 1850 3/4/1957 9/12/1983 1,306.59 6.0000 314.28 1871 1/19/1956 8/29/1985 1,651.87 4.0000 359.88 1909 7/24/1960 1/12/1982 1,194.77 8.0000 348.60 1913 1/1/1958 4/6/1983 1,669.12 7.0000 526.32 1980 10/25/1958 9/22/1978 1,218.39 11.0000 542.28 2020 10/23/1963 7/27/1981 1,312.90 8.0000 229.32 2030 4/19/1957 8/7/1978 2,509.54 11.0000 1,530.60 2032 9/29/1955 4/13/1988 907.14 2.0000 80.88 2129 4/15/1958 4/19/1982 1,115.62 8.0000 156.00 2168 8/16/1956 2/24/1980 1,637.44 10.0000 706.08 2194 6/16/1958 7/24/1988 1,657.20 1.0000 137.40 2195 5/23/1958 8/15/1980 1,095.73 7.0000 266.64 2211 7/27/1956 10/26/1977 1,369.08 12.0000 513.72 0768 11/7/1956 7/7/1986 1,018.67 3.0000 115.08 0800 3/26/1962 4/18/1988 778.67 2.0000 36.00 0868 12/20/1957 9/23/1987 772.92 2.0000 47.52 0902 6/26/1957 6/24/1985 1,001.56 4.0000 85.68 1002 8/15/1959 1/14/1986 1,015.49 4.0000 135.96 1179 7/24/1956 6/20/1988 1,129.18 1.0000 62.40 1332 1/12/1957 5/11/1988 1,486.34 2.0000 176.64 1582 7/6/1959 5/2/1988 1,104.25 2.0000 72.24 2038 11/7/1956 8/4/1986 1,050.15 3.0000 122.52 2139 9/20/1957 4/13/1987 2,236.19 3.0000 451.08 7821 5/25/1959 8/2/1978 1,328.87 11.0000 528.24 7844 8/19/1956 1/15/1979 1,197.30 11.0000 439.32 7918 7/4/1956 7/30/1980 891.44 9.0000 262.80 8043 10/29/1954 1/7/1981 1,188.18 8.0000 301.20 8187 11/6/1954 4/14/1986 1,059.38 4.0000 162.12 8202 4/11/1956 7/24/1986 1,531.62 3.0000 263.52 8292 3/21/1956 11/9/1983 1,303.37 6.0000 236.88 8451 1/28/1956 7/31/1986 1,100.18 3.0000 119.52 8482 3/19/1960 3/11/1987 1,303.16 3.0000 151.08 8572 12/27/1956 7/25/1988 622.65 7.0000 126.00 8671 4/12/1965 12/4/1986 1,192.54 3.0000 144.00 8839 10/13/1960 2/15/1979 1,369.79 11.0000 475.20 8855 5/27/1959 8/4/1987 1,071.18 2.0000 90.36 

B-45 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 8901 9/23/1958 5/22/1984 1,259.76 6.0000 225.96 9118 10/28/1959 4/3/1978 1,485.61 12.0000 749.52 9151 8/4/1957 9/5/1978 1,412.87 11.0000 563.64 1864 3/26/1956 9/15/1986 1,243.27 3.0000 178.80 1915 1/31/1958 10/3/1988 1,158.20 1.0000 49.08 2014 1/14/1957 4/28/1980 1,243.46 10.0000 430.68 2517 4/1/1958 3/20/1989 1,040.79 8.0000 214.80 2533 3/31/1957 7/13/1987 728.76 2.0000 36.00 2998 9/1/1955 8/11/1977 1,489.80 8.4166 708.00 3002 11/1/1957 5/18/1987 1,122.32 3.0000 138.60 3020 5/19/1959 3/3/1976 1,164.00 14.0000 522.60 3408 2/2/1959 3/16/1987 1,370.47 3.0000 192.12 3488 4/22/1959 8/10/1987 1,057.24 2.0000 84.36 3547 4/24/1955 9/29/1987 983.07 2.0000 71.88 5705 7/19/1955 5/11/1987 1,123.89 3.0000 141.60 6217 1/2/1964 1/30/1984 1,573.51 6.0000 383.64 7486 4/29/1957 9/22/1980 986.02 9.0000 239.52 7755 7/31/1964 6/14/1982 910.77 6.0000 108.00 7941 6/3/1965 8/19/1992 903.39 3.0000 80.76 8282 5/21/1963 9/11/1986 1,105.01 3.0000 131.76 8329 5/11/1964 8/16/1987 1,255.56 2.0000 105.72 8481 5/18/1964 7/21/1986 1,225.48 3.0000 127.68 8668 2/22/1964 7/30/1984 1,388.73 5.0000 315.72 9248 7/11/1968 10/31/1988 1,655.62 1.0000 114.36 9278 10/7/1965 7/16/1984 1,063.84 5.0000 164.16 9289 7/1/1965 1/11/1984 902.26 6.0000 128.16 9319 12/12/1962 9/9/1985 1,080.77 4.0000 108.60 9527 9/15/1964 10/3/1983 1,066.75 6.0000 205.80 9607 8/1/1967 8/4/1986 1,395.96 3.0000 167.16 9689 2/9/1964 10/10/1983 949.45 6.0000 113.52 9913 4/13/1965 9/20/1988 943.89 1.0000 35.04 0161 5/21/1962 11/11/1986 874.72 3.0000 66.36 1871 11/29/1963 12/8/1982 916.64 7.0000 144.84 1909 4/21/1955 7/14/1986 1,251.01 3.0000 142.92 2127 7/16/1958 10/1/1980 1,624.33 9.0000 783.36 2216 5/11/1963 11/16/1982 820.19 7.0000 128.40 2256 7/26/1957 4/24/1978 1,308.39 12.0000 639.36 2837 7/26/1964 9/27/1982 1,490.14 7.0000 342.48 4031 12/11/1956 6/7/1982 1,551.50 7.0000 496.68 4988 7/10/1961 8/14/1979 1,416.44 10.0000 424.68 5219 1/24/1957 8/11/1988 1,280.61 3.0000 156.36 5827 10/21/1964 8/1/1983 1,191.05 6.0000 256.08 5837 9/16/1960 9/15/1981 1,949.40 8.0000 708.24 5953 7/19/1960 10/23/1978 1,221.92 11.0000 450.96 5985 9/2/1957 6/4/1975 1,534.76 14.4166 844.32 6947 8/29/1968 4/25/1988 1,155.35 2.0000 74.52 7896 2/5/1961 10/15/1980 1,147.83 9.0000 300.48 B-46 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 8116 3/16/1960 3/23/1987 898.82 3.0000 72.84 8337 11/30/1958 3/23/1981 1,237.69 9.0000 333.48 9747 9/21/1963 11/30/1981 1,670.45 8.0000 657.24 0194 7/2/1958 2/19/1987 1,070.87 3.0000 94.08 2272 12/21/1957 7/27/1982 861.07 5.0000 90.00 3084 9/7/1961 4/1/1980 1,277.70 10.0000 429.84 3161 6/2/1958 11/11/1985 1,027.88 7.0000 226.08 3925 6/9/1966 8/7/1984 968.57 5.0000 100.08 5514 1/3/1959 7/18/1977 980.75 12.0000 393.36 7635 10/3/1959 11/10/1986 1,091.96 3.0000 103.56 7984 1/19/1958 6/13/1988 961.60 1.0000 25.44 5031 12/5/1960 7/8/1981 1,204.31 8.0000 299.64 7230 5/30/1968 11/10/1986 1,259.24 3.0000 131.16 7496 9/4/1958 9/25/1986 1,148.58 3.0000 165.48 7530 4/1/1960 4/23/1980 994.27 10.0000 287.76 8746 3/26/1968 3/16/1987 1,198.08 3.0000 151.32 0054 10/14/1958 7/15/1985 1,547.19 4.0000 268.44 1402 2/18/1959 7/23/1980 1,322.30 9.0000 474.84 1434 12/15/1959 6/18/1979 1,226.56 10.0000 323.88 3355 1/15/1959 1/27/1981 1,398.80 9.0000 473.40 5729 11/11/1954 4/21/1987 1,123.57 3.0000 158.28 8544 2/10/1959 8/20/1987 1,437.34 2.0000 150.24 9599 1/9/1958 8/18/1986 881.04 3.0000 92.64 2157 1/17/1960 8/27/1985 1,604.25 4.0000 307.80 2757 4/27/1963 4/2/1984 1,146.94 6.0000 190.56 2778 6/2/1961 6/7/1979 924.55 10.0000 180.00 2832 3/22/1959 7/7/1986 1,246.43 3.0000 148.68 6728 11/9/1959 4/27/1987 564.91 2.0000 36.00 8223 8/4/1959 10/29/1979 1,782.38 10.0000 799.56 8318 10/4/1963 9/2/1987 1,204.24 2.0000 99.60 9178 3/17/1960 11/28/1983 1,277.82 6.0000 309.12 0261 5/21/1960 7/16/1985 1,138.81 4.0000 142.20 1088 9/9/1963 9/23/1985 1,046.08 4.0000 126.00 1129 12/6/1967 4/20/1986 973.47 2.0000 51.84 1243 6/8/1968 8/19/1987 1,057.64 2.0000 77.28 1300 4/28/1967 8/28/1985 1,051.23 4.0000 95.52 2538 7/9/1961 1/4/1982 1,893.48 8.0000 624.96 3312 12/3/1963 2/3/1987 1,454.23 3.0000 193.08 3798 7/19/1964 9/8/1983 1,266.27 6.0000 345.00 4430 5/26/1957 6/16/1980 1,576.32 9.0000 668.16 5867 6/10/1961 10/10/1989 1,343.17 9.0000 457.68 5962 9/13/1960 10/27/1986 822.98 3.0000 60.36 6341 7/18/1964 6/14/1982 1,287.29 7.0000 321.48 6422 6/11/1961 6/22/1988 1,159.19 1.0000 50.40 7496 5/17/1959 6/16/1986 944.06 3.0000 79.56 7618 12/5/1960 8/6/1982 1,649.77 7.0000 372.72 8210 7/16/1960 1/7/1987 1,223.46 2.0000 133.32 

B-47 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 8232 3/3/1966 5/31/1989 1,347.06 3.0000 121.44 0240 8/25/1958 12/30/1980 1,260.40 9.0000 328.08 0608 4/25/1965 11/17/1986 1,498.87 3.0000 188.40 0679 5/27/1968 5/4/1988 1,452.76 2.0000 92.16 0983 1/14/1963 5/26/1987 1,110.91 4.0000 186.48 1508 6/15/1962 7/10/1980 1,177.44 9.0000 331.92 3798 9/15/1959 8/24/1986 1,327.46 2.0000 132.72 3928 12/31/1960 7/24/1979 1,102.78 10.0000 352.32 4513 1/20/1962 7/15/1985 1,615.50 4.0000 274.20 7162 7/31/1963 11/15/1983 1,255.40 6.0000 211.92 8280 7/23/1961 8/6/1984 1,294.01 5.0000 244.68 0120 9/15/1961 1/4/1984 1,822.27 6.0000 475.80 1071 2/22/1962 9/8/1987 1,185.54 2.0000 107.76 1727 8/28/1963 7/19/1982 1,644.25 7.0000 501.84 2544 9/22/1961 9/13/1982 1,483.71 7.0000 418.20 2631 4/29/1962 8/10/1987 1,222.86 2.0000 87.48 2639 4/29/1962 7/23/1980 1,694.65 9.0000 566.04 3951 8/9/1959 12/15/1986 1,066.57 3.0000 70.56 4648 3/18/1963 8/1/1988 848.94 1.0000 30.36 5267 4/6/1963 11/17/1980 1,255.22 9.0000 382.68 5945 2/26/1964 7/7/1986 1,422.44 3.0000 158.04 7558 10/6/1961 3/2/1987 999.21 3.0000 90.00 8493 3/22/1962 8/18/1986 1,039.57 3.0000 67.56 8704 1/2/1968 5/4/1987 1,158.09 3.0000 114.24 1322 7/9/1961 8/27/1979 1,185.93 10.0000 338.52 1805 6/17/1962 12/9/1986 1,355.40 3.0000 141.96 2421 3/18/1962 8/17/1988 1,103.29 4.0000 86.28 3022 11/6/1960 6/17/1986 1,017.97 3.0000 93.36 3969 9/19/1968 8/10/1987 1,082.40 2.0000 65.64 5251 8/21/1965 6/24/1985 1,171.07 3.0000 196.80 6084 12/16/1966 8/12/1986 1,036.72 3.0000 77.52 8668 4/29/1964 8/18/1988 1,358.46 1.0000 69.60 8792 1/2/1966 10/21/1985 1,013.84 4.0000 153.60 8932 3/28/1963 12/1/1986 1,092.14 3.0000 100.80 9409 7/24/1960 4/22/1981 2,071.85 9.0000 939.72 0334 5/30/1963 10/29/1980 1,694.49 9.0000 650.40 2784 8/17/1963 9/3/1986 1,504.44 3.0000 176.52 4381 5/7/1964 11/1/1983 776.23 6.0000 108.00 4554 2/16/1968 9/23/1987 1,445.01 2.0000 158.28 4682 6/29/1962 9/10/1985 1,590.92 4.0000 219.36 4834 2/20/1962 8/7/1980 1,248.34 6.0000 181.08 6569 7/5/1962 5/15/1979 1,373.28 11.0000 455.88 8239 10/7/1965 11/10/1986 1,160.56 3.0000 83.88 8439 3/15/1963 6/3/1980 976.14 9.0000 162.00 1223 10/11/1965 5/16/1988 1,010.77 2.0000 72.72 5013 9/6/1962 8/17/1987 1,051.87 2.0000 78.48 5023 10/11/1962 7/21/1988 1,184.27 1.0000 97.08 B-48 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 5274 12/5/1966 3/9/1987 782.96 3.0000 54.00 6915 10/2/1961 10/21/1980 1,105.75 9.0000 397.92 7789 6/24/1964 4/9/1986 1,619.19 4.0000 278.88 9047 2/11/1964 8/29/1983 1,110.90 6.0000 294.72 0430 8/9/1965 3/28/1984 1,611.99 6.0000 339.96 3056 6/29/1964 9/6/1983 973.25 6.0000 137.40 3578 2/24/1963 7/13/1987 1,233.28 2.0000 108.72 5832 11/7/1965 11/17/1986 944.05 3.0000 62.40 3467 11/3/1964 6/16/1986 843.05 3.0000 54.00 4052 3/26/1964 6/12/1988 1,338.06 1.0000 52.56 7850 6/9/1964 8/4/1982 1,457.84 7.0000 273.84 8313 1/4/1965 3/12/1986 1,546.91 4.0000 239.40 9233 12/28/1967 5/16/1988 1,441.73 2.0000 92.88 4190 5/7/1966 6/7/1984 1,455.04 5.0000 291.60 6768 10/18/1966 1/19/1987 1,613.51 3.0000 205.20 6891 1/17/1965 7/10/1985 1,802.67 4.0000 346.56 7945 11/26/1966 4/23/1987 1,164.24 2.0000 85.68 9295 1/25/1968 8/4/1986 894.15 3.0000 54.00 9473 9/6/1967 6/6/1988 856.03 1.0000 18.24 4482 11/3/2026 4/18/1966 1,746.10 24.0000 3,535.44 8553 4/24/2028 10/9/1986 1,743.00 3.0000 459.12 2806 8/21/1966 10/12/1988 947.94 1.0000 35.28 3032 7/10/1967 9/23/1985 1,171.88 2.0000 36.00 4930 9/1/1967 8/21/1985 1,108.92 4.0000 129.24 5045 12/8/1964 6/17/1985 904.18 4.0000 97.92 5147 8/27/1966 5/9/1988 1,240.87 2.0000 105.36 7276 1/3/1966 1/12/1987 934.23 3.0000 80.52 9028 8/4/1965 11/14/1988 1,033.84 1.0000 45.96 1148 1/25/1967 6/10/1985 747.00 4.0000 72.00 4467 4/2/1967 6/2/1986 752.96 3.0000 54.00 4615 4/26/1967 9/6/1988 1,147.96 1.0000 42.24 5186 12/20/1967 9/28/1987 709.31 2.0000 36.00 6351 5/10/1967 5/9/1988 737.33 2.0000 36.00 7350 7/7/1962 8/18/1987 916.38 2.0000 54.36 0294 12/9/2029 8/1/1950 1,830.63 39.3333 2,301.36 0433 8/19/2028 3/1/1948 4,686.12 0729 3/25/2027 9/7/1949 88,854.37 40.1666 280,027.08 0827 1/8/2029 9/9/1963 1,765.99 8.4166 1,267.68 1579 8/29/1966 9/29/1986 945.57 3.0000 62.88 1162 5/3/1967 7/24/1986 1,172.69 3.0000 127.08 7980 5/9/1968 7/13/1987 848.34 2.0000 40.08 2663 4/29/2029 10/30/1978 2,099.13 11.0000 2,448.36 3031 1/31/2027 9/23/1985 1,339.82 4.0000 259.80 3238 5/14/1930 9/30/1968 1,055.40 8.4166 589.56 4213 11/6/1933 5/27/1953 1,385.00 36.0000 1,602.36 4338 8/22/1930 4/21/1986 934.27 4.0000 207.84 4456 11/3/1930 5/8/1978 1,583.11 12.0000 1,458.48 

B-49 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 4682 11/6/1934 1/11/1987 1,365.12 2.0000 101.88 4952 8/5/1937 8/4/1986 891.53 3.0000 172.44 7626 6/26/1933 6/25/1978 1,699.60 11.0000 1,680.24 7866 5/16/1932 9/1/1970 1,149.54 19.2500 1,164.12 7894 12/21/1931 5/5/1980 970.49 10.0000 577.56 8577 1/4/1934 2/9/1981 1,749.76 9.0000 1,139.64 8806 6/3/1932 11/29/1954 3,604.02 35.0000 6,969.36 9195 3/6/1932 8/26/1987 1,002.24 2.0000 117.12 9308 2/12/1933 7/29/1975 1,007.23 14.3333 864.48 9429 1/24/1935 4/17/1986 1,310.69 4.0000 362.28 9950 3/26/1934 3/11/1981 1,484.80 9.0000 1,132.56 5205 10/9/1933 9/19/1977 1,907.04 12.0000 2,286.00 5318 5/19/1933 9/6/1978 1,354.69 11.0000 1,289.40 5638 2/21/1934 5/9/1988 1,201.73 2.0000 146.16 5708 10/15/1935 11/2/1981 1,527.30 8.0000 1,155.36 6025 9/30/1936 7/9/1983 1,031.52 6.0000 363.12 6433 11/21/1935 1/19/1976 1,048.39 8.4166 568.32 6838 7/10/1933 1/28/1986 956.59 4.0000 189.48 6885 5/1/1935 1/26/1959 1,341.12 7354 2/28/1935 4/4/1960 2,291.04 30.0000 3,663.48 1136 4/3/1932 2/19/1957 1,014.99 8.4166 431.28 3307 11/3/1935 2/26/1958 1,116.40 8.4166 626.88 7626 10/3/1935 9/26/1983 1,300.14 6.0000 672.96 8823 6/19/1937 7/30/1968 873.98 21.3333 703.44 9062 12/12/1936 8/19/1985 1,542.29 4.0000 393.12 9757 2/6/1937 8/28/1978 1,203.28 11.0000 663.60 9842 12/16/1938 7/14/1980 1,771.24 9.0000 1,253.88 9974 3/11/1939 7/14/1980 839.76 9.0000 429.00 0025 10/15/1939 4/12/1977 3,141.84 0193 4/25/1935 5/24/1987 1,314.45 3.0000 251.04 0262 6/28/1935 5/5/1980 1,098.77 8.4166 773.04 0342 10/26/1935 9/26/1983 923.90 5.0000 149.40 0608 11/5/1936 9/3/1985 1,083.08 4.0000 208.68 1124 5/2/1938 1/6/1967 1,102.48 23.0000 1,088.04 1197 12/19/1937 8/16/1982 1,757.90 7.0000 1,105.68 2320 1/1/1938 6/6/1977 1,603.92 12.0000 1,758.36 0134 6/27/1940 11/6/1978 1,525.53 11.0000 1,271.16 0316 9/6/1938 5/12/1989 1,493.13 4.0000 447.36 0447 6/9/1939 7/1/1982 950.36 7.0000 402.12 0542 9/15/1938 6/6/1955 2,026.00 33.0833 2,585.76 0876 12/20/1936 7/13/1977 1,590.54 12.0000 1,380.96 0980 3/23/1938 2/14/1972 1,688.58 18.0000 2,207.16 1040 1/25/1936 10/4/1983 1,431.86 6.0000 672.24 1714 2/26/1940 1/18/1977 1,713.09 13.0000 2,048.52 1818 5/10/1939 6/9/1980 1,093.55 9.0000 592.68 2201 6/26/1936 8/30/1976 1,039.86 13.2500 848.04 2472 8/28/1938 11/21/1983 1,403.90 8.4166 1,005.36 B-50 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 7868 1/13/1937 1/22/1986 1,140.54 4.0000 291.96 8700 2/14/1938 6/12/1963 1,150.99 8.4166 712.44 3101 6/13/1940 12/3/1975 1,118.81 14.0000 682.20 0174 3/28/1941 7/28/1986 1,260.95 18.0833 973.44 0705 9/7/1938 11/1/1982 1,064.66 7.0000 572.52 1201 1/9/1938 8/24/1987 862.53 2.0000 76.32 1265 8/12/1940 8/24/1982 1,849.76 7.0000 1,063.44 1668 11/1/1940 7/9/1986 703.45 3.0000 63.72 1870 6/14/1942 1/26/1976 1,609.29 14.0000 1,379.16 1983 9/30/1940 2/23/1978 1,305.46 13.1666 1,151.40 2158 1/18/1939 7/22/1985 850.68 4.0000 228.24 2295 11/12/1939 5/18/1987 931.30 3.0000 131.76 7565 9/26/1940 8/8/1988 1,066.48 1.0000 121.80 1865 12/9/1940 11/14/1979 1,044.16 10.0000 562.92 0334 10/31/1943 8/1/1985 1,331.19 4.0000 374.64 0360 2/20/1942 9/20/1988 954.27 1.0000 56.88 0716 11/17/1942 2/26/1979 1,600.11 11.0000 1,152.24 0737 5/22/1944 6/7/1978 1,921.28 11.0000 1,414.08 0741 10/1/1945 9/7/1983 913.36 6.0000 329.88 0785 1/30/1944 6/16/1986 814.93 3.0000 95.64 0806 6/25/1942 10/16/1979 829.55 8.4166 290.04 0821 10/18/1946 10/10/1972 1,630.22 17.0833 1,262.28 0965 9/24/1942 5/31/1961 1,931.21 29.0000 2,248.32 0991 9/1/1941 3/13/1973 1,157.10 8.4166 746.16 1037 11/18/1942 9/24/1973 1,087.38 16.1666 882.48 2306 4/24/1943 5/15/1986 864.60 4.0000 140.88 7979 3/2/1943 7/9/1985 1,043.22 4.0000 215.88 2591 7/12/1944 1/26/1981 2,085.62 9.0000 1,435.80 2611 9/21/1938 10/13/1986 912.79 3.0000 103.56 2709 8/27/1945 9/13/1982 1,011.83 5.0000 286.32 3857 12/13/1946 12/29/1981 2,033.81 8.0000 1,118.76 3875 5/16/1945 1/5/1984 1,409.42 6.0000 500.28 3902 4/20/1947 10/2/1981 1,218.38 8.0000 493.32 4136 7/27/1945 12/4/1974 1,743.61 15.0000 1,547.64 4260 8/14/1943 11/3/1980 1,362.09 9.0000 855.72 4976 7/29/1945 7/10/1963 1,260.16 26.0000 1,009.44 3903 10/10/1945 10/10/1988 11,056.50 1.0000 2,041.08 5010 2/17/1948 10/29/1974 1,651.02 15.0833 1,408.56 5516 7/18/1947 7/26/1971 682.76 8.4166 151.44 5586 11/8/1946 10/3/1977 2,376.11 8.4166 1,572.48 5647 5/23/1945 10/13/1986 822.48 3.0000 93.48 7310 6/20/1947 2/11/1987 1,050.42 3.0000 130.32 7391 3/30/1963 9/7/1983 1,298.11 6.0000 209.04 7426 6/13/1963 4/13/1987 1,621.94 1.0000 29.40 7434 10/8/1945 8/20/1987 1,035.89 2.0000 120.96 7284 12/13/1946 8/24/1987 1,041.86 2.0000 159.72 0050 12/10/1945 7/9/1981 1,029.32 8.0000 455.76 

B-51 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 0184 8/10/1963 10/26/1982 1,150.58 7.0000 250.44 0225 7/21/1946 4/28/1986 789.96 4.0000 76.44 0241 10/7/1947 9/21/1983 1,012.10 6.0000 388.20 0527 11/30/1949 6/9/1986 945.98 3.0000 113.52 0558 10/31/1946 5/7/1987 1,348.27 3.0000 353.52 0722 7/25/1949 4/20/1976 2,008.77 14.0000 1,554.60 0732 6/26/1947 7/9/1986 1,072.40 3.0000 150.60 0745 1/28/1948 8/19/1982 1,788.60 9.0000 994.20 0860 4/17/1947 8/18/1986 1,543.44 3.0000 321.72 0916 7/24/1947 8/17/1972 1,787.90 17.2500 1,537.08 1126 10/17/1945 7/28/1980 1,271.82 9.0000 778.44 1182 7/1/1947 8/28/1978 1,058.31 11.0000 477.00 1415 4/15/1950 8/27/1982 1,442.07 7.0000 577.08 1478 6/13/1952 9/25/1986 1,232.91 10.0000 421.32 2122 5/19/1948 9/14/1987 926.68 2.0000 89.88 2288 3/21/1948 4/6/1981 1,052.85 9.0000 290.16 2344 4/23/1947 7/20/1977 1,013.43 7.4166 479.64 2478 5/2/1947 2/19/1980 1,117.75 7.0000 370.20 5958 5/22/1948 3/27/1984 640.44 6.0000 108.00 6115 1/12/1948 5/27/1987 849.90 3.0000 103.08 7935 1/23/1954 8/21/1972 1,002.90 17.2500 453.36 7993 3/21/1952 10/2/1972 1,850.75 17.0833 1,376.16 8097 8/6/1951 10/9/1974 1,453.28 15.0833 1,055.52 8119 7/21/1952 6/17/1986 1,152.49 3.0000 207.36 8175 3/21/1933 8/4/1980 1,610.45 9.0000 1,358.64 8228 3/13/1951 5/7/1987 1,260.64 3.0000 221.04 8234 2/14/1951 1/4/1987 1,107.06 3.0000 160.44 8256 7/10/1947 2/8/1982 1,043.44 8.0000 337.80 8306 3/24/1952 4/14/1986 975.03 5.0000 192.72 8391 8/25/1948 2/25/1976 929.80 8.4166 262.68 8452 8/16/1949 5/23/1988 759.93 2.0000 51.36 8499 7/23/1949 6/19/1988 1,258.31 4.0000 353.88 8526 7/31/1952 2/14/1983 1,620.10 6.0000 510.84 8632 5/21/1948 2/9/1986 1,408.63 4.0000 374.04 8671 7/2/1948 8/13/1987 946.87 2.0000 95.28 8682 1/12/1951 12/8/1986 1,438.02 3.0000 289.80 8702 12/21/1947 3/1/1983 1,342.04 7.0000 489.48 8799 8/22/1949 8/8/1977 1,690.79 12.0000 1,072.20 0015 3/2/1952 2/8/1980 1,312.31 7.0000 729.12 0061 7/12/1949 11/7/1979 1,082.06 12.0000 558.96 0109 5/8/1951 6/14/1982 973.57 7.0000 290.16 0155 8/23/1951 5/11/1977 1,440.02 13.0000 1,007.28 0194 5/4/1948 5/22/1972 920.16 13.0000 417.12 0212 2/4/1949 5/21/1986 1,604.50 4.0000 480.60 0288 1/26/1952 5/6/1986 1,084.55 4.0000 197.52 0439 6/27/1950 1/20/1969 1,342.76 8.4166 546.24 0574 3/20/1951 6/4/1986 905.46 3.0000 104.40 B-52 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 0624 9/26/1955 7/18/1988 584.59 1.0000 18.00 0674 8/5/1950 11/4/1982 1,580.08 7.0000 560.04 0840 11/10/1951 7/17/1973 915.03 16.3333 540.00 0845 6/3/1953 9/2/1975 1,715.35 14.1666 1,017.96 0874 12/15/1952 8/16/1982 1,080.26 7.0000 304.80 0898 2/1/1953 3/28/1974 1,807.20 8.4166 743.16 0940 6/18/1951 10/27/1987 832.04 2.0000 61.68 1013 3/28/1956 10/10/1983 932.94 6.0000 183.60 1102 1/22/1964 9/1/1983 1,500.97 6.0000 335.88 1149 8/23/1947 7/10/1967 1,321.58 18.2500 1,205.76 1186 11/26/1943 9/19/1978 1,201.74 11.0000 685.44 1203 10/3/1951 1/3/1980 795.50 8.4167 345.96 1235 12/31/1952 5/6/1974 2,038.37 16.0000 1,552.92 1401 9/12/1949 5/10/1988 772.60 2.0000 115.44 1468 12/18/1954 10/7/1985 1,124.64 4.0000 171.96 1476 5/1/1951 12/2/1982 1,570.66 7.0000 393.24 1557 7/17/1951 9/17/1982 1,201.86 7.0000 339.60 1703 11/2/1951 7/13/1988 1,421.78 1.0000 144.36 1731 9/9/1951 10/11/1973 1,469.41 16.0833 801.36 1834 11/19/1950 1/12/1987 1,025.11 3.0000 216.36 1923 5/10/1951 8/19/1970 1,826.85 19.2500 1,466.52 1942 7/7/1949 5/16/1973 921.11 17.0000 540.00 2075 8/14/1949 5/5/1986 617.91 4.0000 72.00 2101 5/3/1966 7/9/1984 1,129.23 5.0000 90.00 2119 12/5/1951 10/2/1981 1,537.73 8.0000 331.32 2288 4/22/1951 12/10/1979 1,723.97 10.0000 780.00 2309 10/23/1947 2/11/1986 1,386.55 4.0000 450.24 2368 9/6/1951 8/30/1971 1,391.21 17.3333 921.84 2417 3/23/1951 1/29/1974 1,037.15 16.0000 376.80 2441 11/8/1950 5/28/1980 1,016.88 10.0000 391.32 2489 4/7/1950 4/22/1969 1,657.65 21.0000 1,321.56 4709 10/2/1949 4/19/1975 896.05 8.4166 301.08 7976 6/23/1953 7/13/1982 1,951.50 7.0000 797.28 9013 4/7/1953 5/16/1988 1,094.90 2.0000 145.56 9099 11/3/1952 11/9/1987 1,123.87 2.0000 125.16 0160 10/28/1960 7/11/1979 1,715.98 10.0000 689.04 0226 5/7/1948 11/23/1976 1,186.74 13.0000 703.44 0229 3/27/1954 9/25/1986 1,094.31 2.0000 141.72 0264 4/3/1957 12/8/1982 1,589.04 7.0000 533.04 0287 11/18/1953 2/24/1981 1,319.62 9.0000 519.96 0404 2/10/1952 3/31/1971 1,617.73 19.0000 1,297.56 0475 7/24/1954 5/1/1987 1,181.14 3.0000 165.60 0489 7/26/1953 4/24/1981 1,705.94 9.0000 702.24 0515 7/26/1955 8/8/1980 1,860.43 9.0000 816.12 0549 6/26/1955 8/31/1983 1,132.43 6.0000 313.56 0574 7/31/1954 7/25/1974 1,288.96 8.4166 435.72 0610 12/14/1954 7/20/1987 1,162.09 2.0000 120.84 

B-53 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 0678 2/28/1960 6/2/1986 2,521.52 3.0000 504.60 0807 6/22/1953 8/6/1980 1,062.56 9.0000 361.80 0840 2/4/1952 4/28/1980 1,307.62 10.0000 543.96 0857 7/23/1958 6/5/1978 1,695.57 11.0000 728.76 0894 4/5/1965 5/21/1984 1,732.86 6.0000 397.68 0987 5/5/1958 10/3/1983 1,564.10 6.0000 445.20 1035 5/24/1956 1/5/1987 1,325.51 3.0000 178.68 1236 6/16/1955 4/28/1978 1,720.03 12.0000 981.00 1304 11/8/1953 10/12/1987 1,153.22 2.0000 132.48 1330 2/1/1955 10/7/1975 1,056.73 14.0833 454.44 1552 12/11/1952 9/1/1972 1,354.24 17.2500 872.88 1568 10/20/1955 1/29/1980 1,956.13 10.0000 918.72 1569 6/28/1955 5/15/1986 1,438.42 4.0000 338.64 1672 2/27/1957 4/30/1973 1,374.93 17.0000 827.28 1731 8/20/1954 10/7/1987 950.91 2.0000 71.16 1741 11/6/1952 1/3/1975 1,995.30 15.0000 1,490.64 1771 6/10/1955 5/7/1986 1,328.71 4.0000 270.00 1792 10/23/1953 10/26/1987 1,887.97 1.0000 42.48 1815 2/26/1956 9/17/1986 1,044.26 3.0000 123.24 1924 6/2/1954 3/29/1982 1,438.64 8.0000 506.40 2027 4/10/1954 7/15/1986 828.70 3.0000 84.00 2063 10/3/1967 6/10/1986 1,688.05 3.0000 182.64 2178 10/11/1955 8/23/1982 1,204.50 6.0000 279.00 2221 9/21/1952 6/5/1985 1,597.45 4.0000 346.80 2228 12/27/1954 11/24/1973 1,860.96 14.0000 1,179.60 2242 8/22/1952 11/26/1974 1,246.59 15.0000 637.08 2276 5/9/1954 2/22/1977 1,432.49 8.4167 515.64 2297 8/16/1953 2/11/1980 1,950.65 10.0000 1,008.00 2306 4/1/1952 4/18/1972 1,108.52 18.0000 727.80 2400 10/16/1954 4/2/1973 1,555.47 17.0000 1,064.64 2467 7/17/1953 4/9/1986 1,260.18 4.0000 253.20 0065 5/21/1956 9/30/1987 929.97 2.0000 76.32 4885 4/8/1954 7/29/1987 812.33 2.0000 54.36 5021 7/19/1955 6/20/1988 1,132.88 1.0000 54.60 6312 3/25/1963 4/29/1987 1,303.37 3.0000 122.28 6550 5/11/1957 10/27/1976 1,683.41 13.0833 1,024.32 8454 6/29/1953 8/18/1980 1,522.72 9.0000 727.20 9118 1/21/1958 2/16/1987 1,133.99 3.0000 137.88 0096 6/14/1955 6/17/1975 987.25 15.0000 433.08 0188 4/25/1955 6/4/1986 915.99 3.0000 64.08 0319 10/4/1956 2/16/1977 1,685.15 13.0000 876.84 0426 5/27/1956 5/6/1987 1,132.72 3.0000 118.68 0882 3/11/1958 9/15/1986 1,045.80 3.0000 122.04 2339 6/30/1957 11/12/1986 1,145.06 3.0000 146.28 0835 9/28/1954 12/31/1991 1,308.30 2.0000 169.08 1190 9/30/1959 11/6/1978 1,083.66 11.0000 360.60 2216 8/31/1953 5/26/1987 1,058.53 3.0000 145.92 B-54 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 2285 11/25/1958 6/17/1977 884.38 12.0000 250.92 3641 12/7/1955 3/21/1983 1,327.81 7.0000 328.92 0170 12/1/1961 3/16/1981 1,765.97 9.0000 667.68 0571 5/6/1962 2/23/1984 1,545.52 6.0000 392.16 0736 11/28/1966 10/9/1985 1,203.42 4.0000 163.32 8180 5/22/1959 5/14/1984 1,282.24 6.0000 277.56 9222 9/4/1961 12/12/1979 1,774.15 10.0000 786.12 9267 2/15/1962 9/26/1983 1,622.83 6.0000 382.44 0840 6/14/1962 1/29/1987 1,126.02 3.0000 120.84 1069 2/5/1957 5/12/1987 1,044.65 3.0000 177.48 4633 9/30/1962 4/27/1987 994.97 3.0000 87.96 6183 3/29/1955 1/13/1981 1,292.32 9.0000 534.60 6452 8/21/1963 5/5/1982 1,697.82 8.0000 577.68 6819 11/27/1959 3/3/1987 1,335.36 3.0000 182.04 7057 6/28/1957 3/23/1987 1,307.82 3.0000 178.32 7551 12/23/1959 5/17/1987 1,222.57 3.0000 167.04 7743 12/25/1956 3/20/1989 1,042.65 1.0000 39.00 8582 8/6/1958 7/8/1981 1,599.47 8.0000 795.36 1486 11/23/1965 6/4/1984 1,670.51 5.0000 255.60 2735 7/10/1960 9/6/1988 854.41 1.0000 22.92 2984 11/27/1958 5/27/1982 1,877.56 8.0000 729.60 3912 8/23/1965 5/10/1988 1,350.34 2.0000 144.00 3969 12/23/1965 10/7/1985 1,241.36 4.0000 103.08 4099 8/28/1966 8/15/1988 997.53 1.0000 25.80 6089 10/3/1957 10/30/1986 973.05 3.0000 88.20 6346 9/20/1960 10/13/1986 1,357.07 3.0000 159.48 7451 2/13/1958 8/3/1982 1,747.77 7.0000 740.28 0590 11/25/1963 6/20/1988 887.57 1.0000 26.76 0877 7/31/1962 8/24/1988 949.67 1.0000 42.72 2148 10/18/1959 10/5/1983 2,182.34 6.0000 674.04 2552 10/7/1961 11/14/1978 1,417.48 11.0000 645.36 2630 3/8/1958 7/29/1985 1,424.10 4.0000 273.84 4468 3/24/1959 1/27/1987 1,206.87 3.0000 141.60 4529 11/25/1962 10/27/1982 1,584.58 7.0000 399.36 6506 2/3/1959 9/7/1982 1,850.78 7.0000 541.80 7242 7/27/1963 7/25/1985 1,343.37 4.0000 221.28 7720 1/20/1960 5/4/1987 1,424.82 3.0000 214.20 8063 9/13/1956 5/7/1986 1,096.81 4.0000 155.64 9946 6/26/1961 9/13/1979 1,426.38 10.0000 562.32 1162 12/25/1957 9/22/1977 1,787.27 11.0000 892.44 3628 3/16/1960 7/11/1978 1,275.16 11.0000 517.68 3654 12/28/1960 4/23/1986 888.59 4.0000 87.60 5339 1/20/1965 4/21/1987 1,100.44 3.0000 119.76 7987 7/14/1961 11/10/1987 950.06 2.0000 63.12 8663 12/27/1960 5/19/1986 1,032.88 4.0000 139.44 8825 7/24/1961 9/3/1980 1,615.87 9.0000 584.28 8852 11/19/1959 5/25/1982 1,044.57 8.0000 250.80 

B-55 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 1183 3/30/1959 5/4/1987 1,172.05 3.0000 147.48 2804 5/15/1963 12/2/1982 1,540.11 7.0000 248.40 3600 10/22/1959 7/26/1978 1,300.62 11.0000 546.36 3735 9/26/1969 7/21/1988 1,075.47 2.0000 57.12 4476 8/2/1965 9/6/1983 1,057.75 6.0000 150.12 5098 11/30/1958 7/18/1988 964.43 1.0000 38.64 6610 7/13/1965 7/10/1985 875.43 4.0000 72.00 7823 10/9/1959 4/23/1980 1,220.04 10.0000 468.36 7920 7/6/1962 1/25/1984 1,123.35 6.0000 232.20 8197 5/3/1960 2/11/1986 1,220.49 4.0000 190.08 8576 5/17/1959 4/26/1988 1,088.61 2.0000 159.96 9659 5/13/1959 8/24/1987 853.75 2.0000 64.32 2284 12/15/1962 9/25/1980 1,263.81 9.0000 433.44 2456 2/2/1965 4/28/1987 939.76 3.0000 54.00 2781 9/8/1965 2/18/1986 883.63 4.0000 72.00 2806 12/18/1961 5/11/1987 1,146.74 3.0000 143.76 3248 3/12/1962 4/8/1986 1,488.78 4.0000 240.12 3419 12/17/1961 5/5/1987 889.54 3.0000 62.28 4740 12/4/1963 10/29/1986 1,111.64 3.0000 54.00 4824 2/25/1961 6/27/1988 884.77 1.0000 31.08 7557 9/23/1961 6/16/1980 981.66 8.0000 220.08 8042 1/27/1959 10/3/1985 1,165.72 4.0000 148.92 0505 8/31/1961 1/9/1984 1,784.27 6.0000 456.00 0776 2/28/1961 8/27/1979 1,268.75 10.0000 406.56 1981 3/3/1958 8/27/1980 1,606.09 13.0833 800.04 5283 8/10/1957 5/19/1978 1,301.80 12.0000 702.96 5378 10/21/1960 10/19/1981 4,617.80 8.0000 3,704.76 7180 7/31/1960 5/4/1987 1,085.33 3.0000 129.12 7555 7/21/1966 4/22/1986 1,220.46 4.0000 235.68 0584 10/1/1968 8/17/1987 911.86 2.0000 50.88 3087 10/9/1961 9/24/1979 1,498.92 10.0000 490.44 4075 2/16/1960 6/20/1978 701.57 11.0000 198.00 5240 5/14/1966 1/6/1986 1,127.52 4.0000 155.16 5669 10/5/1960 7/11/1988 1,134.05 1.0000 59.04 6375 4/21/1965 9/15/1985 1,457.41 4.0000 231.36 7445 9/3/1963 7/24/1991 180.24 8262 6/3/1961 7/27/1987 1,138.17 2.0000 108.60 9215 7/15/1960 8/24/1979 1,642.18 10.0000 706.92 9481 8/12/1967 7/30/1987 1,557.79 2.0000 127.68 1114 12/30/1965 7/30/1985 1,444.02 4.0000 177.96 5933 11/1/1961 11/17/1985 1,492.65 4.0000 214.68 6078 7/28/1963 10/30/1986 1,019.07 3.0000 89.16 6115 6/21/1962 8/12/1986 1,190.46 3.0000 145.68 2353 9/1/1963 6/10/1985 1,421.48 4.0000 258.24 4798 11/1/1963 2/24/1982 1,213.91 8.0000 335.04 7134 7/24/1962 2/27/1984 1,000.93 6.0000 206.88 7954 2/26/1964 6/14/1988 1,236.69 1.0000 59.04 B-56 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 8947 5/15/1965 8/29/1983 1,201.62 6.0000 271.20 9350 10/2/1962 8/15/1988 954.30 1.0000 33.48 9385 9/27/1962 7/12/1988 765.01 8.0000 144.00 9460 2/7/1964 11/14/1988 1,115.70 2.0000 133.32 9512 9/21/1963 5/28/1986 871.53 4.0000 93.84 9706 6/11/1965 10/31/1983 886.35 6.0000 141.12 0319 6/23/1967 7/15/1985 867.62 4.0000 72.00 4257 9/19/1966 9/8/1987 1,075.56 2.0000 93.96 5573 10/28/1968 7/27/1988 957.00 1.0000 33.24 6708 9/7/1967 6/9/1986 1,137.77 3.0000 143.64 8740 11/18/1966 9/24/1986 1,250.62 3.0000 126.00 0258 3/31/1964 7/13/1982 1,323.45 7.0000 334.68 0833 12/23/1963 6/27/1985 1,193.67 4.0000 156.60 4673 12/7/1964 9/22/1986 900.86 3.0000 54.00 4902 8/6/1963 8/24/1981 1,460.30 8.0000 407.28 6506 8/19/1962 1/16/1986 1,229.47 4.0000 164.16 7856 8/21/1967 4/11/1988 1,340.43 2.0000 128.16 1042 9/24/1964 5/4/1987 818.00 3.0000 60.48 4458 3/20/1965 9/15/1986 742.31 3.0000 54.00 4789 6/13/1961 10/5/1981 877.01 8.0000 192.12 6744 6/22/1964 6/14/1982 1,195.66 7.0000 264.12 6749 8/6/1965 9/7/1983 1,063.84 6.0000 202.56 8991 7/20/1963 6/17/1982 1,099.31 7.0000 272.76 9740 11/5/1964 11/5/1986 1,231.95 3.0000 153.48 2930 11/12/1967 3/23/1987 1,045.59 3.0000 78.96 8205 10/16/1964 4/28/1986 991.46 4.0000 102.60 8630 7/28/1965 7/15/1985 1,081.09 3.0000 104.28 3450 10/1/2026 9/7/1978 1,366.33 11.0000 1,372.56 7643 4/17/2029 12/10/1973 795.24 8503 1/27/1930 8/13/1985 1,094.81 4.0000 170.40 1293 5/13/1967 6/17/1985 1,247.61 4.0000 165.12 1496 10/3/1967 7/11/1988 1,113.99 1.0000 39.12 2433 4/16/1966 8/24/1987 1,128.50 2.0000 71.64 6699 1/30/1967 6/5/1984 729.39 5.0000 90.00 6712 12/4/1967 9/8/1987 982.50 2.0000 61.08 0203 1/11/1967 10/20/1987 865.99 2.0000 56.40 1903 12/31/1966 4/6/1988 847.67 2.0000 36.00 5370 2/2/1967 7/27/1988 1,646.14 1.0000 39.12 8678 4/2/1965 11/17/1986 1,266.61 3.0000 132.00 9721 1/28/1967 7/15/1986 1,546.88 3.0000 193.44 4210 8/22/1967 10/29/1986 895.50 3.0000 57.48 5489 4/30/1930 1/15/1957 1,072.21 17.2500 882.60 3450 12/4/1936 3/4/1955 2,343.50 35.0000 4,226.64 0061 1/22/1933 9/18/1974 944.29 15.1666 530.16 0290 9/11/1934 7/21/1980 777.43 7.0000 159.36 0860 7/18/1932 10/29/1973 1,328.28 16.0833 1,874.64 1867 7/22/1934 7/21/1982 1,054.91 7.0000 421.32 

B-57 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 2908 6/4/1937 11/28/1973 975.17 16.0000 613.92 7668 2/27/1936 1/7/1980 971.26 10.0000 790.92 7682 10/24/1937 8/17/1988 1,560.47 1.0000 132.48 9196 7/3/1936 9/26/1973 1,074.42 16.1666 1,178.16 9751 10/9/1939 3/22/1972 1,292.15 18.0000 1,255.32 9859 12/2/1937 2/28/1966 1,144.72 24.0000 783.96 9910 9/8/1937 9/13/1962 1,676.77 27.1666 2,412.36 9925 6/23/1940 12/11/1986 1,464.34 3.0000 319.92 2649 8/27/1937 8/12/1987 876.34 2.0000 76.80 2795 9/11/1934 4/16/1984 955.88 19.0000 772.32 2846 8/16/1939 3/25/1980 1,122.05 8.4166 801.24 2928 3/31/1937 7/1/1959 1,326.54 30.4166 1,518.84 4077 5/24/1943 2/27/1981 1,550.28 10.0000 1,117.80 4266 2/22/1940 10/19/1981 920.46 15.3333 601.80 4359 11/23/1939 1/5/1987 1,269.50 3.0000 256.20 4629 6/26/1931 8/23/1982 1,238.52 7.0000 774.24 4871 2/24/1937 5/21/1986 1,315.90 4.0000 361.44 4926 12/13/1940 1/2/1964 2,561.32 26.0000 4,007.76 0271 11/24/1938 7/9/1978 1,437.17 11.0000 1,115.76 0286 7/19/1938 4/2/1979 1,220.66 11.0000 867.48 0322 11/18/1940 5/10/1984 1,400.59 6.0000 474.48 0426 6/23/1938 7/19/1978 1,543.13 11.0000 1,556.04 0516 1/28/1940 7/17/1978 2,271.14 11.0000 2,413.08 0624 9/19/1941 1/1/1979 1,618.25 11.0000 1,541.04 0669 7/30/1940 6/6/1988 1,067.22 1.0000 69.24 0673 7/30/1939 8/20/1984 1,228.31 5.0000 395.88 0680 10/10/1939 4/13/1987 1,255.98 3.0000 270.60 0688 1/27/1939 3/30/1981 1,091.03 9.0000 599.88 0690 2/8/1941 1/31/1983 1,116.50 7.0000 613.32 0762 3/13/1940 3/7/1960 1,324.57 30.0000 1,159.68 0980 3/30/1940 4/13/1983 1,359.37 7.0000 677.04 1057 6/12/1938 7/27/1970 1,071.94 19.3333 954.84 1143 10/4/1937 3/24/1980 954.31 10.0000 472.08 1182 6/3/1938 1/5/1965 1,314.37 8.4166 913.32 1224 4/15/1939 1/27/1986 1,433.78 4.0000 487.44 1273 3/16/1940 5/9/1966 1,899.52 24.0000 2,342.28 1277 9/19/1939 6/24/1973 1,659.14 16.4166 1,816.20 1664 4/13/1938 5/27/1974 753.96 16.0000 520.44 1755 12/2/1938 9/20/1977 1,077.46 12.0000 770.16 1786 8/26/1933 1/13/1976 1,065.26 8.4166 720.60 1970 2/9/1941 9/26/1979 1,174.32 10.0000 717.00 2040 12/3/1941 6/11/1980 1,331.86 9.0000 884.52 2345 8/14/1938 9/15/1986 730.16 3.0000 89.04 2388 6/26/1941 11/20/1972 939.19 17.0000 643.80 9588 3/19/1937 7/9/1985 789.68 4.0000 132.60 9885 8/16/1939 6/16/1976 1,176.76 13.4166 1,005.00 6656 2/10/1941 5/8/1985 5,034.04 5.0000 5,430.00 B-58 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 5117 6/10/1940 5/30/1977 1,053.59 13.0000 656.40 5239 10/19/1940 5/30/1985 1,355.17 5.0000 435.48 5400 8/11/1942 9/19/1990 956.90 3.0000 147.36 5412 2/13/1939 5/1/1978 857.87 12.0000 269.40 5426 5/22/1940 7/8/1980 1,161.39 9.0000 739.68 5453 8/29/1940 12/31/1968 1,360.94 21.0000 1,503.72 5489 1/28/1942 8/30/1983 1,275.53 20.0000 1,112.40 5616 1/30/1942 5/5/1969 1,097.66 21.0000 787.44 5975 5/1/1941 7/21/1988 1,088.24 1.0000 80.16 6304 3/1/1943 4/8/1963 1,932.81 8.4166 1,304.76 6331 4/15/1945 11/16/1982 820.26 7.0000 227.16 6447 3/5/1942 7/23/1979 1,072.05 10.0000 551.16 6501 4/16/1943 5/5/1986 1,227.32 4.0000 293.04 6525 1/23/1941 6/4/1973 1,122.49 8.4166 629.52 7115 5/4/1943 3/29/1982 1,300.27 8.0000 526.92 7180 8/1/1939 8/21/1978 1,729.64 11.0000 1,773.72 7188 10/29/1943 5/21/1981 1,284.63 9.0000 632.28 7192 3/11/1944 11/6/1980 1,401.64 7.0000 730.56 7345 5/26/1941 5/30/1960 1,028.09 30.0000 647.88 8774 10/10/1942 10/16/1985 1,701.33 4.0000 533.16 9273 5/11/1942 5/14/1974 1,170.57 8.4166 716.28 9056 1/23/1943 8/21/1967 1,165.72 22.2500 995.52 1890 11/7/1942 3/6/1974 1,449.60 16.0000 1,213.08 3567 6/14/1943 9/10/1987 1,082.75 2.0000 115.68 3734 9/25/1943 12/29/1986 1,157.19 3.0000 218.64 3738 7/21/1945 5/12/1986 1,129.36 4.0000 247.32 4871 10/1/1945 7/7/1981 1,046.60 8.0000 414.72 8654 11/14/1947 5/31/1981 1,427.46 9.0000 582.72 3051 11/15/1948 7/24/1978 1,843.61 11.0000 1,191.12 7963 2/3/1947 4/22/1987 1,244.20 3.0000 223.56 8330 4/26/1947 9/13/1978 1,241.43 13.5000 1,051.20 8493 5/8/1956 8/17/1987 1,024.37 2.0000 67.44 9168 7/17/1946 11/12/1973 976.64 16.0000 540.00 9212 1/12/1947 11/7/1982 1,320.69 7.0000 448.08 0321 10/14/1947 12/1/1976 1,458.55 13.0000 1,253.16 3491 9/7/1947 6/23/1986 1,044.58 3.0000 150.72 5682 10/28/1945 7/25/1972 1,971.63 8.4166 1,262.64 5838 10/11/1947 5/29/1986 1,310.83 4.0000 308.40 6988 10/13/1946 11/12/1986 1,044.02 3.0000 180.60 7058 12/12/1945 10/1/1985 965.51 3.0000 122.64 0116 8/15/1951 10/24/1982 2,190.14 7.0000 1,015.56 5427 4/10/1948 10/1/1976 1,452.47 13.1666 1,023.60 6028 9/14/1947 3/9/1987 929.49 3.0000 102.36 6810 6/20/1949 11/1/1982 1,470.24 7.0000 588.24 6830 12/19/1948 5/23/1977 886.63 13.0000 303.96 6831 9/8/1949 11/2/1982 1,255.45 7.0000 480.00 6850 5/27/1947 7/11/1988 1,533.53 1.0000 148.08 

B-59 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 5913 10/17/1945 10/17/1988 6,639.16 1.0000 1,086.96 6475 7/21/1966 6/1/1987 1,044.62 3.0000 74.16 7667 9/17/1953 6/23/1982 1,138.91 7.0000 354.72 7768 1/5/1949 8/25/1986 1,515.09 3.0000 278.16 7769 9/10/1951 11/10/1986 1,003.67 3.0000 158.28 7793 8/28/1948 8/15/1978 1,963.57 11.0000 1,313.40 7916 7/11/1951 2/18/1980 1,728.60 10.0000 861.60 7988 2/13/1950 8/16/1983 1,305.40 6.0000 109.20 8329 1/15/1952 9/19/1982 1,513.30 7.0000 560.04 8389 8/10/2028 8/19/1985 1,024.86 4.0000 179.88 8482 5/8/1948 9/7/1978 1,546.46 16.3333 1,238.88 8530 10/3/1949 10/31/1966 1,814.72 23.0833 2,271.60 8559 7/10/1950 3/20/1978 1,675.96 12.0000 968.28 8648 4/17/1952 10/6/1986 1,014.66 3.0000 147.24 8686 1/11/1950 4/16/1987 1,003.57 3.0000 166.68 8823 2/28/1950 11/29/1976 1,738.93 13.0000 1,111.80 8941 5/15/1949 7/11/1968 2,090.93 21.3333 2,162.88 9044 10/1/1945 10/23/1978 1,394.68 13.2500 1,012.80 9175 2/2/1948 11/12/1986 1,338.17 3.0000 269.64 9416 9/5/1949 7/12/1971 1,597.18 17.3333 1,672.32 9465 6/17/1951 9/29/1986 2,448.45 3.0000 604.80 0708 5/15/1952 2/1/1971 904.36 19.0000 540.00 2987 2/21/1949 10/31/1983 1,158.00 15.0000 728.28 3107 3/13/1949 1/2/1973 916.25 17.0000 540.00 3177 1/10/1949 6/16/1986 828.25 3.0000 54.00 3191 2/8/1951 4/26/1983 2,033.73 7.0000 980.76 3209 1/20/1948 10/28/1981 1,136.37 8.0000 488.88 3232 2/16/1950 5/9/1988 1,435.37 2.0000 173.40 7195 5/30/1950 11/19/1986 1,005.16 3.0000 150.48 7490 2/8/1949 11/13/1986 1,348.87 3.0000 255.84 7562 11/10/1946 3/2/1987 801.21 3.0000 76.68 8031 7/8/1951 5/30/1986 1,724.26 4.0000 440.64 8090 10/21/1949 8/5/1975 1,413.77 14.2500 1,107.36 8149 3/25/1947 1/14/1987 917.41 3.0000 133.80 8655 6/28/1949 4/2/1984 847.38 6.0000 162.48 8931 2/8/1951 7/25/1977 1,097.72 12.0000 548.28 9803 1/11/1963 4/9/1984 1,542.56 6.0000 382.20 3024 10/12/1950 10/1/1986 2,478.94 3.0000 649.44 7611 6/24/1950 8/13/1985 1,047.88 4.0000 184.92 7616 4/22/1952 4/28/1981 1,860.53 9.0000 930.36 7755 11/29/1950 12/29/1980 1,075.01 9.0000 378.12 7923 12/5/1951 1/21/1981 1,293.89 9.0000 501.48 8457 12/24/1952 11/9/1981 2,054.57 8.0000 938.52 8600 6/11/1951 4/11/1988 1,163.98 2.0000 127.32 8727 2/19/1949 8/27/1980 1,391.15 9.0000 653.64 8968 8/30/1949 12/1/1982 1,041.11 7.0000 326.76 9116 8/29/1949 2/29/1968 1,454.23 22.0000 1,220.76 B-60 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 9220 8/14/1949 6/19/1988 1,550.15 10.0000 782.04 9254 11/30/1952 5/11/1987 720.51 3.0000 75.72 9266 8/11/1953 1/29/1976 1,679.68 8.4166 700.44 9344 6/21/1952 10/25/1982 1,787.20 7.0000 651.84 9379 9/22/1949 5/18/1987 2,572.92 3.0000 730.80 9511 6/2/1950 2/22/1973 1,582.96 8.4166 771.48 9522 5/25/1952 5/2/1978 954.87 12.0000 405.36 9594 11/24/1948 3/23/1981 1,073.10 9.0000 361.68 9825 8/10/1950 1/21/1981 1,490.24 9.0000 722.64 9965 9/7/1950 5/14/1987 1,178.07 3.0000 210.00 5524 11/13/1966 9/28/1988 797.96 1.0000 18.00 5925 7/1/1946 8/4/1986 958.23 3.0000 128.04 6267 9/27/1950 9/1/1982 1,109.63 7.0000 360.72 6538 7/31/1952 9/2/1980 977.88 15.5833 392.40 6659 9/17/1951 3/30/1981 1,238.01 9.0000 516.00 6887 11/20/1952 8/20/1980 1,021.05 9.0000 264.36 6992 12/22/1952 12/12/1983 1,200.27 6.0000 298.80 7018 5/4/1964 1/25/1982 1,763.83 8.0000 613.20 7058 5/29/1965 9/6/1983 987.82 6.0000 169.80 5479 1/3/1951 8/1/1988 1,034.96 1.0000 110.28 6802 8/2/1946 7/13/1988 1,071.24 1.0000 70.08 7894 4/22/1953 5/12/1983 1,410.77 7.0000 539.16 0832 7/1/1954 6/12/1988 1,386.26 1.0000 80.16 7575 1/26/1954 3/10/1987 1,151.65 3.0000 142.08 7830 1/3/1953 9/27/1982 998.60 7.0000 332.52 8966 8/15/1955 2/7/1977 1,087.63 13.0000 576.96 6822 5/2/1955 7/31/1978 1,148.09 11.0000 498.24 5048 2/13/1957 5/5/1980 1,013.17 10.0000 248.64 5055 12/20/1954 8/12/1986 1,073.90 3.0000 196.56 5071 11/11/1956 5/7/1987 1,229.57 3.0000 162.36 5165 11/30/1955 11/17/1986 1,195.50 6.0000 290.88 5209 7/17/1956 3/3/1987 941.78 4.0000 110.76 5217 5/3/1956 5/12/1988 948.49 2.0000 83.40 5323 7/24/1956 9/2/1987 1,312.26 2.0000 141.84 5325 12/15/1954 11/19/1980 1,336.57 9.0000 508.32 5359 8/19/1956 5/26/1987 1,077.98 3.0000 140.76 5411 8/18/1956 1/28/1982 1,434.77 8.0000 448.56 5421 6/14/1955 6/6/1988 832.00 1.0000 31.68 5569 6/15/1957 8/25/1986 1,044.69 3.0000 97.68 5642 3/24/1954 10/2/1985 741.92 4.0000 86.52 5652 8/7/1955 8/21/1973 1,237.72 16.2500 905.16 5743 7/13/1954 7/11/1984 943.15 8.0000 292.92 5836 7/17/1955 2/16/1981 1,511.78 9.0000 554.16 5910 8/1/1957 10/22/1986 1,093.38 3.0000 128.76 5925 1/11/1954 8/2/1988 1,103.13 1.0000 23.28 6052 8/25/1955 8/19/1974 1,993.76 15.2500 1,349.52 6067 5/3/1957 2/9/1986 1,368.36 4.0000 239.52 

B-61 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 6096 1/18/1958 8/22/1988 1,092.17 1.0000 56.40 6099 2/12/1956 9/29/1975 1,616.78 14.1666 899.40 6117 1/6/1957 6/4/1980 1,178.30 9.0000 349.44 6171 10/9/1962 9/12/1988 1,066.92 1.0000 43.56 7407 5/29/1957 7/31/1978 1,254.82 11.0000 570.84 7478 8/6/1940 4/21/1986 1,114.95 3.0000 242.64 0040 4/23/1957 10/25/1982 1,063.64 7.0000 258.96 0041 3/22/1957 1/7/1977 1,703.16 13.0000 1,145.16 0052 8/30/1958 5/15/1980 1,732.75 13.2500 969.60 0056 10/3/1965 6/14/1984 1,201.12 5.0000 231.60 0069 9/20/1954 2/5/1973 1,085.37 8.4166 279.12 0102 6/10/1962 6/17/1982 1,034.77 7.0000 192.72 0132 4/9/1959 6/3/1986 1,254.28 3.0000 121.44 0156 7/30/1957 2/6/1980 1,961.76 10.0000 900.24 0269 2/26/1963 6/6/1980 1,618.26 9.0000 573.12 0351 3/29/1957 8/26/1985 1,049.28 4.0000 154.56 0365 6/21/1958 9/14/1987 1,231.88 2.0000 128.16 0404 12/25/1958 12/31/1981 1,384.05 8.0000 446.04 0429 3/16/1962 3/4/1980 1,329.74 10.0000 421.44 0436 11/26/1961 9/28/1983 1,381.64 6.0000 180.72 0469 3/27/1960 6/19/1978 1,307.47 11.0000 577.56 0503 12/29/1956 1/19/1981 1,400.62 9.0000 308.64 0510 5/12/1957 6/4/1979 1,167.75 10.0000 387.36 0521 1/2/1957 8/24/1987 1,132.37 2.0000 87.48 0566 8/20/1968 10/11/1988 636.26 1.0000 18.00 0599 11/8/1958 1/5/1981 1,255.00 9.0000 361.80 0616 6/2/1964 8/22/1983 1,270.51 6.0000 227.04 0772 8/18/1957 8/28/1985 1,286.42 4.0000 225.84 0777 5/28/1959 8/16/1981 1,334.84 8.0000 384.12 2306 11/20/1958 11/3/1981 1,016.46 8.0000 290.28 2307 9/16/1963 5/28/1985 1,518.54 5.0000 334.20 2328 1/25/1957 9/26/1983 834.32 6.0000 108.00 2340 1/26/1956 8/6/1985 1,125.14 4.0000 194.16 2370 11/9/1958 5/26/1980 1,168.53 10.0000 437.52 2384 11/17/1957 9/22/1986 1,217.55 3.0000 162.24 2410 8/21/1958 10/27/1986 1,056.85 3.0000 115.08 2411 6/26/1962 6/9/1986 1,052.36 3.0000 96.72 2423 10/31/1960 8/5/1987 830.93 2.0000 49.56 2441 1/20/1960 7/29/1985 1,161.89 3.0000 201.60 8307 5/15/1964 6/12/1985 1,726.09 4.0000 308.40 2137 4/5/1958 6/1/1987 922.87 3.0000 91.92 3662 4/26/1958 3/2/1987 1,207.88 3.0000 171.12 3945 1/6/1957 10/10/1977 974.47 12.0000 291.96 4017 6/6/1967 8/19/1985 793.08 4.0000 77.28 5180 10/30/1956 2/9/1981 1,807.37 9.0000 697.20 5197 3/26/1958 8/11/1987 1,400.24 2.0000 138.84 5699 5/6/1968 8/24/1987 1,021.13 2.0000 48.72 B-62 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 7004 2/11/1957 8/23/1978 1,769.37 11.0000 851.88 0790 6/19/1956 10/6/1980 1,529.16 9.0000 712.56 2587 11/24/1958 7/18/1979 1,241.91 10.0000 414.96 3332 6/4/1958 1/2/1981 1,422.35 9.0000 472.32 4051 2/25/1958 5/3/1984 1,774.93 6.0000 465.24 4460 8/11/1958 8/26/1977 1,634.96 12.0000 831.12 5915 4/15/1957 7/29/1985 1,054.11 4.0000 163.92 6604 8/12/1957 7/21/1981 1,792.27 8.0000 907.44 9204 1/10/1963 8/24/1981 1,582.01 8.0000 315.60 1415 11/13/1960 5/6/1987 1,225.88 3.0000 173.88 3845 1/30/1959 10/6/1981 1,284.06 8.0000 245.52 4799 4/15/1959 11/7/1978 1,640.93 11.0000 757.44 6850 7/18/1965 5/7/1984 1,082.42 6.0000 250.68 7946 1/17/1960 2/9/1983 1,222.97 7.0000 232.68 9275 5/8/1960 6/20/1978 1,591.73 11.0000 699.48 9785 9/3/1959 5/9/1983 1,191.85 7.0000 258.36 0017 9/6/1961 2/5/1986 857.20 4.0000 113.40 0348 9/21/1959 7/29/1981 1,188.85 8.0000 230.76 0470 12/19/1960 8/27/1979 1,632.80 10.0000 698.76 1977 8/28/1959 8/31/1977 911.71 11.0000 351.36 3808 1/23/1958 2/27/1980 1,704.72 10.0000 806.52 4771 5/18/1959 9/27/1988 1,052.22 1.0000 51.96 4811 5/27/1959 8/27/1987 933.63 2.0000 50.04 5850 7/18/1960 6/10/1980 1,110.27 9.0000 382.68 6110 7/18/1960 6/23/1978 1,733.74 11.0000 698.16 6337 10/4/1958 9/28/1978 1,899.69 11.0000 983.28 7175 11/12/1964 8/3/1987 1,265.75 4.0000 107.40 8033 8/7/1959 3/12/1986 1,381.99 4.0000 229.44 8289 9/14/1961 7/18/1979 1,427.43 10.0000 521.64 8549 7/30/1956 6/15/1987 1,159.23 2.0000 91.80 8794 5/10/1958 6/16/1977 1,177.68 12.0000 504.12 8914 3/2/1965 5/1/1984 1,292.72 7.0000 330.36 9147 9/8/1961 10/6/1986 1,380.88 3.0000 201.36 1916 3/3/1959 4/29/1987 809.39 3.0000 60.84 2792 7/14/1958 2/6/1986 830.69 4.0000 72.00 2884 11/28/1958 10/3/1979 1,902.12 10.0000 906.48 3902 4/25/1968 6/24/1986 1,812.63 3.0000 189.12 4680 4/7/1967 7/27/1987 1,076.48 2.0000 75.96 5433 4/13/1958 11/12/1986 1,100.44 3.0000 131.16 6754 1/4/1960 4/28/1986 616.38 4.0000 72.00 7217 3/2/1955 8/11/1980 1,474.13 9.0000 608.04 0181 11/14/1959 8/11/1986 1,142.02 3.0000 127.44 0444 3/20/1961 12/30/1985 1,342.86 4.0000 188.40 0814 3/8/1967 1/29/1986 807.49 4.0000 72.00 3488 5/9/1961 1/7/1981 1,048.56 9.0000 237.00 3955 12/26/1958 11/14/1988 1,239.48 1.0000 18.00 4691 8/16/1965 5/14/1984 1,388.70 6.0000 283.44 

B-63 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 6298 12/8/1962 9/26/1988 919.53 1.0000 44.64 6416 12/21/1958 7/28/1992 834.29 2.0000 36.00 7807 2/1/1961 9/12/1983 1,138.27 6.0000 227.64 9118 5/17/1960 12/5/1985 1,308.00 4.0000 192.84 0352 7/20/1962 7/11/1988 1,000.67 1.0000 28.32 1191 9/2/1963 11/18/1982 1,537.04 7.0000 436.56 2662 11/30/1959 8/28/1979 1,433.30 9.0000 462.84 2663 10/25/1963 9/7/1983 1,022.63 6.0000 170.04 3247 12/1/1961 3/3/1986 1,001.76 4.0000 122.04 5731 10/16/1963 10/8/1985 907.61 3.0000 54.00 7099 1/7/1963 3/11/1987 1,551.38 3.0000 203.64 9716 3/29/1967 6/16/1986 1,369.43 3.0000 172.08 9838 2/23/1961 9/17/1980 1,812.60 9.0000 711.00 9968 8/5/1962 6/1/1987 798.16 3.0000 54.00 9970 11/10/1964 9/6/1983 1,223.84 6.0000 177.24 0423 5/24/1961 7/25/1980 1,019.88 9.0000 311.88 1392 8/11/1961 10/13/1980 1,248.60 9.0000 471.48 1540 1/30/1963 12/14/1984 718.95 3.0000 54.00 1622 7/31/1968 3/12/1987 906.87 3.0000 54.00 1630 11/17/1963 4/30/1984 1,147.35 6.0000 184.32 2443 7/8/1968 12/1/1986 467.47 3.0000 130.68 3254 9/15/1964 5/7/1986 1,006.31 4.0000 126.48 8829 2/3/1966 7/15/1985 1,221.56 4.0000 161.52 9256 2/13/1964 7/30/1987 1,100.21 2.0000 63.60 9387 7/23/1962 3/26/1987 1,045.64 3.0000 109.80 9479 4/23/1964 8/26/1987 993.95 2.0000 53.28 9804 1/10/1962 6/11/1980 1,247.34 9.0000 313.68 9993 9/22/1967 8/11/1987 781.18 1.0000 21.12 1676 10/10/1968 4/30/1987 957.82 3.0000 68.88 1861 1/10/1960 4/27/1981 1,668.29 9.0000 648.60 2183 2/17/1968 1/28/1987 1,156.72 3.0000 119.04 3652 3/30/1965 9/7/1983 1,700.94 6.0000 367.56 5322 7/28/1964 9/14/1987 1,029.51 2.0000 64.68 5554 1/9/1962 6/16/1986 838.74 3.0000 58.08 2288 6/24/1964 5/9/1988 952.17 2.0000 43.08 3318 3/17/1962 7/7/1980 1,250.49 9.0000 443.52 3866 11/9/1961 9/15/1986 1,430.66 3.0000 178.08 5091 8/24/1963 9/23/1987 1,011.70 2.0000 56.88 5858 7/6/1966 7/15/1985 967.38 4.0000 81.36 6165 4/5/1962 5/2/1988 1,066.41 2.0000 76.08 7199 4/23/1962 4/5/1988 1,124.83 2.0000 83.64 7404 10/29/1966 10/21/1986 1,299.20 3.0000 155.28 8005 8/30/1963 8/3/1982 1,487.71 7.0000 405.60 8758 6/25/1966 6/6/1985 1,231.31 4.0000 179.64 8864 4/18/1961 11/3/1987 1,407.48 2.0000 147.60 0545 11/18/1963 5/7/1984 1,919.19 6.0000 452.16 0806 7/1/1960 9/8/1986 123.96 B-64 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 0809 10/12/1962 12/27/1986 1,018.24 2.0000 86.88 1541 7/2/1961 8/22/1988 929.64 1.0000 34.92 2524 8/20/1963 7/30/1984 1,312.83 5.0000 143.52 3327 8/7/1964 9/17/1987 1,229.42 2.0000 107.52 3503 8/17/1967 9/30/1987 879.06 2.0000 42.48 3951 2/23/1966 7/18/1988 891.57 1.0000 28.68 4822 1/5/1964 8/10/1987 988.83 2.0000 104.40 5687 5/24/1960 10/21/1981 915.05 8.0000 206.64 8034 6/16/1967 2/5/1986 1,209.28 4.0000 172.68 8891 1/18/1967 7/31/1985 973.66 4.0000 79.56 0897 2/18/1966 8/7/1984 3,074.45 5.0000 1,298.76 1361 6/19/1962 6/15/1981 991.52 8.0000 144.00 1584 8/26/1965 8/8/1988 1,511.45 1.0000 55.68 2232 5/26/1964 5/27/1986 1,349.37 4.0000 193.32 2341 5/4/1963 2/11/1986 1,308.46 4.0000 158.52 2876 7/31/1963 8/5/1985 2,066.92 4.0000 575.76 3077 1/9/1962 10/6/1987 965.30 2.0000 65.28 3431 6/3/1963 10/5/1987 1,311.07 2.0000 106.56 3772 12/14/1964 5/7/1986 1,120.81 4.0000 137.88 5770 9/15/1962 9/25/1986 1,243.64 3.0000 130.08 7298 6/29/1964 6/22/1982 858.55 7.0000 160.92 8152 12/27/1962 6/20/1988 1,254.80 1.0000 66.72 0353 3/22/1964 7/14/1982 918.67 7.0000 210.36 1526 3/6/1968 8/29/1988 1,114.75 1.0000 18.00 1903 10/3/1964 6/18/1986 842.65 3.0000 55.68 2361 5/10/1965 6/18/1982 1,285.84 6.0000 265.80 2456 8/28/1966 6/24/1985 977.34 4.0000 87.60 2489 8/2/1965 9/29/1986 1,213.63 3.0000 143.64 2632 5/16/1962 8/17/1988 922.31 1.0000 39.12 4030 3/25/1965 6/12/1986 1,113.59 3.0000 121.80 6199 5/3/1964 8/31/1981 1,185.26 8.0000 261.60 9878 9/8/1963 6/14/1984 1,300.32 5.0000 231.36 9910 9/29/1966 6/17/1985 1,208.71 4.0000 124.68 4906 5/1/2026 11/18/1960 1,328.55 8.4166 1,193.64 7014 6/17/2027 5/20/1965 1,372.03 25.0000 2,489.04 1091 9/16/1964 5/17/1984 943.32 6.0000 108.00 1849 8/26/1966 7/18/1984 988.48 5.0000 138.24 2714 2/6/1964 10/1/1986 951.69 3.0000 76.08 2906 11/24/1963 1/28/1987 976.40 3.0000 102.36 4880 2/23/1965 4/26/1982 1,477.05 8.0000 311.52 5524 12/2/1964 11/1/1983 846.56 6.0000 108.00 7128 5/6/1965 6/22/1988 1,485.48 4.0000 227.52 9338 11/15/1965 6/11/1984 1,039.69 5.0000 120.00 5386 6/6/1968 6/9/1986 1,238.54 3.0000 83.88 5688 11/30/1965 7/19/1988 1,015.09 1.0000 38.52 5939 9/18/1966 7/20/1988 1,157.03 1.0000 82.56 8105 8/28/1967 6/9/1986 1,306.57 3.0000 101.28 

B-65 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 1866 6/13/1966 3/3/1987 1,722.33 3.0000 253.80 2387 7/1/1965 7/27/1987 1,065.39 2.0000 81.60 2578 3/14/1968 8/15/1988 896.10 1.0000 25.92 5808 10/11/1965 8/22/1988 1,786.00 1.0000 105.60 7106 11/30/1967 3/23/1987 1,039.73 3.0000 89.52 7280 6/29/1967 8/25/1986 1,144.35 3.0000 125.28 1804 1/5/1968 8/4/1986 1,138.61 3.0000 126.00 2541 8/23/1966 7/29/1985 765.12 4.0000 72.00 3853 6/25/1967 1/31/1984 1,231.12 2.0000 112.08 4446 7/16/1968 8/17/1987 788.74 2.0000 36.00 8667 7/5/1967 10/16/1985 901.70 3.0000 60.24 9700 2/24/1966 8/1/1984 979.15 5.0000 90.00 2452 12/26/1967 6/9/1986 1,351.48 3.0000 147.84 6156 1/12/1968 6/17/1986 1,564.62 3.0000 208.08 9388 9/30/1967 8/20/1985 1,068.56 4.0000 123.36 9408 10/8/1966 5/25/1988 838.01 2.0000 36.00 5240 6/28/2029 3/14/1977 996.43 12.0000 611.04 5811 10/28/2028 5/31/1966 1,594.83 24.0000 3,040.80 6067 8/2/2028 9/1/1944 1,708.73 45.2500 2,117.28 0051 8/31/1967 4/21/1986 929.51 4.0000 168.36 5048 8/20/2026 8/11/1982 1,254.66 7.0000 979.80 5856 4/26/1930 1/9/1963 913.15 27.0000 551.40 2349 7/4/2029 7/16/1985 810.54 4.0000 72.00 5051 4/18/1932 4/14/1965 1,074.33 8.4166 411.84 5068 2/23/1930 8/12/1980 1,011.22 9.0000 523.32 5093 1/30/2029 12/28/1976 1,221.56 13.0000 1,036.44 6130 8/14/1932 8/9/1965 1,239.39 24.2500 1,758.36 6181 6/5/1931 7/20/1987 1,062.34 2.0000 131.04 2757 8/17/1933 7/8/1981 1,064.09 8.0000 395.28 0004 2/9/1934 5/26/1987 1,093.67 3.0000 180.48 0121 5/27/1933 6/4/1986 1,248.77 3.0000 243.72 0469 6/22/1934 9/8/1952 1,794.17 37.1666 2,166.96 0618 10/8/1933 2/26/1962 2,214.89 28.0000 3,627.48 0671 2/22/1933 2/20/1978 1,059.67 12.0000 730.68 1349 7/11/1933 5/21/1979 1,276.07 12.0000 896.40 1534 4/15/1936 4/21/1986 1,076.25 4.0000 236.40 1541 9/6/1937 10/15/1957 3,673.15 32.0833 6,689.76 1677 10/4/1935 6/12/1975 770.34 13.2500 268.08 1708 4/8/1935 7/10/1978 1,766.65 11.0000 1,784.04 1927 4/29/1934 9/7/1966 1,155.86 23.1666 1,567.20 2217 11/21/1936 9/11/1978 1,254.03 11.0000 1,079.88 5996 1/27/1933 1/5/1977 1,080.41 13.0000 941.52 6243 1/27/1935 6/5/1986 904.80 3.0000 148.80 7814 2/21/1934 10/12/1987 1,125.09 2.0000 158.16 8702 6/17/1932 5/19/1980 1,159.64 10.0000 626.64 0342 4/29/1931 11/26/1973 1,078.47 16.0000 1,152.12 7016 10/2/1935 5/1/1978 3,683.06 12.0000 5,720.16 B-66 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 0702 4/5/1936 3/10/1981 1,077.53 9.0000 628.08 4893 9/29/1937 6/2/1986 964.06 3.0000 135.84 5140 9/23/1935 10/31/1973 1,004.59 16.0833 874.32 6548 9/1/1938 6/1/1987 1,138.40 3.0000 221.64 1104 10/5/1939 11/1/1966 8,116.37 23.0833 22,121.16 5448 8/28/1944 2/27/1965 1,616.45 8.4166 918.36 5569 4/27/1942 5/18/1972 1,357.59 18.0000 1,329.48 5961 12/6/1942 5/21/1984 1,080.94 6.0000 396.96 5993 9/17/1943 8/17/1988 1,878.69 1.0000 112.44 6008 9/2/1941 1/6/1969 1,949.30 21.0000 2,484.48 6295 9/9/1943 9/8/1986 1,510.36 3.0000 328.56 6299 4/9/1942 4/13/1981 1,713.80 9.0000 1,278.60 6312 10/23/1940 3/7/1966 946.45 24.0000 705.24 6396 5/25/1942 11/15/1982 988.59 7.0000 379.92 7166 6/15/1943 8/24/1981 1,043.00 28.3333 786.36 7232 8/18/1942 7/15/1986 1,066.62 3.0000 168.00 9987 7/4/1942 9/20/1977 1,340.15 12.0000 1,114.08 5143 2/22/1943 8/19/1985 1,147.98 4.0000 192.12 5181 7/12/1945 7/23/1985 1,116.36 4.0000 236.04 5205 3/3/1946 7/12/1982 1,377.45 7.0000 593.28 5350 3/7/1942 7/11/1960 849.56 21.3333 426.12 5367 3/27/1944 4/21/1986 1,013.10 4.0000 191.28 5423 8/15/1944 10/1/1963 2,092.64 26.1666 2,521.20 5588 5/28/1942 7/11/1978 1,420.50 11.0000 1,096.20 5717 1/26/1941 7/26/1965 1,526.58 24.3333 1,856.64 6044 12/27/1942 9/12/1977 1,286.37 12.0000 954.12 6141 3/24/1944 2/23/1981 1,311.45 16.0000 1,140.72 7352 1/26/1944 7/22/1991 1,382.82 1.0000 54.72 7393 9/17/1944 5/6/1981 1,577.29 9.0000 861.24 8458 7/25/1938 10/8/1980 1,894.39 9.0000 1,532.64 7802 4/9/1943 4/21/1986 904.16 4.0000 145.44 7931 6/20/1944 10/15/1979 1,960.03 27.2500 2,184.12 8087 1/5/1943 5/30/1986 1,303.28 4.0000 388.20 8147 8/15/1944 12/1/1983 1,644.21 6.0000 842.64 8272 6/4/1946 7/10/1972 1,921.91 17.3333 1,893.48 8371 5/13/1946 7/12/1976 1,161.23 8.4166 573.24 8468 4/16/1946 6/17/1974 1,088.17 15.4166 702.48 8526 11/14/1944 3/15/1976 1,575.52 14.0000 1,241.16 8539 9/22/1940 7/29/1963 1,083.55 26.3333 912.36 8551 8/21/1946 11/18/1975 1,953.78 8.4166 1,189.68 8635 11/14/1946 10/24/1967 1,135.68 8.4166 455.76 8722 2/27/1944 4/7/1986 804.01 4.0000 102.00 8831 2/3/1945 3/28/1973 1,694.98 17.0000 1,557.84 9029 9/22/1946 10/2/1979 929.22 12.0000 361.56 9036 12/28/1945 5/14/1986 1,085.67 4.0000 221.64 9039 3/8/1942 8/12/1985 950.62 4.0000 126.48 9153 12/31/1944 5/22/1980 1,500.55 10.0000 931.44 

B-67 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 9196 9/16/1946 2/19/1978 1,157.81 15.0000 788.52 2842 12/4/1943 7/18/1988 1,013.93 1.0000 65.76 3764 4/27/1944 5/24/1976 1,076.11 14.0000 694.20 3854 8/25/1945 9/25/1978 1,065.89 11.0000 632.52 0192 12/25/1939 10/28/1986 897.03 3.0000 71.28 2874 4/22/1947 3/12/1987 1,228.76 3.0000 243.84 3214 7/15/1951 7/11/1982 2,229.32 7.0000 1,064.04 3223 8/13/1947 8/12/1977 994.22 11.0000 420.36 3323 9/12/1945 7/23/1968 1,326.92 21.3333 1,175.04 3397 2/24/1947 7/19/1979 1,601.60 10.0000 951.84 3439 7/12/1947 5/24/1977 1,248.96 13.0000 817.08 3503 12/5/1945 8/4/1965 1,120.77 24.2500 875.52 4220 2/21/1947 8/6/1986 756.47 3.0000 96.12 5581 5/4/1948 5/12/1986 1,182.59 4.0000 235.44 5745 6/16/1947 8/27/1980 1,229.10 9.0000 553.92 5791 2/8/1940 5/20/1986 830.55 4.0000 138.36 6408 7/28/1953 6/10/1985 984.33 4.0000 146.76 6638 2/13/1947 4/27/1987 1,149.34 3.0000 218.64 6853 4/14/1946 9/8/1986 1,142.04 3.0000 203.76 0010 3/3/1948 4/10/1978 1,784.50 12.0000 1,133.76 0426 8/30/1947 4/14/1987 1,039.85 3.0000 186.00 1266 9/6/1942 5/3/1988 1,198.93 2.0000 186.00 1823 7/14/1964 8/10/1987 1,026.73 2.0000 77.88 1957 10/15/1946 7/16/1986 1,353.13 3.0000 247.80 5074 8/17/1947 9/6/1977 1,049.81 12.0000 399.84 0179 9/25/1950 10/3/1983 1,613.87 6.0000 529.20 0278 6/7/1950 7/10/1978 1,923.02 8.4166 942.00 0320 7/7/1950 7/14/1985 915.36 3.0000 151.56 0364 1/27/1950 7/17/1980 1,552.86 9.0000 758.76 0375 4/25/1950 9/8/1986 1,379.58 3.0000 256.44 0388 6/4/1951 9/21/1978 1,612.20 11.0000 855.12 0397 10/20/1950 1/29/1969 1,433.02 8.4166 721.92 0462 11/14/1948 8/25/1986 966.63 5.0000 187.44 0582 2/15/1949 1/22/1979 1,185.10 8.4166 597.24 0654 12/18/1949 7/10/1986 972.09 3.0000 100.68 0658 4/28/1951 11/26/1986 1,397.54 3.0000 275.88 0968 8/28/1950 2/18/1987 1,151.30 11.0000 482.88 0999 2/2/1952 11/20/1978 2,114.55 11.0000 1,279.92 1131 12/29/1949 1/24/1983 1,658.02 7.0000 668.64 1363 5/1/1950 7/16/1986 1,441.36 3.0000 239.04 1412 1/28/1952 7/27/1987 1,589.77 2.0000 223.08 1531 10/27/1948 8/28/1980 1,130.98 9.0000 451.32 1676 8/7/1951 7/9/1969 2,342.61 20.3333 2,373.84 1777 2/3/1950 9/18/1986 1,230.98 3.0000 164.16 1909 12/29/1951 5/12/1982 1,775.42 8.0000 760.92 1911 12/12/1950 3/5/1981 1,617.48 9.0000 943.56 1947 12/27/1949 4/30/1981 1,690.46 9.0000 848.76 B-68 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 1982 12/13/1949 9/2/1987 907.44 2.0000 76.08 2038 2/21/1949 3/1/1987 1,032.68 2.0000 136.92 2203 11/20/1950 6/15/1970 1,230.70 19.4166 715.20 2233 3/2/1948 8/22/1988 995.48 1.0000 71.88 2263 8/20/1950 9/15/1966 1,494.36 23.1666 1,388.40 2304 2/11/1950 9/30/1985 797.85 13.0000 234.00 2324 4/19/1947 1/13/1981 933.11 9.0000 309.36 2357 7/14/1949 10/10/1988 723.47 1.0000 18.00 2366 9/17/1949 3/25/1980 1,664.89 10.0000 966.72 2494 9/15/1950 11/11/1981 1,118.38 8.0000 405.12 5056 3/27/1951 6/4/1986 1,279.54 3.0000 195.96 7426 11/18/1950 11/21/1982 1,669.04 7.0000 637.80 2796 6/18/1952 8/14/1985 1,248.36 4.0000 229.20 0001 6/21/1954 1/17/1978 2,205.01 12.0000 1,392.72 0005 12/25/1955 7/20/1982 1,013.00 7.0000 240.12 0009 7/14/1957 12/15/1986 1,504.97 3.0000 229.32 0049 3/17/1955 9/16/1982 1,047.30 7.0000 269.04 0071 2/17/1941 4/8/1980 1,029.19 10.0000 590.04 0124 12/1/1954 4/15/1981 1,713.77 15.4166 1,222.44 0150 9/5/1953 10/26/1983 957.53 5.0000 297.24 0254 12/20/1953 5/24/1984 1,377.34 6.0000 373.56 0374 11/1/1955 9/2/1975 1,117.73 14.2500 355.80 0406 2/2/2029 6/25/1986 1,074.32 3.0000 157.92 0435 11/25/1955 8/17/1987 1,096.77 2.0000 102.84 0511 3/18/1954 8/5/1982 996.71 6.0000 158.04 0598 10/29/1954 4/1/1976 1,394.64 14.0000 529.32 0618 12/21/1954 9/30/1986 885.86 3.0000 54.00 0659 4/17/1955 1/7/1987 1,269.59 3.0000 127.68 0739 2/19/1958 7/26/1976 1,209.36 13.3333 593.28 0840 12/2/1954 11/16/1978 1,853.28 11.0000 909.12 0855 1/13/1957 2/20/1986 1,545.45 4.0000 338.28 0858 8/11/1955 7/16/1975 1,234.23 14.3333 617.64 0992 1/25/1954 6/13/1977 831.97 10.0000 180.00 1020 12/19/1954 11/20/1986 967.27 2.0000 36.00 1030 8/3/1955 6/15/1981 1,618.20 8.0000 674.28 1069 2/12/1960 9/4/1986 1,386.96 3.0000 213.96 1110 4/22/1954 7/19/1984 1,846.06 5.0000 498.72 1161 3/17/1955 4/28/1980 2,024.45 10.0000 1,011.00 1227 1/13/1954 1/15/1975 1,584.60 15.0000 1,035.72 1241 10/15/1952 10/21/1982 1,178.30 11.0000 484.44 1245 5/21/1953 8/17/1980 1,718.69 9.0000 880.32 1296 2/16/1953 10/1/1974 1,221.30 15.1666 688.08 1407 1/29/1955 1/19/1981 1,225.17 9.0000 357.84 1458 4/6/1956 2/1/1983 2,774.00 7.0000 1,314.12 1468 2/7/1967 11/10/1986 775.63 3.0000 70.92 1657 1/23/1955 6/5/1973 1,181.78 17.0000 570.36 1931 7/24/1955 12/3/1979 1,031.21 10.0000 302.28 

B-69 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 2036 9/28/1955 9/23/1985 878.06 4.0000 123.00 2171 12/17/1961 7/28/1980 1,304.62 9.0000 370.92 2264 7/10/1955 9/20/1982 1,725.71 7.0000 545.76 2295 6/25/1953 3/25/1974 793.27 16.0000 288.00 2416 1/24/1962 8/23/1982 1,055.48 7.0000 154.44 2441 5/30/1954 2/12/1973 1,877.28 17.0000 1,247.40 2469 4/9/1955 8/26/1976 1,760.37 13.2500 930.72 5620 10/20/1957 10/27/1986 998.30 3.0000 126.60 7103 1/19/1959 9/16/1987 1,183.93 2.0000 110.64 0742 9/24/1959 6/14/1977 1,254.21 12.0000 539.64 0822 7/19/1957 5/10/1987 1,317.79 3.0000 201.72 1160 5/30/1958 6/13/1977 798.72 12.0000 251.88 2895 9/17/1957 7/21/1986 1,027.37 3.0000 110.52 3559 1/16/1957 3/10/1986 3,690.00 4.0000 1,223.76 0194 3/18/1957 1/18/1984 1,035.53 6.0000 237.00 0329 4/30/1961 1/11/1982 1,036.83 8.0000 159.60 0815 3/20/1966 8/31/1987 1,138.24 2.0000 54.24 1766 9/2/1961 11/12/1979 1,296.72 7.0000 274.32 2146 1/5/1957 3/10/1986 1,298.48 8.0000 370.80 2606 8/11/1957 4/5/1983 1,731.18 7.0000 465.72 3207 8/20/1958 3/15/1977 1,382.55 13.0000 569.28 3312 8/8/1958 11/14/1982 1,388.14 6.0000 602.76 4310 3/16/1959 8/8/1978 1,453.09 11.0000 606.00 5143 5/2/1962 6/23/1986 1,684.10 3.0000 161.04 6251 9/10/1952 9/6/1988 1,014.09 1.0000 62.04 7271 10/2/1961 11/10/1982 1,577.73 7.0000 517.20 7469 11/19/1957 7/24/1983 1,201.39 6.0000 300.24 8797 11/1/1961 9/16/1982 1,205.80 7.0000 279.12 0774 12/9/1958 9/12/1977 1,075.30 11.0000 733.56 2136 10/25/1956 12/30/1979 1,767.87 10.0000 777.48 2840 10/25/1957 1/16/1980 1,158.05 10.0000 444.96 3010 8/5/1962 3/21/1983 1,449.77 4.0000 203.28 3091 8/8/1958 9/14/1988 1,052.87 1.0000 52.08 3749 8/29/1966 2/17/1986 933.43 4.0000 91.92 4532 12/3/1956 10/30/1981 936.46 8.0000 231.84 5146 2/4/1961 12/4/1978 1,492.09 9.0000 405.24 5265 10/12/1958 8/10/1979 1,602.77 10.0000 711.72 5851 4/11/1955 6/1/1988 970.31 2.0000 78.60 6006 8/22/1957 8/14/1985 1,257.28 4.0000 203.76 6179 1/28/1958 4/20/1977 1,910.17 13.0000 1,141.80 6748 5/1/1958 3/23/1987 1,235.46 3.0000 140.16 7287 1/9/1958 8/22/1985 1,635.92 4.0000 334.80 7289 11/27/1957 9/30/1980 1,080.74 8.0000 394.56 9474 6/20/1956 10/7/1987 912.87 2.0000 83.40 9745 11/9/1968 8/16/1988 1,133.32 1.0000 50.16 2607 12/26/1964 5/13/1987 883.06 3.0000 70.08 3446 12/27/1958 6/16/1986 1,191.05 3.0000 145.56 B-70 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 3462 1/17/1958 9/3/1974 926.56 15.1666 356.16 3639 6/3/1960 5/21/1980 1,614.95 10.0000 858.96 5342 3/11/1960 7/30/1980 1,240.84 9.0000 410.16 2619 8/5/1959 3/21/1978 1,495.73 12.0000 713.40 2740 9/6/1959 6/9/1977 1,292.84 12.0000 502.08 3090 1/31/1960 7/29/1986 1,426.98 3.0000 209.76 3404 4/26/1965 6/15/1988 1,268.80 1.0000 58.68 3598 11/18/1965 8/24/1986 1,276.68 3.0000 136.20 4096 12/16/1958 8/20/1986 1,190.92 3.0000 120.24 4694 11/24/1961 12/15/1983 1,314.36 6.0000 273.00 4821 4/16/1958 4/25/1979 1,546.38 11.0000 636.48 6223 9/17/1958 8/4/1982 1,538.43 7.0000 467.40 6971 7/25/1959 8/11/1982 1,048.06 7.0000 216.24 8145 7/2/1957 8/9/1984 977.16 5.0000 129.60 9500 7/6/1959 9/15/1987 1,001.36 2.0000 86.64 1367 6/21/1961 11/19/1986 757.23 3.0000 98.76 1810 10/6/1961 6/24/1985 952.52 4.0000 100.20 5711 2/16/1964 7/9/1986 1,028.27 3.0000 99.60 6178 12/5/1960 6/15/1988 1,362.17 1.0000 81.48 7027 4/9/1962 2/4/1986 1,029.08 4.0000 134.88 0960 12/31/1959 9/26/1985 1,177.36 4.0000 184.32 1034 2/16/1962 1/12/1987 970.68 3.0000 78.72 1707 4/16/1963 4/28/1981 1,122.18 4.0000 156.36 1818 10/29/1960 7/16/1985 1,096.61 4.0000 169.68 4463 6/18/1967 4/9/1986 1,007.56 4.0000 87.48 4627 11/23/1960 2/2/1983 1,237.24 7.0000 306.84 6333 9/8/1966 8/31/1988 1,029.45 1.0000 51.00 6362 5/12/1961 6/11/1979 1,120.00 10.0000 233.76 7454 11/14/1966 11/4/1987 1,387.92 2.0000 126.12 8528 6/23/1961 2/17/1986 1,242.43 4.0000 184.56 9766 10/3/1961 4/1/1986 1,634.53 4.0000 282.00 0100 2/11/1963 3/18/1981 1,217.23 9.0000 333.72 0263 5/5/1964 6/1/1987 939.46 3.0000 56.40 0676 9/17/1963 6/10/1986 1,089.25 3.0000 65.28 1854 11/13/1961 6/10/1980 1,104.83 9.0000 220.68 2907 2/27/1961 3/18/1982 1,252.88 8.0000 330.48 3446 4/20/1961 7/21/1986 984.01 3.0000 88.92 4161 10/18/1959 9/20/1982 1,222.08 7.0000 270.48 5791 3/7/1964 8/15/1988 1,098.44 1.0000 47.64 6457 9/21/1960 7/14/1986 1,116.15 3.0000 125.04 7422 7/13/1960 8/14/1978 1,569.88 11.0000 715.56 7918 12/17/1961 5/12/1987 913.26 3.0000 58.68 8312 12/19/1962 7/6/1981 1,119.44 8.0000 294.60 8680 9/29/1968 7/20/1987 1,188.17 2.0000 100.32 8936 6/13/1963 6/16/1981 1,843.22 8.0000 669.00 4660 7/15/1964 5/17/1988 1,221.88 2.0000 126.36 5876 6/17/1962 8/21/1984 1,094.85 5.0000 90.00 

B-71 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 5967 3/9/1961 1/15/1986 1,352.51 4.0000 221.28 8204 1/10/1959 9/15/1987 633.78 2.0000 43.56 1308 2/10/1964 5/9/1988 1,265.64 2.0000 92.40 1712 5/11/1961 8/10/1982 1,206.13 7.0000 265.80 2757 1/3/1961 7/27/1981 1,146.03 8.0000 357.00 3258 4/8/1962 8/5/1980 1,105.30 9.0000 229.32 3509 10/22/1964 5/9/1988 1,153.30 3.0000 162.24 4531 3/27/1964 6/14/1982 1,259.16 7.0000 354.72 4961 6/4/1960 6/6/1984 1,059.94 5.0000 153.72 5399 7/15/1966 5/12/1988 1,093.97 2.0000 66.12 7209 8/16/1967 8/7/1991 918.45 4.0000 72.00 8183 8/21/1963 2/4/1987 951.69 3.0000 138.12 8777 7/17/1963 8/15/1988 1,227.54 1.0000 77.16 8803 5/25/1962 8/18/1980 948.55 9.0000 190.32 8891 7/12/1961 6/11/1980 1,099.48 9.0000 417.96 0744 10/23/1965 2/1/1982 1,076.81 8.0000 259.32 0823 11/10/1968 4/25/1988 971.16 2.0000 66.60 1006 3/24/1965 4/1/1986 1,485.86 4.0000 210.96 2395 1/25/1964 2/28/1983 1,253.47 7.0000 309.12 2674 4/8/1962 3/3/1982 1,139.76 8.0000 387.84 3830 7/21/1963 9/28/1981 1,158.29 8.0000 221.52 5861 2/12/1962 8/19/1987 1,249.17 2.0000 148.68 6422 1/9/1962 8/3/1982 1,046.83 7.0000 189.72 7256 10/1/1960 9/21/1987 1,143.72 2.0000 89.52 7481 5/7/1962 9/22/1986 1,365.27 3.0000 161.04 7510 2/12/1968 6/12/1986 1,313.32 3.0000 137.16 8369 2/11/1965 10/18/1983 1,108.42 6.0000 225.24 0409 1/12/1963 4/13/1983 1,478.79 7.0000 402.00 0516 8/29/1962 9/7/1983 1,373.52 6.0000 232.08 0666 7/25/1963 10/19/1981 1,362.88 8.0000 428.28 2089 2/22/1965 9/6/1983 776.47 6.0000 108.00 2145 10/17/1962 6/28/1988 1,145.70 1.0000 53.88 2224 7/22/1964 7/15/1985 1,230.53 4.0000 116.52 3308 9/7/1961 1/12/1987 964.49 3.0000 87.24 3744 12/14/1964 7/27/1988 1,174.94 1.0000 56.76 4968 7/12/1962 6/15/1981 1,553.88 8.0000 391.08 6529 9/21/1963 8/19/1985 1,203.15 4.0000 167.52 6530 6/10/1962 8/25/1986 1,119.70 3.0000 96.24 7714 8/13/1959 11/21/1988 971.84 1.0000 84.48 8054 2/7/1963 6/8/1981 761.46 8.0000 144.00 8273 12/12/1962 1/22/1987 1,553.41 3.0000 168.84 8385 7/10/1965 2/9/1987 927.73 3.0000 72.36 2245 12/27/1964 4/21/1986 886.52 4.0000 72.00 4718 3/10/1963 7/19/1982 1,164.27 7.0000 239.76 6825 9/26/1963 6/15/1981 1,366.67 8.0000 357.24 7385 3/26/1965 2/4/1987 1,334.89 3.0000 169.44 1937 8/18/1965 8/31/1983 1,198.22 6.0000 178.92 B-72 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 3098 4/21/1964 8/14/1985 1,241.62 4.0000 171.24 5043 6/12/1965 8/30/1983 808.79 5.0000 90.00 6889 12/19/1965 4/13/1987 1,050.75 3.0000 94.20 7047 3/23/1966 10/3/1983 1,474.16 6.0000 257.04 7760 11/10/1964 6/18/1986 1,011.83 3.0000 82.32 8969 7/5/1963 1/10/1984 1,350.25 6.0000 269.16 0204 2/23/1965 1/27/1986 1,519.53 4.0000 241.20 1125 5/16/1965 6/4/1987 1,923.47 2.0000 178.20 1924 9/20/1964 5/17/1988 1,054.71 2.0000 83.64 4439 1/26/1964 7/29/1982 1,362.75 7.0000 260.88 4629 11/29/1965 9/6/1983 1,063.62 6.0000 161.64 5207 5/28/1965 2/16/1986 1,523.51 4.0000 204.96 6007 7/14/1962 2/25/1981 1,000.85 9.0000 162.00 6375 10/19/1962 9/14/1982 1,670.18 7.0000 490.08 7002 10/7/1966 7/7/1987 1,317.14 2.0000 109.68 8472 3/30/1963 5/2/1988 983.52 2.0000 38.76 2552 5/21/1967 6/11/1985 887.22 4.0000 72.00 3311 12/3/1967 11/16/1988 1,139.97 1.0000 43.68 4474 9/20/1968 4/18/1988 1,232.30 2.0000 94.56 5814 10/1/1965 10/29/1986 1,342.96 3.0000 163.08 8047 5/3/1966 9/28/1987 932.85 2.0000 49.44 8026 7/24/2026 6/9/1986 878.30 3.0000 105.48 0763 4/2/1967 9/28/1987 1,047.01 2.0000 57.36 6072 2/5/1966 4/16/1986 1,118.13 4.0000 217.92 7178 4/12/1965 3/13/1984 1,200.19 6.0000 240.60 7508 4/6/1968 5/31/1988 1,000.88 2.0000 78.96 7880 9/10/1966 9/14/1987 944.09 2.0000 55.80 9133 7/27/1968 9/16/1986 866.97 3.0000 54.00 1932 1/10/1966 7/21/1986 1,102.56 3.0000 128.76 0503 10/31/1967 8/6/1986 1,192.02 3.0000 156.96 1194 6/19/1968 6/18/1985 1,117.48 4.0000 140.40 1556 1/5/1968 6/11/1986 1,579.07 3.0000 181.92 2812 3/23/1967 6/27/1988 914.79 1.0000 31.32 6220 4/23/1930 4/14/1986 1,135.87 4.0000 281.16 7909 12/3/2029 9/3/1987 1,368.33 2.0000 238.32 1088 8/23/1966 10/8/1985 926.76 4.0000 117.84 4410 1/5/1967 7/29/1992 985.37 1.0000 47.40 0347 2/20/1933 1/2/1979 1,697.17 8.4166 1,088.88 0407 5/11/1933 8/25/1976 1,142.11 13.2500 1,016.04 0865 5/7/1934 12/6/1978 1,298.67 8.4166 791.40 1054 4/14/1930 10/15/1962 2,334.03 27.0833 4,820.40 2259 11/22/1930 3/4/1959 1,057.09 30.0000 971.64 2379 1/12/1931 5/4/1967 1,113.65 23.0000 1,551.72 6669 2/28/1933 6/7/1971 3,515.23 18.4166 7,875.24 6710 2/1/1935 3/20/1968 1,012.04 22.0000 1,048.68 7061 4/2/1933 7/15/1982 724.78 7.0000 126.00 2664 2/6/1933 7/31/1972 931.15 17.3333 710.40 

B-73 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 2718 4/19/1935 10/13/1958 2,183.51 31.0833 3,213.60 2723 12/4/1932 12/28/1972 1,211.76 17.0000 1,519.32 2867 2/19/1931 10/22/1979 989.17 10.0000 476.76 3209 4/24/1935 11/28/1983 1,540.29 6.0000 593.04 3380 9/10/1931 4/27/1987 1,007.93 3.0000 166.32 3447 5/27/1935 7/12/1972 1,082.99 8.4166 710.40 3479 2/14/1937 10/31/1983 955.38 9.0000 414.84 3482 1/16/1935 1/17/1966 2,492.92 24.0000 4,545.48 3561 2/21/1937 1/12/1987 1,911.02 3.0000 460.20 3988 6/30/1934 8/19/1982 1,067.98 7.0000 462.36 4066 7/4/1933 5/21/1981 1,122.07 9.0000 560.40 4086 3/2/1935 8/3/1982 996.39 7.0000 372.84 4431 9/21/1936 7/24/1978 2,012.59 11.0000 2,102.28 4401 3/7/1935 6/20/1977 1,322.62 12.0000 1,226.76 7874 1/21/1937 7/9/1958 1,170.15 23.0000 1,210.20 8025 12/24/1934 7/29/1957 1,197.84 32.3333 1,235.40 8751 4/7/1937 7/21/1980 1,476.41 9.0000 1,222.08 0525 1/9/1938 4/21/1987 988.54 3.0000 84.12 2037 5/1/1938 3/26/1981 1,120.06 9.0000 559.56 2334 4/5/1940 10/3/1978 838.55 11.0000 433.80 7639 4/14/1942 1/12/1981 1,442.51 13.0000 1,311.60 7778 12/2/1932 11/16/1978 1,106.76 11.0000 1,262.16 7804 1/28/1941 10/19/1970 1,893.88 19.0833 2,396.52 7846 12/7/1939 6/30/1959 1,405.36 30.4166 1,398.48 8226 4/20/1942 7/25/1967 1,408.14 22.3333 1,389.00 8349 12/22/1939 6/16/1985 1,231.85 4.0000 236.40 8587 11/21/1940 12/29/1986 1,243.55 3.0000 249.36 8621 11/22/1937 5/24/1977 1,177.65 13.0000 1,004.04 8627 4/28/1941 9/26/1983 1,234.69 6.0000 533.64 9088 6/9/1940 9/26/1983 980.15 6.0000 264.24 9178 2/4/1942 6/12/1978 2,296.51 11.0000 2,179.08 9269 4/26/1938 8/26/1985 997.42 4.0000 185.76 9283 2/26/1938 2/21/1978 1,216.95 8.4166 855.00 9298 2/13/1942 4/13/1987 938.58 3.0000 133.44 9358 4/7/1941 8/7/1985 1,450.07 4.0000 416.88 9412 11/9/1939 8/26/1959 1,100.03 30.2500 752.52 9694 4/9/1942 1/28/1986 828.62 4.0000 125.88 3437 10/15/1944 7/7/1981 1,662.58 8.0000 848.88 7709 2/25/1945 11/12/1974 1,333.12 15.0000 972.00 8017 9/23/1943 5/8/1984 1,025.61 6.0000 270.84 8362 1/17/1943 10/10/1977 1,224.42 12.0000 827.04 8371 9/27/1943 6/3/1986 777.66 3.0000 84.60 8609 10/20/1943 3/31/1987 1,303.50 3.0000 196.56 7229 2/14/1947 5/14/1986 896.81 4.0000 184.20 0506 9/6/1943 8/5/1980 1,026.58 9.0000 478.68 2608 10/19/1945 9/9/1985 1,260.82 4.0000 364.92 2656 6/2/1945 8/20/1986 1,080.01 3.0000 251.28 B-74 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 2689 1/21/1944 6/10/1985 764.35 4.0000 72.00 2959 11/7/1946 8/23/1979 1,398.87 10.0000 762.00 3246 10/12/1946 5/31/1983 1,274.12 7.0000 554.52 3474 1/24/1948 9/13/1983 999.53 5.0000 218.28 3489 4/9/1943 8/18/1982 1,049.00 7.0000 372.48 3675 10/13/1946 12/15/1986 857.85 3.0000 54.00 3753 12/24/1945 8/5/1965 1,699.04 24.2500 1,824.24 3830 1/18/1945 10/17/1978 1,338.90 11.0000 762.24 3875 2/10/1949 5/19/1987 1,317.76 3.0000 294.12 4108 9/13/1947 10/2/1967 2,308.68 22.0833 2,660.04 4146 7/29/1946 12/27/1976 1,114.09 13.0000 633.36 4367 6/8/1946 10/26/1982 2,051.79 7.0000 1,041.60 4671 10/15/1946 6/13/1985 1,017.54 4.0000 176.28 4840 8/25/1947 8/1/1978 1,857.21 11.0000 1,150.56 4913 5/2/1946 9/3/1985 1,029.84 4.0000 200.28 7245 2/28/1956 10/3/1983 1,557.42 6.0000 428.04 1237 7/28/1961 4/21/1980 1,285.92 10.0000 459.60 1398 11/13/1958 1/23/1984 2,027.60 6.0000 583.92 5268 7/21/1946 6/2/1986 1,073.20 3.0000 186.36 5712 3/15/1949 3/1/1973 3,534.47 17.0000 4,326.36 6942 7/7/1949 11/30/1988 1,047.54 1.0000 77.40 7018 10/24/1946 10/3/1977 940.89 12.0000 497.40 7202 7/2/1947 3/13/1980 1,150.38 10.0000 615.60 7856 7/31/1948 5/8/1975 1,043.52 15.0000 596.28 8356 5/17/1931 1/7/1974 1,075.96 16.0000 1,680.96 8591 2/19/1946 6/6/1988 1,014.40 1.0000 65.88 9218 11/28/1948 3/17/1980 1,031.86 10.0000 420.84 0050 12/13/1946 11/2/1986 1,618.49 3.0000 375.48 0093 6/22/1950 1/22/1987 1,267.55 3.0000 188.88 0096 1/6/1946 8/31/1976 2,743.23 13.2500 2,835.36 0111 11/1/1947 1/10/1978 1,105.99 8.4166 541.56 0129 11/26/1944 6/11/1979 1,046.61 10.0000 439.08 0176 1/17/1949 2/5/1980 1,600.92 10.0000 877.44 0229 12/25/1944 11/2/1965 972.31 24.0000 600.48 0321 7/15/1946 8/28/1972 1,087.77 17.2500 626.16 0412 5/3/1948 12/8/1983 1,556.36 6.0000 546.60 0463 12/24/1946 8/21/1984 1,445.08 5.0000 311.04 0516 8/26/1947 3/6/1986 1,012.65 2.0000 162.60 0529 6/7/1947 7/9/1988 1,363.78 1.0000 114.84 0583 8/6/1948 10/9/1979 1,611.81 10.0000 977.88 0634 7/4/1951 7/8/1980 2,071.88 9.0000 1,110.12 0797 7/19/1946 10/2/1972 1,923.77 17.0833 1,769.88 0894 1/1/1948 9/5/1985 1,330.14 4.0000 309.96 0917 5/15/1947 9/25/1985 1,298.11 4.0000 277.20 1043 4/1/1948 11/16/1987 1,533.07 2.0000 238.92 2231 2/25/1948 6/20/1988 1,064.89 1.0000 57.96 2332 12/16/1948 12/16/1985 1,278.66 4.0000 306.00 

B-75 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 4903 8/26/1946 8/23/1976 1,559.47 13.2500 1,418.52 7042 9/29/1950 1/20/1979 776.99 15.0000 270.00 9410 3/10/1949 6/2/1986 1,127.05 3.0000 161.04 2509 1/23/1950 3/20/1980 747.72 10.0000 180.00 2523 10/2/1948 9/19/1972 1,558.27 15.0000 698.76 2599 1/30/1950 8/15/1969 1,999.27 18.0000 1,685.16 2659 3/24/1948 4/23/1974 1,143.30 16.0000 795.96 2678 2/2/1949 9/2/1980 1,137.63 9.0000 474.96 2680 8/26/1948 5/5/1976 1,447.10 14.0000 938.52 2733 1/18/1946 2/7/1966 1,538.32 24.0000 1,670.64 2788 7/14/1951 3/17/1976 1,815.10 14.0000 1,184.40 2836 7/28/1949 12/4/1972 1,530.84 17.0000 1,146.24 2845 1/18/1951 3/12/1978 1,578.99 12.0000 920.64 2947 6/26/1951 9/17/1969 1,161.98 20.1666 708.12 3025 12/9/1949 8/25/1988 1,921.10 1.0000 184.44 3027 1/29/1948 4/22/1974 1,289.09 16.0000 1,194.84 3083 2/20/1950 4/13/1977 1,568.19 13.0000 1,052.16 3176 10/18/1947 5/18/1987 1,035.58 3.0000 102.60 3237 10/1/1949 11/14/1966 1,861.86 23.0000 1,783.68 3238 8/29/1948 12/30/1968 1,768.92 21.0000 1,552.20 3550 11/22/1949 3/20/1978 1,810.36 12.0000 1,132.80 3621 8/31/1950 10/16/1981 1,323.26 8.0000 699.84 3702 4/11/1949 10/29/1985 1,188.17 4.0000 255.36 3721 7/13/1949 9/6/1988 1,221.02 1.0000 71.88 3789 4/2/1949 7/14/1987 1,132.38 2.0000 177.72 4058 7/1/1947 3/22/1966 1,862.74 24.0000 2,018.04 4103 7/2/1950 11/6/1986 1,237.23 3.0000 183.00 4178 8/19/1949 7/8/1974 918.55 15.3333 540.00 4221 12/28/1947 1/2/1979 1,617.24 11.0000 974.64 4237 2/14/1943 12/19/1983 1,251.85 6.0000 531.72 4326 2/17/1936 6/15/1982 1,060.13 7.0000 344.64 4366 8/4/1949 5/5/1969 1,501.02 21.0000 1,430.52 4411 9/27/1947 8/29/1983 1,035.93 5.0000 186.60 4641 1/18/1948 11/6/1978 1,688.87 11.0000 1,037.28 4918 12/13/1948 11/7/1983 1,458.98 6.0000 495.48 4997 2/24/1947 9/8/1987 708.18 2.0000 36.00 7394 9/5/1950 11/8/1971 1,902.72 18.0000 1,614.60 7616 6/27/1950 3/16/1978 1,124.97 12.0000 689.76 7676 5/17/1951 4/27/1987 1,259.35 3.0000 180.36 8735 7/16/1953 8/4/1986 908.34 3.0000 105.60 9292 2/15/1953 1/31/1983 1,576.77 7.0000 555.48 0332 11/27/1953 9/3/1985 1,841.60 4.0000 408.12 0776 1/5/1950 5/11/1987 1,017.03 3.0000 152.88 1407 3/6/1952 9/4/1979 561.48 2136 10/11/1951 7/22/1986 1,430.13 3.0000 247.08 7665 10/2/1955 7/11/1985 1,577.92 4.0000 294.84 1316 8/24/1953 8/19/1987 1,777.41 2.0000 230.52 B-76 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 1428 12/13/1951 7/22/1987 1,658.45 2.0000 197.04 1506 3/27/1953 1/10/1974 2,679.52 16.0000 2,436.12 1558 8/8/1950 6/16/1986 871.08 3.0000 94.44 1619 3/13/1953 5/16/1988 1,206.43 2.0000 155.40 1694 12/12/1958 11/27/1979 2,065.48 10.0000 959.88 1756 12/25/1952 1/6/1971 1,050.56 8.4166 336.60 2091 11/15/1947 8/28/1978 946.26 11.0000 337.80 2162 1/17/1953 11/8/1982 917.31 7.0000 266.64 2178 8/9/1953 8/29/1977 1,276.74 12.0000 498.36 3097 2/25/1951 5/28/1979 1,151.53 11.0000 502.68 3359 3/19/1952 10/25/1982 1,078.33 7.0000 271.92 3386 4/3/1952 7/24/1984 1,008.95 5.0000 209.52 3596 10/4/1952 4/27/1987 1,233.02 3.0000 159.36 3834 8/31/1953 4/1/1974 1,236.18 16.0000 753.48 4031 11/25/1952 8/27/1987 857.60 2.0000 70.68 4429 1/2/1953 11/19/1986 1,343.03 3.0000 217.32 4643 7/13/1951 7/14/1986 1,203.62 3.0000 180.48 4847 3/28/1952 10/25/1976 885.85 13.0833 283.68 4922 11/26/1954 4/13/1987 962.54 2.0000 78.12 7525 12/1/1953 5/26/1987 1,011.99 3.0000 127.20 7549 11/19/1950 6/28/1988 865.97 1.0000 45.96 7580 5/15/1954 10/7/1986 1,462.21 3.0000 265.44 7594 3/27/1959 7/16/1984 1,197.15 5.0000 216.00 7665 7/22/1954 7/24/1972 1,119.99 15.1666 585.60 7881 7/25/1953 1/18/1984 1,365.51 8.0000 535.44 7901 9/1/1953 4/28/1981 1,639.29 9.0000 808.80 7942 3/15/1954 6/6/1973 1,659.35 16.4166 1,128.72 7965 10/18/1953 4/17/1978 870.06 12.0000 247.80 8057 7/26/1951 2/24/1986 824.25 4.0000 104.04 8133 6/6/1953 8/22/1983 947.16 6.0000 192.60 8162 6/15/1954 1/2/1986 1,950.62 4.0000 459.12 8348 5/21/1953 7/6/1970 1,240.19 19.3333 934.08 8354 12/7/1952 8/31/1977 1,273.65 12.0000 699.96 8400 7/1/1949 4/14/1980 1,007.46 10.0000 352.44 8471 8/11/1953 12/8/1980 1,169.64 9.0000 437.04 8483 6/13/1953 8/18/1980 1,355.94 11.0000 560.76 8515 10/9/1955 8/10/1978 1,449.11 11.0000 690.96 8567 6/24/1956 5/21/1987 1,182.40 3.0000 135.72 8605 10/8/1953 8/28/1978 1,219.61 11.0000 580.56 8695 1/11/1952 2/27/1984 1,079.01 6.0000 248.40 8718 9/29/1955 6/6/1973 1,833.47 17.0000 1,363.20 8750 6/2/1950 11/11/1980 1,084.73 8.0000 519.96 8842 6/23/1955 3/16/1983 1,618.04 7.0000 632.76 8880 3/9/1955 10/3/1977 2,245.35 12.0000 1,400.28 8914 4/9/1954 8/25/1982 1,196.07 6.0000 354.12 9103 10/18/1955 10/8/1981 2,082.54 8.0000 890.88 9131 7/16/1954 3/30/1981 1,096.62 9.0000 336.12 

B-77 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 9471 8/3/1951 8/15/1977 1,056.83 12.0000 499.68 9497 12/28/1953 9/27/1973 1,558.33 16.1666 985.56 9616 7/2/1956 10/19/1982 1,078.49 7.0000 212.52 9618 3/6/1954 6/14/1976 1,257.44 8.4166 406.92 9623 6/5/1956 4/14/1980 1,880.09 10.0000 908.88 9776 11/13/1964 7/19/1982 1,234.01 7.0000 248.04 9853 9/18/1952 11/16/1982 1,265.57 7.0000 339.96 9894 6/14/1951 5/28/1979 1,325.04 11.0000 688.80 8124 3/22/1957 8/12/1985 1,077.64 4.0000 136.08 3507 11/21/1956 11/24/1975 1,686.99 14.0000 694.08 7240 4/18/1960 4/20/1982 1,169.82 8.0000 144.00 7982 9/30/1962 8/12/1980 1,145.74 9.0000 377.28 3705 8/20/1965 7/8/1986 1,364.31 3.0000 201.00 4594 8/10/1964 10/25/1983 1,359.09 6.0000 237.12 5393 3/18/1963 8/30/1984 1,303.78 5.0000 225.72 5550 6/16/1968 7/15/1986 1,055.27 3.0000 93.84 5621 7/13/1961 8/3/1987 1,102.91 2.0000 82.68 6539 11/2/1961 5/5/1986 1,208.56 4.0000 181.92 8476 6/12/1959 3/16/1983 1,285.44 7.0000 340.44 9120 5/3/1961 5/10/1987 1,112.88 3.0000 132.12 9414 5/25/1963 7/29/1981 1,222.41 8.0000 270.00 0811 7/23/1958 4/22/1987 887.03 3.0000 77.16 1745 9/1/1959 11/9/1982 1,605.05 7.0000 606.36 2383 3/25/1957 8/16/1988 909.22 1.0000 66.84 4132 9/6/1958 7/20/1987 1,133.10 2.0000 93.36 4773 9/2/1965 11/9/1983 1,264.87 6.0000 196.32 5648 7/3/1960 6/15/1988 1,549.99 1.0000 91.32 6326 3/1/1966 6/27/1988 1,050.39 1.0000 38.64 8489 1/6/1958 10/12/1987 1,246.53 2.0000 119.16 9204 9/17/1963 5/10/1987 1,223.19 3.0000 137.88 9824 5/8/1957 3/15/1977 1,508.43 13.0000 732.12 0811 1/16/1957 6/2/1986 1,094.26 3.0000 130.68 1096 10/8/1957 6/19/1978 1,590.14 11.0000 855.72 1284 12/27/1959 4/27/1987 1,165.29 3.0000 130.08 3158 5/26/1958 1/2/1980 1,313.39 10.0000 520.20 4644 7/21/1967 9/23/1985 871.81 4.0000 72.00 5033 8/28/1961 3/16/1992 671.87 5.0000 90.00 7695 4/18/1959 8/15/1989 1,017.95 9.0000 229.20 8345 6/7/1959 3/23/1987 856.09 6.0000 108.00 8459 8/16/1957 12/7/1976 1,712.77 13.0000 922.32 8700 11/9/1956 10/23/1978 1,241.13 11.0000 450.96 9573 7/10/1959 4/6/1987 840.79 3.0000 69.84 9710 7/7/1956 4/21/1986 829.42 4.0000 72.00 0008 10/19/1961 7/23/1980 1,279.14 9.0000 403.68 6727 6/16/1967 8/15/1988 1,349.87 1.0000 54.12 6738 10/1/1958 6/14/1988 996.38 1.0000 36.72 7516 11/11/1959 1/14/1981 1,116.32 9.0000 303.48 B-78 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 8241 10/11/1960 8/12/1980 1,239.25 9.0000 358.56 8466 2/23/1964 8/3/1983 1,454.32 6.0000 367.32 9264 7/25/1958 6/1/1982 1,048.80 8.0000 198.72 9617 7/5/1957 7/20/1987 1,759.34 2.0000 198.60 1009 2/19/1961 4/23/1979 1,858.31 11.0000 1,021.56 1143 2/1/1958 2/10/1983 1,050.75 7.0000 284.40 1145 5/11/1960 9/15/1985 1,287.90 4.0000 191.16 1946 2/12/1961 5/11/1988 1,175.45 2.0000 105.48 1959 3/20/1959 3/2/1987 879.68 3.0000 84.84 2197 1/18/1958 9/25/1985 1,265.63 4.0000 216.72 2678 9/1/1963 7/9/1981 1,113.08 8.0000 230.16 3860 9/12/1958 5/9/1988 858.91 2.0000 45.72 4603 6/2/1959 8/10/1976 2,086.39 13.2500 1,242.00 7833 5/31/1959 5/9/1978 1,750.84 12.0000 1,000.44 7860 6/18/1959 6/7/1982 981.65 7.0000 126.00 9703 2/25/1960 12/31/1980 1,949.32 9.0000 855.84 9957 3/28/1965 6/24/1985 990.95 3.0000 54.00 0923 11/6/1962 6/17/1985 1,536.97 4.0000 195.24 2110 5/26/1964 7/7/1986 1,293.22 3.0000 140.04 4851 10/8/1967 4/21/1987 1,430.20 3.0000 167.16 9154 3/28/1968 3/9/1987 1,176.67 3.0000 111.48 8677 1/2/1936 8/6/1984 927.42 5.0000 259.08 7043 6/4/1938 9/13/1983 1,451.72 6.0000 764.52 2495 5/20/1943 1/6/1975 1,682.25 15.0000 1,452.60 0302 12/6/1945 10/3/1982 1,885.80 7.0000 905.76 8909 12/29/1951 2/16/1987 928.21 3.0000 116.52 8692 3/31/1952 8/12/1985 953.93 4.0000 155.28 3359 10/4/1956 9/17/1979 1,422.57 10.0000 429.24 7330 3/29/1960 1/20/1988 1,722.20 1.0000 95.04 0806 6/17/1961 5/31/1983 1,822.95 7.0000 535.92 9101 3/31/1959 10/21/1982 1,735.08 7.0000 559.92 8219 6/24/1942 3/12/1987 1,307.19 3.0000 257.40 6487 6/26/1967 10/15/1986 1,222.18 3.0000 151.56 0277 10/20/1940 9/12/1983 1,320.34 12.0000 936.24 2583 1/15/1943 6/17/1981 4,997.78 8.0000 5,711.64 4864 1/18/1944 1/28/1987 787.82 3.0000 66.00 9152 10/5/1950 7/24/1980 1,203.29 8.0000 473.52 1777 12/7/1948 11/26/1973 1,258.70 16.0000 753.24 2099 11/16/1949 3/24/1980 2,043.49 10.0000 1,179.96 2903 4/14/1954 10/9/1978 2,065.39 11.0000 1,212.12 6478 11/11/1960 9/3/1986 806.28 3.0000 70.68 6974 9/20/1960 6/15/1988 1,685.17 1.0000 110.16 4391 5/8/1966 6/15/1988 1,002.00 1.0000 38.04 1913 5/5/1931 4/19/1970 607.02 18.5833 334.44 0500 9/17/1939 7/17/1986 1,050.53 3.0000 136.44 7788 9/17/1943 12/31/1964 2,026.29 25.0000 2,669.52 2605 10/7/1947 9/12/1983 1,324.57 6.0000 497.76 

B-79 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 8042 2/16/1947 11/14/1973 1,689.48 16.0000 1,482.24 8401 8/27/1947 8/30/1982 2,050.36 7.0000 1,032.24 4498 4/5/1949 12/4/1978 3,143.69 8.4166 2,305.20 3663 10/20/1952 3/25/1984 1,209.73 6.0000 355.32 1399 7/3/1953 6/13/1988 930.85 1.0000 43.80 9021 2/3/1965 7/29/1985 1,524.30 4.0000 239.76 0731 10/18/1956 8/18/1986 1,113.14 3.0000 175.32 2007 9/4/1960 6/19/1986 1,172.41 3.0000 135.72 5707 1/10/1962 5/21/1981 981.49 9.0000 221.76 0890 2/11/1960 11/17/1986 1,030.93 3.0000 107.88 6387 9/15/1964 1/15/1986 1,243.47 4.0000 187.80 2369 3/25/1965 4/21/1987 1,273.15 3.0000 144.48 9455 4/8/1966 10/25/1988 962.86 1.0000 38.04 2277 7/3/1968 7/26/1988 709.49 1.0000 18.00 7844 8/17/2026 9/20/1962 2,636.77 27.1666 6,203.52 1021 7/7/2029 7/30/1979 935.33 10.0000 330.24 7273 7/18/1939 4/15/1987 952.13 3.0000 159.36 8980 6/4/1940 3/26/1973 1,057.01 17.0000 725.16 7895 9/23/1942 2/1/1984 945.12 6.0000 259.20 2308 2/17/1943 8/29/1983 1,034.14 6.0000 295.92 4422 1/18/1942 10/20/1980 1,074.18 13.3333 725.76 1392 9/27/1942 9/4/1979 1,635.44 10.0000 1,096.20 6754 12/15/1944 12/3/1986 1,190.61 3.0000 239.28 5368 6/25/1953 10/8/1981 1,896.83 8.0000 887.40 5155 5/3/1955 12/12/1983 1,098.89 6.0000 294.60 9971 6/28/1968 4/28/1988 1,344.19 2.0000 126.96 7205 4/19/1962 4/21/1987 742.94 3.0000 54.00 7447 6/29/1965 8/5/1987 1,189.98 2.0000 81.24 3161 9/22/1968 7/18/1988 896.63 1.0000 51.00 4569 2/28/1930 4/22/1981 1,057.27 9.0000 745.92 4572 8/12/1931 8/15/1988 1,022.26 1.0000 54.12 1813 11/4/1937 3/9/1981 829.22 9.0000 260.28 6124 12/24/1944 3/1/1982 855.02 8.0000 188.76 5230 6/22/1951 8/25/1982 1,391.58 7.0000 530.28 3769 5/15/1951 8/31/1983 962.65 6.0000 184.08 9647 5/12/1954 7/12/1982 1,886.96 7.0000 668.16 7948 3/12/1956 8/23/1987 1,668.03 2.0000 173.76 7278 9/3/1960 3/22/1979 1,502.70 11.0000 698.16 3227 11/27/1960 5/13/1987 1,416.35 3.0000 198.00 8111 4/15/1957 6/4/1984 1,183.54 5.0000 217.80 5845 6/5/1957 8/14/1988 1,689.48 3.0000 209.52 6103 1/7/1957 7/11/1988 1,332.58 1.0000 67.68 7206 10/31/1957 12/2/1986 972.55 3.0000 99.48 2203 9/7/1963 6/20/1988 1,453.99 1.0000 78.96 4510 4/14/1959 6/24/1980 1,233.23 6.0000 229.08 8749 4/18/1959 8/24/1987 850.59 2.0000 43.80 B-80 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 4272 11/5/1961 5/21/1987 1,798.55 3.0000 252.12 4943 8/21/1960 10/5/1987 1,054.85 2.0000 92.28 7546 10/13/1968 5/28/1987 1,180.64 3.0000 126.48 8064 10/13/1968 5/17/1987 1,205.45 3.0000 138.60 0557 8/7/1966 1/27/1986 1,049.91 4.0000 94.80 2496 6/13/1968 7/22/1987 1,328.24 2.0000 108.24 3209 5/15/1967 3/15/1987 1,261.42 3.0000 138.24 4116 2/16/1965 11/4/1987 1,530.45 2.0000 174.72 6201 8/28/1968 8/3/1988 1,469.85 1.0000 61.80 6066 1/22/1934 7/9/1963 1,288.43 26.3333 1,148.76 3791 9/8/1934 4/25/1960 1,006.53 30.0000 861.84 7922 5/7/1935 5/28/1962 1,072.57 28.0000 815.16 5352 2/22/1945 9/29/1986 2,785.05 3.0000 909.60 5392 7/2/1943 11/4/1987 1,572.21 2.0000 353.28 6046 8/18/1944 3/2/1987 1,039.60 3.0000 158.52 6342 3/18/1945 10/22/1986 1,394.18 3.0000 275.40 0704 4/14/1943 2/3/1982 1,684.60 8.0000 1,201.68 3179 6/17/1945 8/11/1988 1,754.03 1.0000 135.24 3414 9/30/1944 11/16/1986 1,158.00 3.0000 152.64 0415 3/12/1946 9/14/1987 773.30 1.0000 19.20 4244 4/9/1945 4/21/1986 2,701.72 4.0000 1,122.00 2629 11/24/1946 4/23/1987 1,339.86 3.0000 313.80 4119 8/11/1948 9/28/1986 2,140.87 3.0000 543.00 4746 12/30/1947 8/11/1986 1,792.72 3.0000 403.68 2658 7/9/1948 4/27/1987 1,008.19 3.0000 155.16 4046 3/17/1947 4/22/1986 1,198.03 4.0000 319.44 8140 1/14/1946 11/12/1986 939.23 3.0000 117.72 9652 4/23/1945 8/21/1988 1,075.33 1.0000 66.60 9709 11/11/1950 11/1/1985 4,342.70 4.0000 1,940.64 0067 9/22/1949 12/29/1986 2,154.44 3.0000 540.36 0512 1/6/1950 9/15/1986 2,356.89 3.0000 597.72 2019 8/17/1949 6/19/1988 1,729.63 1.0000 168.00 3761 9/26/1952 8/16/1971 1,556.03 18.2500 1,193.52 8347 5/28/1957 2/15/1989 2,638.68 1.0000 200.88 2045 6/5/1959 8/25/1988 1,247.53 1.0000 67.44 3598 12/19/1958 2/5/1987 1,292.48 3.0000 169.56 4637 8/9/1960 7/22/1987 1,280.31 2.0000 114.96 6689 4/3/1965 6/1/1987 902.39 3.0000 54.00 9181 1/29/1962 8/23/1987 1,129.77 2.0000 78.96 1446 3/16/1960 7/30/1987 1,220.07 2.0000 100.08 5300 12/31/1963 5/21/1986 763.17 4.0000 73.20 6003 2/5/1963 10/1/1985 1,137.14 4.0000 171.96 3932 5/25/1963 9/28/1987 1,968.93 2.0000 191.04 8190 4/1/1961 5/28/1986 1,188.95 4.0000 148.08 8202 7/4/1961 12/11/1986 1,495.31 3.0000 179.76 9212 11/7/1966 1/24/1987 1,387.91 3.0000 163.08 8247 9/28/1963 11/20/1986 1,474.98 3.0000 195.00 

B-81 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 0424 9/16/1964 8/19/1987 1,104.33 2.0000 97.08 1500 2/27/1967 10/9/1986 1,822.83 3.0000 232.80 6600 6/25/1967 11/10/1986 1,164.11 3.0000 122.88 0362 1/20/1968 7/20/1988 998.70 1.0000 26.16 7705 4/2/1940 12/13/1984 5,096.88 5.0000 3,831.36 3233 1/24/1942 9/20/1982 1,281.58 7.0000 651.24 3704 2/15/1941 9/7/1987 2,206.83 2.0000 435.24 0485 5/12/1942 11/1/1987 1,597.93 2.0000 383 16 8315 10/18/1945 3/16/1981 1,969.29 9.0000 1,204.32 2288 2/7/1946 10/6/1986 2,171.88 3.0000 568.68 3613 6/7/1949 10/22/1986 1,340.82 3.0000 257.52 9937 3/21/1949 7/22/1987 1,435.11 2.0000 209.04 2970 9/2/1953 11/3/1986 1,076.64 3.0000 137.52 3129 5/19/1945 11/19/1986 935.16 3.0000 143.28 3541 5/27/1956 8/5/1987 1,503.73 2.0000 167.88 3694 3/29/1962 2/11/1987 1,226.40 3.0000 129.36 3702 1/29/1955 8/27/1986 1,771.16 3.0000 318.12 9216 11/10/1956 11/10/1986 1,283.69 3.0000 147.72 3043 9/29/1955 1/5/1989 1,274.57 1.0000 62.40 3176 10/14/1955 7/25/1988 1,298.05 1.0000 62.40 4130 3/18/1957 1/14/1987 1,468.14 3.0000 215.88 4605 8/16/1956 8/27/1986 1,211.04 3.0000 119.76 8858 9/23/1962 1/19/1987 3,237.77 3.0000 668.04 4986 6/24/1957 11/17/1986 1,053.38 10.0000 278.40 5481 8/9/1958 5/31/1987 1,100.74 6.0000 179.16 8977 7/19/1957 7/9/1987 3,295.28 1.0000 312.12 6212 10/13/1958 1/14/1987 1,638.03 3.0000 254.76 7885 10/2/1959 9/23/1987 1,305.11 2.0000 129.24 8716 1/4/1967 10/29/1986 1,645.92 3.0000 181.44 4503 5/23/1963 10/13/1986 1,507.98 3.0000 180.96 8137 9/9/1962 7/23/1986 924.21 3.0000 74.40 8693 1/6/1956 6/10/1986 824.42 3.0000 64.44 2270 1/5/1965 5/17/1987 1,523.12 3.0000 198.72 8329 8/17/1963 7/31/1984 1,452.55 5.0000 313.32 1834 3/3/1962 8/3/1982 1,113.99 7.0000 215.28 9038 6/6/1964 6/19/1986 962.87 3.0000 83.40 852 10/7/1962 11/25/1986 1,577.30 3.0000 179.52 7749 7/9/1967 3/11/1987 1,437.53 3.0000 172.56 3606 10/13/1930 2/15/1978 1,530.42 12.0000 1,196.88 219 11/9/1936 8/18/1986 1,504.96 3.0000 350.28 8253 3/31/1947 1/26/1987 1,846.42 3.0000 490.92 8648 10/13/1946 3/19/1987 1,297.34 3.0000 280.20 9201 12/22/1946 9/17/1982 1,444.79 7.0000 593.64 9255 2/6/1947 9/2/1986 1,722.63 3.0000 348.12 9287 4/16/1946 10/19/1966 881.59 23.0833 540.00 7921 1/26/1948 10/16/1986 1,308.30 3.0000 203.64 8612 5/2/1948 11/11/1987 946.60 2.0000 102.48 B-82 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 532 4/5/1950 10/13/1986 4,220.12 3.0000 1,499.40 0317 6/30/1953 11/16/1986 1,393.29 3.0000 216.00 0491 4/2/1951 4/26/1973 1,073.73 17.0000 608.52 0970 6/15/1951 5/7/1987 1,259.55 3.0000 254.40 1308 11/23/1953 7/29/1985 1,074.53 11.0000 292.80 4709 2/5/1955 4/14/1987 904.41 3.0000 100.32 5106 6/8/1960 2/8/1987 1,361.93 3.0000 200.64 5450 11/22/1954 11/4/1980 1,067.08 9.0000 366.36 5525 10/23/1958 3/16/1987 1,270.00 3.0000 194.16 8489 7/3/1961 7/12/1977 1,516.44 12.0000 745.20 9505 11/3/1965 9/4/1986 1,847.70 3.0000 238.68 5461 3/14/1963 8/31/1986 1,211.93 3.0000 124.20 0892 7/24/1960 6/19/1978 1,207.63 11.0000 490.80 6970 5/24/1968 7/19/1987 1,306.57 2.0000 87.00 0610 5/21/1960 9/14/1987 1,167.03 2.0000 136.32 2493 1/20/1966 5/12/1986 1,383.99 4.0000 230.52 3805 8/13/1964 7/22/1987 1,316.05 2.0000 125.76 4237 3/3/1964 5/13/1987 1,287.87 3.0000 148.80 9893 2/19/1965 11/30/1986 1,322.30 3.0000 140.64 4265 9/18/1961 7/13/1986 1,313.96 3.0000 126.48 4860 10/4/1964 11/20/1986 1,093.74 3.0000 114.72 1736 7/29/1963 3/2/1987 1,705.41 3.0000 211.68 4578 8/26/1965 11/28/1983 913.51 6.0000 108.00 5632 3/3/1965 5/24/1987 1,255.80 3.0000 143.76 5634 1/7/1962 9/4/1986 1,464.03 3.0000 180.96 5889 5/16/1964 4/23/1987 1,537.75 3.0000 219.96 8363 3/13/1967 6/19/1985 1,041.47 4.0000 145.68 4961 2/19/1966 8/16/1987 1,264.32 2.0000 112.80 8209 5/27/2028 10/21/1986 916.24 3.0000 104.88 0067 4/4/1968 6/16/1986 769.65 3.0000 76.08 2084 5/13/1935 11/1/1977 1,287.61 13.0000 1,540.80 0461 4/4/1939 2/11/1986 903.02 4.0000 265.44 0899 5/1/1933 5/28/1959 1,684.37 30.1666 2,546.52 1326 10/5/1942 1/23/1987 1,379.68 3.0000 322.44 2368 4/11/1943 1/1/1981 4,173.09 9.0000 4,658.40 1681 3/6/1943 10/27/1986 1,037.01 3.0000 141.72 1804 12/6/1942 9/28/1987 1,827.75 2.0000 298.32 0220 7/22/1949 4/6/1988 2,121.47 2.0000 404.40 1327 12/14/1944 10/5/1966 1,765.15 23.0833 1,839.60 5167 9/16/1946 8/22/1988 894.99 1.0000 52.20 5336 9/15/1948 7/6/1987 6,032.45 2.0000 1,900.44 6692 8/17/1950 10/29/1986 1,575.90 3.0000 297.96 5290 12/4/1947 8/19/1970 1,915.37 19.2500 1,788.48 3908 2/18/1950 11/3/1986 1,311.19 3.0000 237.48 3119 8/8/1956 10/20/1986 3,599.70 3.0000 930.96 5779 12/23/1955 12/1/1986 1,930.17 3.0000 326.76 6605 5/26/1957 7/27/1987 1,433.38 2.0000 141.00 

B-83 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 7436 3/16/1958 7/18/1988 961.14 1.0000 39.00 8326 7/11/1966 2/22/1987 1,534.47 3.0000 183.48 5559 3/29/1955 11/9/1977 1,039.43 12.0000 343.68 2129 1/2/1959 7/26/1987 1,628.75 2.0000 148.44 6111 10/30/1963 4/26/1987 1,332.46 3.0000 153.36 1985 10/5/1965 5/7/1987 1,389.83 3.0000 162.60 6003 3/4/1959 8/10/1987 840.50 2.0000 45.36 6029 10/28/1958 10/31/1977 1,062.24 12.0000 340.20 0042 5/5/1963 8/28/1988 1,359.62 1.0000 63.12 4288 12/13/1960 10/23/1986 1,250.97 3.0000 117.72 7082 5/3/1963 11/11/1986 1,167.76 3.0000 110.40 5505 4/3/1933 5/20/1987 1,762.55 3.0000 363.96 1279 1/26/1969 7/25/1988 844.16 1.0000 18.00 830 1/30/1935 7/10/1978 1,041.01 11.0000 603.24 9566 2/19/1936 9/12/1967 1,107.14 22.1666 902.40 1938 12/18/1937 9/12/1983 955.97 6.0000 214.80 5179 8/20/1937 11/13/1978 1,093.02 11.0000 856.20 546 2/14/1944 9/28/1987 2,017.58 2.0000 341.40 5097 7/12/1945 5/23/1975 1,195.79 15.0000 855.84 6338 5/29/1946 8/14/1988 1,181.65 1.0000 82.20 5175 9/21/1947 1/9/1978 1,553.27 12.0000 1,048.08 0611 6/29/1952 8/17/1987 1,870.41 2.0000 255.12 5841 12/7/1959 4/25/1988 2,016.70 2.0000 250.44 5039 11/30/1955 12/12/1986 1,688.69 3.0000 356.16 4014 12/24/1962 12/3/1986 1,568.25 3.0000 187.56 2807 1/17/1964 5/17/1987 1,519.61 3.0000 203.28 1708 3/13/1965 6/2/1988 1,397.04 1.0000 58.80 2637 4/20/1958 11/20/1986 1,294.39 3.0000 130.32 6768 4/30/1960 9/2/1986 1,607.85 3.0000 180.84 6826 12/18/1963 9/25/1986 1,321.39 3.0000 164.04 3085 8/3/1959 10/13/1986 1,690.84 3.0000 244.44 1556 6/19/1967 4/19/1988 1,460.35 2.0000 182.40 3637 12/10/1962 1/16/1986 1,616.87 4.0000 384.36 6095 8/19/2023 2/22/1982 1,201.40 8.0000 586.92 4543 2/4/1964 8/8/1988 1,070.53 1.0000 50.04 7761 10/30/1967 9/28/1987 1,371.37 2.0000 117.84 5467 7/12/1963 12/1/1986 1,037.59 2.0000 51.72 0658 9/20/1965 8/18/1988 1,128.69 1.0000 49.32 4841 10/26/1967 6/24/1986 1,336.77 3.0000 141.36 5761 2/26/1967 8/13/1987 1,184.66 2.0000 80.76 9482 1/12/1935 3/23/1987 2,644.07 3.0000 853.56 9799 11/3/1937 7/13/1967 1,204.00 22.3333 1,279.56 5330 5/31/1942 5/17/1987 1,243.58 3.0000 321.96 6363 10/19/1940 10/18/1982 1,512.85 7.0000 594.00 2839 7/24/1944 8/7/1979 990.76 9.0000 375.12 4739 1/11/1941 5/27/1987 1,004.57 3.0000 175.20 7787 11/23/1945 9/6/1983 1,413.44 6.0000 512.64 B-84 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 7405 1/24/1948 8/29/1990 849.57 3.0000 174.12 0061 9/1/1946 5/1/1980 2,862.15 10.0000 2,503.56 4667 4/20/1950 8/17/1987 2,819.61 2.0000 566.64 9971 7/16/1949 5/18/1987 880.79 3.0000 93.60 0871 1/25/1948 7/31/1967 2,721.61 22.3333 3,466.20 1167 10/16/1949 5/31/1987 1,414.96 3.0000 342.12 1273 5/30/1949 9/22/1988 1,328.10 1.0000 117.24 296 12/29/1951 9/16/1987 889.84 2.0000 75.36 7598 6/14/1953 1/10/1984 1,323.08 16.2500 985.68 8011 6/6/1953 11/17/1988 1,214.59 1.0000 94.92 8918 7/27/1950 10/7/1986 2,055.12 3.0000 466.32 9407 1/26/1952 2/28/1978 1,642.20 15.3333 1,127.88 9648 2/6/1952 11/16/1986 1,557.37 3.0000 308.40 0666 11/27/1959 10/4/1983 1,308.51 6.0000 237.48 5938 8/12/1952 8/29/1983 885.78 6.0000 162.60 3978 8/31/1955 7/29/1986 844.54 3.0000 93.84 4290 11/10/1956 5/18/1987 1,663.63 3.0000 276.84 7919 6/22/1957 1/11/1987 1,192.43 3.0000 54.00 8046 3/15/1955 6/29/1988 1,251.79 1.0000 76.56 8220 1/16/1957 8/25/1986 1,225.80 3.0000 136.80 9031 1/16/1958 9/22/1987 1,224.69 2.0000 157.08 9421 7/16/1958 1/23/1987 1,604.53 3.0000 209.64 1568 9/1/1963 10/21/1982 1,982.60 7.0000 660.60 2193 6/14/1958 6/9/1983 1,558.86 6.0000 497.64 5075 9/29/1961 7/29/1985 1,068.10 4.0000 116.40 8228 11/3/1964 3/11/1987 1,594.02 3.0000 193.80 3046 11/19/1964 9/14/1987 904.05 2.0000 40.08 3555 10/11/1962 11/3/1986 1,154.58 3.0000 104.04 8254 12/13/1966 8/27/1986 927.96 3.0000 54.00 6544 2/16/1960 1/11/1987 1,823.15 3.0000 243.36 0571 7/29/1961 8/5/1987 1,132.06 2.0000 90.96 0120 10/13/1961 10/17/1985 1,416.63 4.0000 245.88 8840 2/9/1961 1/11/1987 1,614.90 3.0000 257.28 6523 12/10/1962 8/7/1988 1,338.92 1.0000 70.80 3562 4/10/1963 1/8/1987 1,514.22 3.0000 200.64 9761 5/24/1963 6/24/1985 1,428.07 4.0000 247.20 0027 12/1/1964 11/2/1986 1,656.82 3.0000 229.80 0308 1/6/1965 9/14/1988 1,610.69 4.0000 286.68 4284 1/21/2027 5/25/1961 1,094.19 29.0000 1,771.32 2167 3/14/1966 5/24/1988 942.85 2.0000 58.32 2005 9/28/2028 3/17/1981 1,152.58 9.0000 562.32 1641 11/11/1965 6/23/1986 1,160.79 3.0000 120.36 0036 1/5/1935 11/18/1986 1,471.39 3.0000 325.44 0144 7/25/1934 7/21/1986 981.05 3.0000 120.60 2114 6/6/1939 8/25/1986 1,930.35 3.0000 488.76 5173 3/8/1937 11/30/1986 1,315.69 3.0000 238.68 9056 12/12/1941 7/21/1986 1,233.43 3.0000 261.96 

B-85 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 0857 5/7/1941 10/18/1982 1,149.89 7.0000 525.00 2126 3/9/1941 9/7/1986 2,102.95 3.0000 550.32 9145 9/19/1942 11/13/1986 2,179.82 3.0000 709.92 8130 6/2/1945 4/8/1974 1,134.34 16.0000 743.76 7539 5/17/1948 8/22/1973 1,041.04 8.4166 416.88 8309 2/29/1948 8/25/1986 1,137.49 3.0000 162.12 8414 7/17/1948 8/3/1981 1,107.14 8.0000 539.16 0455 10/19/1948 7/13/1988 1,256.51 1.0000 90.36 1065 2/20/1955 9/25/1986 1,528.20 3.0000 213.36 1457 11/12/1951 5/13/1987 1,382.81 3.0000 272.16 1670 1/17/1952 7/20/1988 1,071.73 1.0000 53.64 0140 8/6/1953 9/2/1986 2,071.06 2.0000 289.20 0335 8/19/1951 12/7/1986 1,480.16 3.0000 242.88 0618 10/2/1951 11/24/1986 1,018.63 3.0000 143.28 0710 5/30/1954 7/17/1985 1,203.99 4.0000 187.32 1257 5/27/1954 7/17/1977 2,028.65 12.0000 1,192.68 2116 3/21/1959 8/7/1988 1,674.88 1.0000 121.08 5530 1/12/1954 8/11/1986 1,200.49 3.0000 171.48 6220 7/25/1949 11/16/1986 1,527.69 3.0000 283.80 8825 2/8/1954 10/15/1986 1,407.92 3.0000 233.16 0853 1/17/1957 8/25/1986 1,235.01 3.0000 130.32 1311 12/22/1955 2/18/1976 1,123.99 14.0000 612.96 1364 3/7/1955 7/20/1988 1,298.78 1.0000 80.16 1644 3/22/1956 8/8/1984 1,576.90 4.0000 324.24 1720 7/30/1955 2/11/1987 1,095.67 3.0000 150.72 1887 1/12/1959 1/27/1983 1,871.89 7.0000 587.04 2228 5/31/1953 8/31/1982 968.39 7.0000 237.84 4765 1/27/1962 9/21/1987 672.59 2.0000 36.00 5122 12/19/1956 5/7/1986 1,402.65 4.0000 270.36 5410 5/18/1958 1/12/1987 1,033.85 3.0000 124.32 7319 1/8/1960 3/8/1987 1,139.47 3.0000 95.16 7457 12/11/1958 9/28/1979 1,349.39 10.0000 447.60 8846 10/11/1960 5/13/1987 1,312.65 3.0000 212.16 8862 12/20/1959 9/11/1985 1,010.70 4.0000 129.84 3285 9/16/1957 9/14/1987 1,030.86 2.0000 76.44 1602 5/24/1961 1/6/1986 1,288.69 4.0000 198.60 3885 3/3/1962 6/17/1986 1,246.62 3.0000 128.16 9354 1/28/1966 6/3/1987 1,532.57 2.0000 124.32 4719 10/18/1961 7/30/1987 1,260.95 2.0000 117.84 8902 7/3/1963 8/27/1986 1,198.90 3.0000 117.84 8919 5/10/1961 7/21/1986 1,366.82 3.0000 181.32 8964 7/3/1963 11/18/1986 1,078.54 3.0000 93.00 0574 10/4/1963 10/20/1986 1,582.99 3.0000 214.92 4680 6/8/1961 8/11/1986 1,197.10 3.0000 150.96 6467 2/27/1960 10/16/1978 1,095.25 9.0000 316.32 8087 11/20/1963 8/25/1986 1,411.46 3.0000 131.64 0189 10/25/1963 8/5/1987 1,023.37 2.0000 73.92 B-86 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 6902 1/19/1967 10/12/1986 1,494.18 3.0000 161.04 0805 11/15/1966 11/17/1986 834.31 3.0000 70.80 2447 7/4/1933 7/21/1986 975.88 3.0000 107.16 6217 11/18/1939 3/14/1977 794.96 20.3333 365.88 1136 8/15/1938 1/19/1987 1,256.59 3.0000 242.76 2164 8/4/1941 1/18/1987 1,373.64 3.0000 327.60 4034 5/6/1944 10/14/1979 1,614.67 10.0000 1,042.80 9755 5/20/1941 7/22/1987 1,231.47 2.0000 200.04 0489 8/21/1949 10/20/1986 1,535.26 3.0000 286.44 0721 5/9/1947 8/8/1977 2,784.44 12.0000 2,617.80 2341 8/12/1944 8/10/1987 1,884.04 2.0000 352.92 1834 4/18/1951 5/27/1986 1,282.65 4.0000 280.68 1953 1/27/1952 5/17/1984 1,012.50 6.0000 248.76 4519 5/24/1953 7/7/1975 3,921.80 14.3333 4,135.80 7860 6/5/1954 7/28/1975 1,832.20 14.3333 1,063.68 0378 1/30/1956 10/25/1982 1,193.60 12.0000 408.60 1015 6/30/1956 5/16/1983 783.75 7.0000 126.00 2545 10/28/1954 1/21/1982 1,113.49 8.0000 275.76 2860 3/16/1956 10/1/1986 1,720.69 3.0000 277.32 3510 11/25/1956 8/25/1986 1,331.94 3.0000 255.72 3705 9/4/1957 8/23/1987 1,262.80 2.0000 117.96 4037 7/30/1957 10/12/1986 1,888.34 3.0000 350.64 7800 8/1/1956 12/30/1986 1,293.37 3.0000 159.72 8274 6/28/1964 2/15/1987 1,746.77 3.0000 235.80 8298 1/23/1966 10/29/1987 1,126.28 2.0000 69.96 8615 7/20/1959 2/16/1987 1,341.39 3.0000 169.80 3315 8/18/1960 11/24/1986 982.36 3.0000 89.88 2601 9/23/1958 9/4/1986 1,333.78 3.0000 360.84 9723 6/21/1957 5/21/1987 1,257.20 3.0000 172.20 0901 3/11/1958 4/11/1988 1,211.47 3.0000 158.04 2525 10/29/1967 11/16/1986 1,273.65 3.0000 105.72 5342 2/16/1960 1/25/1987 1,144.02 3.0000 115.68 0804 5/29/1962 7/9/1981 1,240.10 8.0000 284.04 1489 4/23/1961 10/22/1986 1,368.95 3.0000 161.52 8277 5/16/1963 8/6/1986 1,055.59 2.0000 36.84 5425 3/19/1964 11/17/1988 1,212.60 1.0000 83.28 8242 10/20/1966 4/23/1987 1,724.05 3.0000 201.84 8979 9/6/2029 9/25/1986 1,337.88 3.0000 455.64 7711 9/14/1968 11/25/1986 883.38 3.0000 136.32 8445 6/7/1967 9/20/1987 1,267.43 2.0000 77.40 2979 1/25/1966 7/30/1987 1,163.99 2.0000 93.12 2950 1/28/1945 9/19/1979 933.31 8.4166 400.56 1616 3/22/1946 4/21/1981 1,311.60 9.0000 625.44 2944 9/11/1946 1/18/1987 1,358.50 3.0000 322.92 0519 7/31/1951 10/19/1987 5,677.68 2.0000 1,552.20 5210 12/22/1948 8/10/1988 8,579.11 1.0000 1,500.24 8288 3/17/1948 1/10/1972 1,944.57 18.0000 1,663.44 

B-87 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 3763 6/24/1949 3/3/1986 3,965.39 4.0000 1,832.64 566 8/22/1961 9/29/1986 906.81 3.0000 67.20 5567 4/24/1961 1/11/1987 1,489.49 3.0000 189.72 2343 11/29/1965 8/26/1986 1,005.03 3.0000 90.60 6325 10/16/1965 4/27/1987 946.38 3.0000 90.48 4983 6/3/1968 1/22/1987 1,428.37 3.0000 235.20 5476 3/28/1967 12/7/1986 1,575.07 3.0000 187.92 8654 6/16/1968 7/28/1986 1,401.77 3.0000 138.72 0407 8/8/1967 8/30/1987 1,088.45 2.0000 60.96 270 10/7/1938 7/16/1963 1,211.34 26.3333 1,322.52 8430 12/1/1941 5/25/1959 2,217.31 31.0000 2,754.24 9007 12/26/1941 5/22/1980 916.65 10.0000 551.52 4870 9/4/1940 5/2/1983 2,263.48 7.0000 1,465.56 4732 8/6/1946 7/29/1968 2,016.42 21.3333 2,206.56 0046 6/1/1946 8/22/1978 1,407.72 11.0000 874.80 012 9/16/1948 11/21/1988 3,864.35 1.0000 637.80 3158 11/30/1950 6/3/1968 3,793.82 21.4166 5,258.04 3994 3/17/1949 3/9/1987 1,815.71 3.0000 459.48 4316 9/13/1950 9/11/1986 1,879.96 3.0000 408.24 5285 8/2/1950 8/11/1987 1,104.17 2.0000 122.52 3232 4/13/1952 12/12/1979 2,203.67 10.0000 1,277.40 3753 5/6/1952 1/11/1987 1,676.73 3.0000 327.48 9395 11/19/1951 9/4/1986 1,519.90 3.0000 247.92 262 9/6/1954 3/2/1975 1,275.19 15.0000 672.24 6824 6/8/1955 8/25/1988 1,231.10 1.0000 83.04 0107 12/18/1955 11/2/1986 1,518.31 3.0000 223.08 0941 1/16/1955 6/11/1986 1,634.19 3.0000 260.88 1068 3/30/1956 8/23/1983 760.35 5.0000 143.28 256 8/7/1954 12/1/1986 1,099.10 3.0000 130.44 7999 3/19/1957 5/22/1984 1,253.49 8.0000 382.68 1607 9/30/1959 5/24/1982 1,429.57 8.0000 411.24 8125 4/15/1962 8/17/1987 1,097.18 2.0000 76.44 3930 10/27/1967 4/23/1987 1,679.20 3.0000 208.08 4057 7/16/1969 8/27/1987 1,286.28 2.0000 84.36 3081 9/1/1947 7/21/1986 1,155.62 3.0000 207.60 1402 10/12/1942 1/14/1987 1,188.36 3.0000 54.00 2957 10/12/1947 8/22/1988 3,365.72 1.0000 426.24 5382 5/25/1949 11/8/1973 1,535.73 16.0000 1,092.84 1926 8/1/1941 7/29/1980 1,508.86 9.0000 1,009.92 2711 2/18/1953 10/22/1986 1,584.76 3.0000 271.32 5840 2/8/1956 10/6/1980 1,809.47 9.0000 801.84 6679 11/16/1943 11/3/1986 989.15 3.0000 113.76 6854 3/24/1949 8/24/1987 1,098.45 2.0000 122.16 632 11/27/1961 5/14/1987 2,456.78 3.0000 448.20 2645 10/7/1939 5/21/1980 1,537.92 10.0000 1,342.92 4155 5/31/1947 6/23/1986 1,200.61 3.0000 262.92 0375 11/18/1945 10/17/1988 6,050.32 1.0000 959.76 B-88 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 4027 5/16/1939 10/11/1983 1,209.95 6.0000 477.48 0147 6/29/1936 4/21/1987 1,038.27 3.0000 165.72 107 4/16/1954 11/24/1986 844.29 3.0000 66.00 6831 8/23/1964 10/20/1986 1,283.31 3.0000 123.60 3937 2/3/1941 9/12/1983 1,074.08 6.0000 386.04 280 1/30/1955 7/9/1986 776.96 3.0000 54.00 349 3/14/1958 8/29/1983 1,547.82 6.0000 425.16 9353 8/11/1930 8/15/1978 1,247.04 11.0000 1,407.00 4835 12/4/1940 4/7/1986 1,038.06 4.0000 218.16 640 5/10/1947 1/6/1987 2,033.55 3.0000 588.00 0777 1/18/1951 9/14/1988 1,284.09 3.0000 220.32 9893 6/3/1932 8/25/1987 896.57 2.0000 83.52 2417 8/15/1930 9/12/1983 1,279.39 6.0000 523.08 4264 10/27/1939 7/28/1986 3,640.79 3.0000 1,367.40 9848 8/28/1961 11/4/1980 1,771.79 9.0000 646.80 8093 10/12/1967 7/25/1988 1,050.00 1.0000 44.52 8557 2/9/1968 6/3/1986 1,051.60 3.0000 78.96 1247 11/22/1943 7/16/1986 743.00 3.0000 75.24 976 9/9/1953 5/12/1975 1,214.52 15.0000 717.24 9041 8/6/1967 4/15/1987 1,248.12 3.0000 143.52 1394 10/22/1961 6/16/1986 1,187.97 3.0000 147.12 1134 10/16/1961 10/27/1987 1,412.18 2.0000 132.60 5210 12/20/1939 4/23/1981 985.17 9.0000 430.44 5868 5/16/1960 8/11/1987 915.75 2.0000 64.32 3731 1/17/1960 7/9/1986 1,044.22 3.0000 96.76 7404 11/30/1933 12/1/1988 5,269.10 1.0000 823.68 6902 3/11/1951 5/23/1983 1,271.78 7.0000 530.28 2741 12/4/1960 11/2/1987 1,231.56 2.0000 84.36 9790 10/10/1964 5/4/1987 1,401.19 3.0000 149.28 5110 8/28/1968 6/11/1986 1,022.12 3.0000 96.48 9496 6/21/1954 8/14/1985 973.64 4.0000 112.92 7276 4/12/1953 1/26/1984 1,185.83 6.0000 313.20 6420 7/23/1967 7/25/1988 1,081.76 1.0000 40.32 8181 3/9/1965 10/27/1982 973.23 7.0000 145.92 1754 10/29/1957 5/23/1988 914.59 2.0000 65.64 6695 1/16/1948 8/18/1982 1,096.90 7.0000 376.56 9305 8/8/1957 5/16/1988 1,093.27 2.0000 81.96 3885 4/15/1961 3/30/1987 1,372.65 3.0000 176.04 2493 9/30/1968 8/22/1988 863.98 1.0000 34.08 2472 12/11/1956 6/23/1986 1,178.64 3.0000 146.64 3504 1/24/1960 2/27/1980 1,251.80 10.0000 492.24 3746 11/9/1968 2/10/1987 1,083.04 3.0000 103.56 5547 3/16/1966 5/16/1988 1,187.46 2.0000 95.04 2427 1/26/1934 6/7/1976 1,397.08 13.4166 1,862.40 2175 1/11/1955 8/26/1985 1,173.83 4.0000 185.40 7738 10/9/1966 7/11/1984 1,270.76 5.0000 165.24 034 1/28/1963 1/18/1987 1,219.00 3.0000 118.44 

B-89 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 3114 9/8/1961 3/12/1987 1,086.99 3.0000 133.56 7693 3/18/1966 10/5/1988 1,301.20 1.0000 75.12 0265 9/10/1951 3/2/1981 5,760.62 9.0000 5,709.48 6398 12/24/1933 1/14/1980 1,093.18 10.0000 550.20 9401 11/7/1939 6/16/1988 932.49 1.0000 62.64 7050 12/16/1947 1/2/1979 2,664.95 8.4166 1,834.44 5528 1/16/1961 2/10/1986 1,198.58 4.0000 228.96 7561 4/11/1962 8/8/1988 1,017.47 4.0000 100.92 790 2/1/1946 9/24/1987 850.93 2.0000 111.60 8498 6/25/1958 9/2/1987 1,431.45 2.0000 165.72 6705 12/4/1940 6/6/1987 3,730.88 2.0000 946 44 412 7/2/1939 10/4/1982 1,278.98 7.0000 713.16 0869 11/9/1933 8/6/1969 940.68 20.2500 818.40 3 12 10/16/1938 1/15/1979 1,995.40 11.0000 20,006.04 8629 7/14/1948 8/12/1985 3,522.35 4.0000 1,541.04 2979 11/12/1950 9/17/1986 982.45 3.0000 132.60 5259 6/17/1962 7/23/1990 1,104.05 6.0000 155.64 7826 6/24/1944 5/2/1988 1,243.69 2.0000 161.64 7385 5/15/1945 1/10/1983 1,935.83 7.0000 1,050.72 2673 10/1/1950 11/3/1986 3,897.79 3.0000 1,303.80 6350 2/6/1948 10/26/1970 1,425.33 19.0833 1,242.84 7875 2/4/1952 10/20/1986 3,946.76 3.0000 1,236.60 7611 2/27/1952 9/3/1986 1,065.80 7.0000 128.28 8903 3/31/1964 8/29/1988 718.39 1.0000 18.00 3024 10/18/1963 9/17/1986 1,564.61 3.0000 204.60 9294 9/4/1966 8/31/1987 897.47 2.0000 39.48 4919 8/9/1964 5/17/1987 1,365.92 3.0000 180.00 0847 1/4/1937 8/31/1987 1,067.45 2.0000 173.52 4466 6/22/1932 4/11/1974 995.81 8.4166 715.92 4130 6/8/1961 7/29/1987 917.78 2.0000 51.72 7861 7/21/1960 11/1/1979 1,298.42 10.0000 471.72 7084 6/12/1962 9/1/1988 1,805.05 1.0000 124.80 9583 10/1/1962 10/13/1986 1,044.18 3.0000 109.80 4397 1/29/1931 4/15/1978 5,068.40 8.4166 6,612.60 9844 3/4/1959 9/1/1982 1,480.43 7.0000 381.00 2768 8/24/1948 11/21/1988 4,508.43 1.0000 754.44 9072 11/26/1948 6/21/1976 4,708.87 13.4166 5,991.36 5492 8/15/1960 8/24/1988 1,029.83 1.0000 56.76 5610 5/14/1946 1/15/1979 1,549.38 8.4166 834.00 3184 10/3/1945 11/10/1986 1,211.01 3.0000 284.76 7210 12/4/1953 6/25/1985 1,780.51 4.0000 366.12 4045 8/11/1936 9/1/1977 6,217.90 12.0000 12,234.00 1669 9/18/1953 1/1/1989 97,700.76 1.0000 1,206.96 5225 4/8/1955 8/27/1981 1,240.24 8.0000 424.92 3022 12/17/1934 8/8/1984 750.36 5.0000 203.88 9624 5/28/1955 10/25/1974 1,791.73 15.0833 1,233.24 4559 7/18/1951 6/2/1986 1,273.26 3.0000 220.32 B-90 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire Monthly Final Average Pay 11/30/1989 Credited Service 11/30/1989 Annual Accrued Benefit 6878 11/15/1937 1/22/1987 1,385.67 3.0000 305.16 0099 1/8/1949 7/8/1985 1,086.95 4.0000 222.96 5212 7/12/1957 8/8/1977 1,220.34 12.0000 534.96 2151 9/20/1946 1/1/1988 12,648.86 2.0000 4,766.76 0873 5/13/1958 4/29/1987 1,182.31 3.0000 125.28 1588 3/26/1952 9/12/1978 1,366.32 11.0000 596.64 2030 5/15/1948 8/1/1985 1,053.80 4.0000 224.52 9200 7/7/1952 6/21/1988 1,149.30 1.0000 106.20 DM_US 58903067-6.076961.0011 

C-1 SUPPLEMENT C Provisions Relating to Certain Former Participants of Champion Products, Inc. Retirement Plan C-1. Introduction. As reflected in Supplement A to the Hanesbrands Inc. Pension Plan (the Plan ), effective as of the end of the day on December 31, 2005, certain assets and liabilities of the assets of the Sara Lee Consolidated Pension and Retirement Plan (the SLC Plan were transferred to this Plan, as described in subsection 1.1 of the Plan. Participation and benefit accrual under this Plan were frozen effective as of the beginning of the day on January 1, 2006, as described more fully in the Plan, and the following provisions of this Supplement are subject to, and are to be interpreted consistently with, that freezing of participation and benefits. Champion Products, Inc. Champion previously maintained the Champion Products, Inc. Retirement Plan (the Champion Plan and was a subsidiary of Sara Lee Corporation. Effective on or about July 1, 1993 (the Merger Date ), the Champion Plan was merged into the SLC Plan. This Supplement C relates to participants in the Champion Plan prior to July 1, 1993 (the Champion Participants ). As a result of the transfer of assets and liabilities from the SLC Plan to the Plan, benefits that were being paid or were eligible to be paid to or on behalf of Champion Participants shall be paid from the Plan on and after January 1, 2006, at the same time, and in the same manner and form as would have been paid under the Champion Plan and the SLC Plan, subject to the terms of the Plan as modified by this Supplement C. C-2. Participation. Each Champion Participant became a participant in the Plan on January 1, 2006. Eligibility and benefits for Champion Participants shall be determined under the Plan as modified by this Supplement. For purposes of eligibility, a Champion Participant shall be credited with all service for Champion. C-3. Amount of Champion Participant s Benefit at Normal Retirement Date. At retirement under the Plan on or after Normal Retirement Date, a Champion Participant shall be entitled to a monthly benefit under the Plan, payable in the single life annuity form, consisting of the following: (a) A monthly Retirement Benefit determined under the SLBA Benefits Part of the SLC Plan, based upon such Participant s Credited Service from and after July 1, 1993 as described in Section 5 of the Plan; plus (b) An additional amount of monthly benefit (the Champion Benefit ), equal to the amount of monthly benefit accrued for such Participant under the Champion Plan as of June 30, 1993 in accordance with the provisions of the Champion Plan as in effect on that date. C-2 The amount of each Champion Participant s Champion Benefit and credited service under the Champion Plan as of June 30, 1993 is set forth on the schedule attached to and forming a part of this Supplement; provided, however, if the Plan Administrator determines that any amount set forth in such schedule has been incorrectly calculated, for whatever reason, the correct amount shall be the amount payable or credited to such Participant, notwithstanding the inclusion of such incorrect amount on the schedule. In no event shall a Champion Participant s accrued benefit be less than his or her accrued benefit under the Champion Plan as of June 30, 1993. C-4. Champion Participant s Benefit at Early Commencement Date. If a Champion Participant becomes eligible to receive a monthly benefit under the Plan before Normal Retirement Date in accordance with subsection 5.3 or 5.5 of the Plan, such benefit shall include the amount of such Participant s Champion Benefit. If any benefit becomes payable before such Participant attains age 65 years, the full amount of the Participant s Champion Benefit determined pursuant to paragraph C-3 shall be reduced in accordance with subsection 5.3 of the Plan. C-5. Form of Payment of Champion Benefit. Subject to subsection 6.2 of the Plan, a Champion Participant s full benefit determined under paragraph C-3 shall be payable in any form otherwise available to a Plan Participant with a Retirement Benefit, subject to the provisions of Section 6 of the Plan. For purposes of converting to an optional form of benefit, benefits shall be valued in accordance with the actuarial assumptions set forth in Tables I and II of the Plan; provided, however, that in no event shall a Champion Participant s Champion Benefit as of June 30, 1993 (converted to an optional form of payment pursuant to Table I or II, as applicable) be less than the Champion Benefit as of June 30, 1993 (converted to an optional form of payment under the actuarial assumptions set forth in Exhibit I to this Supplement). C-6. Disability Retirement Benefit. A Champion Participant shall continue to be eligible for disability retirement benefits pursuant to Section 4.4 of the Champion Plan on and after the Merger Date. The amount of a Champion Participant s disability retirement benefit shall be based on the Champion Participant s entire benefit determined under paragraph C-3. For purposes of determining eligibility for a disability retirement benefit, a Champion Participant shall receive credit for service credited under the Plan on and after July 1, 1993. The amount of a Champion Participant s disability retirement benefit determined under paragraph C-3(b) shall be payable as provided in Section 4.4 of the Champion Plan and without reduction for commencement before the Normal Retirement Date. The amount of a Champion Participant s disability retirement benefit determined under paragraph C-3(a) shall be paid in the same form and at the same time as the disability retirement benefit described in the preceding sentence, but shall be reduced for commencement before the Normal Retirement Date pursuant to subsection 5.3 of the Plan and, if benefits commence before the Participant s age 55, in accordance with the actuarial assumptions described in subsection 2.1 of the Plan. A Champion Participant s disability benefit shall cease with the last monthly payment payable prior to such Participant s death or recovery from disability, whichever is the earlier to occur. 

C-3 C-7. Death Benefits. If a Champion Participant dies before payment of any benefit (including disability benefits) to which such Participant is entitled under this Supplement and the Plan, a death benefit, determined and payable in accordance with subsection 5.6 or 5.7, as applicable, of the Plan, and including such Participant s Champion Benefit, shall be payable to such Participant s surviving Spouse or beneficiary, as determined in accordance with subsection 5.6 or 5.7 of the Plan. C-8. Limitations. Except to the extent expressly provided herein, the benefits provided pursuant to this Supplement C for a Champion Participant on account of participation under the Champion Plan are subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan. Unless specified otherwise, terms used in this Supplement C which are defined in the Plan are intended to have the same meanings as given them in said Plan. C-4 EXHIBIT I TO SUPPLEMENT C Champion Plan Actuarial Assumptions Actuarial Equivalent shall be based on the following assumptions: I. Mortality Participants: UP-1984 Mortality Table Beneficiaries: UP-1984 Mortality Table set back three years A Participant eligible for Disability Retirement as defined in Section 3.4 of the Champion Plan shall be deemed to be age 65 regardless of his actual age. Participants and Beneficiaries who are older than age 65 shall be deemed to remain at their respective ages as of the date when the Participant attained age 65. II. Interest 6 per annum 

C-5 SCHEDULE TO SUPPLEMENT C Champion Participants Benefits as of June 30, 1993 Champion Retirement Plan Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 9606 19284 04/09/62 02/01/90 3.4167 539.05 7744 35344 03/17/61 03/01/92 1.3333 99.00 8609 3181 05/08/61 08/01/86 6.9167 1,308.05 4921 34934 07/16/48 08/01/72 20.9167 285.13 7110 6263 01/02/32 04/01/80 13.2500 1,071.97 5338 4241 05/05/54 05/01/77 16.1667 6,559.62 8336 10271 10/26/53 12/01/88 4.5833 410.00 3052 11245 03/02/41 09/01/86 6.8333 1,907.03 7761 10321 05/19/51 01/01/89 4.5000 437.82 1684 16307 11/26/35 10/01/90 2.7500 225.71 0896 5952 11/18/43 04/01/81 12.2500 1,673.57 7154 34298 08/20/67 04/01/91 2.2500 297.17 8325 24857 12/18/70 03/01/92 1.3333 17.81 9264 13137 07/01/42 10/01/73 19.7500 18,344.10 7114 9293 07/05/31 03/01/89 4.3333 1,629.48 4862 33146 12/21/37 05/01/92 1.1667 65.76 9836 13168 10/24/38 01/01/71 22.5000 33,495.10 2488 5284 11/03/53 11/01/77 15.6667 4,957.12 0599 24862 08/05/56 03/01/92 1.3333 64.81 3396 3155 07/11/44 08/01/88 4.9167 551.75 7698 15109 12/21/43 09/01/89 3.8333 379.46 7449 0 10/01/35 01/01/79 14.5000 18,761.89 1788 33140 04/03/44 04/01/92 1.2500 24.09 0490 11423 10/01/52 11/01/87 5.6667 1,915.57 2474 34304 08/15/58 05/01/91 2.1667 1,929.82 4583 7851 06/03/46 02/01/88 5.4167 4,684.05 6684 0 03/01/27 06/01/77 16.0833 6,016.69 7322 4988 06/12/41 12/01/88 4.5833 1,101.79 7400 17917 10/01/65 01/01/92 1.5000 2.47 6275 1500 12/29/62 07/01/88 5.0000 703.68 0334 12111 09/21/49 09/01/86 6.8333 1,124.19 4990 17899 05/04/33 11/01/90 2.6667 336.95 5714 7005 10/27/45 02/01/86 7.4167 1,208.96 8988 246701 01/01/69 03/01/91 2.3333 157.56 8900 13158 12/31/46 09/01/77 15.8333 18,729.24 9115 10901 12/09/46 03/01/89 4.3333 856.76 7465 3254 12/31/53 07/01/83 10.0000 1,649.86 3694 27185 07/24/52 04/01/91 2.2500 501.03 5118 27219 08/25/48 08/01/91 1.9167 67.22 6334 5435 07/28/62 04/01/86 7.2500 1,090.35 6415 7832 08/06/49 12/01/87 5.5833 538.80 6440 297 09/02/59 11/01/88 4.6667 463.86 6606 2231 04/01/49 04/01/83 10.2500 1,316.22 6696 17196 03/10/49 09/01/90 2.8333 172.68 6974 7907 01/13/52 08/01/80 12.9167 2,720.65 7030 2223 11/18/50 08/01/69 23.9167 2,938.82 7153 27123 08/19/53 12/01/90 2.5833 218.08 7171 4125 11/18/50 01/01/70 23.5000 6,891.21 9987 8145 03/08/51 09/01/86 6.8333 839.88 6472 7833 11/09/64 12/01/87 5.5833 1,626.38 8422 0 03/01/54 10/01/81 11.7500 1,941.83 2223 6510 01/14/56 02/01/76 17.4167 2,539.07 6245 2753 12/28/58 11/01/87 5.6667 1,516.87 3836 9378 05/16/63 06/01/84 9.0833 1,218.91 9479 7279 08/10/59 11/01/81 11.6667 2,467.40 5243 8285 05/26/61 10/01/86 6.7500 874.79 5343 3422 04/16/67 06/01/86 7.0833 875.49 5024 0 11/01/68 02/01/87 6.4167 604.64 1504 5028 10/21/29 09/01/70 22.8333 2,859.71 8071 12034 06/24/52 03/01/86 7.3333 2,993.96 5720 24787 03/31/55 09/01/91 1.8333 80.94 4999 4869 01/02/59 06/01/78 15.0833 398.08 8391 3176 12/05/58 05/01/84 9.1667 1,715.10 4144 3322 07/14/60 09/01/88 4.8333 588.91 C-6 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 7398 0 11/12/58 08/01/88 4.9167 428.79 0451 3469 08/22/62 03/01/83 10.3333 1,546.72 7351 3097 09/19/65 09/01/87 5.8333 655.27 0083 24848 08/24/65 02/01/92 1.4167 75.74 4105 24794 06/03/71 09/01/91 1.8333 57.41 4576 1601 01/04/63 04/01/87 6.2500 949.62 4602 34341 05/21/52 03/01/92 1.3333 100.05 4893 2412 11/24/50 03/01/87 6.3333 1,393.56 9818 7358 02/21/65 03/01/90 3.3333 41.94 5616 8106 04/02/58 06/01/87 6.0833 2,101.27 6103 27351 11/23/59 03/01/92 1.3333 77.02 6159 1138 04/22/72 06/01/90 3.0833 77.21 6257 15447 04/18/64 10/01/89 3.7500 488.00 0112 1967 07/09/63 07/01/88 5.0000 731.10 5031 0 05/23/64 04/01/85 8.2500 860.62 6201 0 02/01/53 08/01/82 10.9167 1,488.72 2297 5055 11/09/63 01/01/89 4.5000 1,304.52 4216 0 05/01/30 08/01/64 28.9167 32,819.89 5418 8094 11/17/34 02/01/88 5.4167 1,169.60 6032 8890 08/27/32 11/01/70 22.6667 5,002.37 6651 0 11/01/31 09/01/65 27.8333 6,971.12 6688 7607 04/07/34 06/01/87 6.0833 1,022.21 6769 3348 02/03/32 07/01/85 8.0000 1,152.77 7188 137 06/09/31 02/01/83 10.4167 1,577.14 3089 1670 05/24/35 04/01/81 12.2500 1,629.69 4280 8095 09/10/34 06/01/72 21.0833 3,193.84 7043 5608 07/08/64 08/01/85 7.9167 1,062.77 1535 724 03/10/61 07/01/82 11.0000 1,710.42 3384 0 09/01/63 07/01/82 11.0000 1,184.28 8360 6190 10/05/54 01/01/80 13.5000 2,588.04 1190 27239 03/01/67 09/01/91 1.8333 87.78 2763 0 10/01/36 08/01/84 8.9167 1,005.84 2909 13171 05/18/41 04/01/64 29.2500 44,805.76 7475 325 06/08/40 10/01/59 33.7500 5,581.88 8014 8761 05/07/42 02/01/73 20.4167 2,874.38 8109 0 06/01/42 12/01/80 12.5833 1,799.34 8198 8950 05/18/42 01/01/77 16.5000 2,381.95 8417 15394 09/19/42 09/01/89 3.8333 404.28 8523 99 06/22/40 03/01/88 5.3333 564.52 8817 2533 09/05/41 11/01/75 17.6667 2,567.72 6737 15590 09/29/60 02/01/90 3.4167 498.32 7593 6889 02/02/59 08/01/85 7.9167 1,177.99 7851 27319 05/20/70 11/01/91 1.6667 76.38 9247 27109 03/26/65 11/01/90 2.6667 231.37 3897 17251 07/13/68 10/01/90 2.7500 418.45 6421 97 12/30/33 03/01/88 5.3333 910.15 6444 299 11/24/34 04/01/88 5.2500 512.57 9927 1687 09/15/33 05/01/79 14.1667 1,809.62 8423 8692 11/12/40 01/01/72 21.5000 8,204.36 2228 3860 08/08/44 12/01/74 18.5833 23,044.37 3931 1606 09/14/43 07/01/68 25.0000 4,741.90 5421 5084 08/05/50 07/01/76 17.0000 2,094.53 3261 0 04/01/57 05/01/84 9.1667 1,075.49 2571 2098 01/26/61 02/01/88 5.4167 926.08 1081 3426 12/22/61 07/01/80 13.0000 1,964.48 2547 0 10/01/60 03/01/87 6.3333 2,399.47 5750 6707 02/14/57 05/01/89 4.1667 149.52 1210 0 05/01/63 08/01/82 10.9167 1,491.24 8895 4891 07/19/60 05/01/79 14.1667 2,212.96 1127 15360 10/02/71 08/01/89 3.9167 234.71 7922 27371 04/30/71 06/01/92 1.0833 74.53 9357 24686 05/22/69 11/01/90 2.6667 187.67 0028 7895 02/09/35 02/01/75 18.4167 3,503.26 1409 5186 04/14/35 01/01/60 33.5000 4,822.98 6769 8618 04/24/36 04/01/71 22.2500 3,296.35 2823 13061 09/24/42 06/01/81 12.0833 4,767.81 9365 13160 08/30/41 01/01/70 23.5000 8,072.16 1551 10880 09/22/52 02/01/89 4.4167 1,355.90 0060 8470 09/17/56 12/01/78 14.5833 3,030.22 2211 8732 04/08/68 07/01/90 3.0000 396.37 9369 6820 01/15/54 11/01/88 4.6667 1,159.23 9451 3005 02/05/59 04/01/87 6.2500 1,041.54 1171 0 03/01/61 08/01/79 13.9167 1,858.73 1932 0 06/01/63 06/01/84 9.0833 1,256.01 3409 15606 05/31/68 02/01/90 3.4167 296.75 1387 2130 09/26/65 12/01/89 3.5833 404.09 9660 15307 07/17/72 09/01/90 2.8333 64.38 7456 1992 10/10/45 12/01/80 12.5833 1,538.28 4688 1097 10/25/56 05/01/78 15.1667 2,136.36 5766 6677 09/10/50 04/01/89 4.2500 540.74 

C-7 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 3366 13097 12/22/54 10/01/79 13.7500 16,573.64 4455 15681 11/22/59 05/01/90 3.1667 348.57 7690 18987 02/25/63 09/01/90 2.8333 106.82 6653 6193 02/16/63 08/01/85 7.9167 1,354.80 4626 24704 11/10/61 04/01/91 2.2500 150.38 1023 34347 10/22/66 04/01/92 1.2500 190.00 5642 27331 11/22/69 12/01/91 1.5833 48.31 3864 0 11/01/18 09/01/62 30.8333 5,595.09 1158 5568 02/12/37 05/01/78 15.1667 1,947.97 3018 27102 09/14/40 11/01/90 2.6667 219.53 8855 27377 05/02/42 06/01/92 1.0833 206.00 4367 1837 05/13/45 03/01/82 11.3333 1,785.37 5728 0 12/01/51 04/01/87 6.2500 1,079.94 9271 1202 02/24/48 05/01/87 6.1667 738.59 3072 8399 07/13/49 06/01/80 13.0833 1,552.73 1072 0 02/01/66 06/01/85 8.0833 1,397.43 1295 24822 12/29/53 10/01/91 1.7500 62.76 1362 15132 01/23/56 10/01/89 3.7500 492.78 1487 15065 08/24/53 08/01/89 3.9167 453.44 2302 34309 09/22/54 07/01/91 2.0000 83.99 4526 0 03/01/52 11/01/75 17.6667 1,891.85 4640 7375 02/12/53 05/01/73 20.1667 3,353.66 1206 24888 10/22/62 06/01/92 1.0833 59.58 0432 0 09/01/63 02/01/86 7.4167 242.74 0828 7354 08/08/68 03/01/90 3.3333 366.73 0909 24806 07/06/72 09/01/91 1.8333 90.67 5023 9700 04/20/66 05/01/87 6.1667 1,015.44 6268 6984 08/05/71 07/01/89 4.0000 249.30 0184 3464 06/04/33 09/01/69 23.8333 3,841.07 3731 15279 03/31/56 09/01/90 2.8333 759.76 0963 16527 02/22/65 08/01/91 1.9167 73.15 4030 17137 03/11/71 07/01/90 3.0000 236.28 2898 0 01/01/27 04/01/57 36.2500 5,199.82 7819 6102 09/30/28 10/01/71 21.7500 4,487.76 8104 4758 01/11/28 01/01/70 23.5000 3,003.68 7640 8783 06/05/37 06/01/80 13.0833 1,729.86 7710 1333 07/02/41 05/01/83 10.1667 2,223.71 7745 15720 02/26/38 06/01/90 3.0833 385.00 8180 8878 05/18/36 12/01/86 6.5833 1,017.28 8643 3600 10/05/39 09/01/68 24.8333 3,919.04 8840 7258 03/08/40 09/01/68 24.8333 5,576.69 9044 13179 10/15/41 10/01/69 23.7500 9,776.07 1081 0 07/01/48 02/01/68 25.4167 910.40 6372 34889 07/25/48 05/01/91 2.1667 310.42 7828 6096 05/07/46 04/01/76 17.2500 10,091.53 0992 34339 09/14/64 03/01/92 1.3333 102.52 6399 27315 10/25/63 11/01/91 1.6667 5.36 6346 34343 12/07/66 03/01/92 1.3333 129.50 5192 8401 02/19/68 04/01/87 6.2500 778.43 6487 0 12/01/24 09/01/80 12.8333 1,695.23 3746 8553 07/05/35 07/01/54 39.0000 4,324.96 0988 5447 07/17/38 08/01/68 24.9167 3,615.73 1693 15454 12/26/47 10/01/89 3.7500 410.92 6601 4462 07/20/70 07/01/87 6.0000 309.53 0657 8891 03/13/45 06/01/83 10.0833 1,686.98 0663 24781 05/15/45 08/01/91 1.9167 71.88 2020 27370 09/06/59 06/01/92 1.0833 18.10 9250 7509 07/22/53 08/01/82 10.9167 703.83 2767 1175 08/17/58 06/01/88 5.0833 1,543.45 4188 5032 02/08/58 12/01/88 4.5833 655.97 6548 0 07/01/64 02/01/86 7.4167 739.26 5851 15359 11/23/65 08/01/89 3.9167 433.02 3663 3900 05/09/67 12/01/88 4.5833 405.11 6099 24843 01/15/72 01/01/92 1.5000 13.23 7306 6462 05/14/70 07/01/90 3.0000 285.99 2378 5416 01/08/34 11/01/64 28.6667 3,943.81 5431 3287 04/21/39 05/01/71 22.1667 2,790.23 5723 4168 12/11/38 07/01/77 16.0000 2,180.94 5769 3475 02/12/39 02/01/64 29.4167 5,256.07 1381 0 04/01/41 09/01/87 5.8333 403.23 1772 5842 12/20/43 02/01/72 21.4167 3,940.73 8797 13101 10/12/44 06/01/83 10.0833 6,604.24 7571 8482 06/10/49 06/01/72 21.0833 5,550.44 7720 7625 10/14/50 07/01/79 14.0000 2,143.22 8934 1318 10/12/50 03/01/73 20.3333 4,147.01 9148 8204 05/20/48 02/01/84 9.4167 2,039.80 9180 1296 04/04/51 04/01/87 6.2500 860.54 9307 27349 08/29/44 02/01/92 1.4167 79.64 9874 8898 03/05/48 09/01/70 22.8333 3,847.94 9881 3724 05/13/66 01/01/86 7.5000 800.36 C-8 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 9890 2389 11/19/53 03/01/78 15.3333 2,698.51 4224 7146 05/30/49 02/01/73 20.4167 3,041.23 4385 15642 08/23/48 04/01/90 3.2500 385.72 4553 24878 03/03/59 06/01/92 1.0833 13.38 4637 0 10/01/49 05/01/86 7.1667 515.47 3661 24748 06/04/55 07/01/91 2.0000 68.22 5934 8588 01/01/57 07/01/76 17.0000 2,649.57 8801 5019 02/02/59 02/01/86 7.4167 920.01 6353 24697 07/08/70 03/01/91 2.3333 329.49 7921 2447 06/27/36 03/01/84 9.3333 2,118.60 8755 8474 11/13/35 08/01/68 24.9167 34,951.32 5706 6328 02/01/37 09/01/72 20.8333 3,969.47 0023 4249 05/29/45 07/01/87 6.0000 837.15 6203 6710 04/28/45 05/01/89 4.1667 437.92 7362 34342 04/24/65 03/01/92 1.3333 98.29 3077 1878 03/31/61 12/01/87 5.5833 837.36 4838 2973 03/13/59 01/01/88 5.5000 646.85 5588 7715 03/17/67 05/01/86 7.1667 1,070.08 9939 16806 12/29/63 07/01/90 3.0000 234.91 1614 34348 07/02/62 05/01/92 1.1667 475.00 7173 1495 06/09/64 03/01/87 6.3333 1,238.85 9387 8887 11/09/45 03/01/85 8.3333 1,335.41 2653 5213 06/30/51 06/01/80 13.0833 2,169.52 2737 25908 03/12/51 06/01/92 1.0833 157.50 7399 15266 01/30/64 07/01/90 3.0000 540.12 2944 2002 06/30/61 08/01/80 12.9167 2,313.31 8155 6614 02/10/67 03/01/89 4.3333 398.58 5613 15024 11/07/64 07/01/89 4.0000 432.89 6099 3449 01/05/68 06/01/87 6.0833 574.12 2512 2757 09/22/30 07/01/75 18.0000 2,639.71 8511 0 09/01/31 05/01/88 5.1667 607.35 5383 8451 02/19/46 01/01/90 3.5000 270.70 2511 5520 07/27/38 03/01/73 20.3333 3,345.30 4673 1802 04/15/39 08/01/87 5.9167 398.92 8434 3324 06/19/39 09/01/88 4.8333 348.85 1559 1664 01/02/55 09/01/75 17.8333 3,069.08 2370 3534 06/14/56 09/01/88 4.8333 467.94 0389 1253 04/18/61 08/01/86 6.9167 1,203.83 2530 27183 04/06/58 03/01/91 2.3333 236.77 9059 27352 02/27/66 03/01/92 1.3333 116.60 0245 1843 06/02/37 05/01/78 15.1667 1,735.89 1299 3530 04/13/36 09/01/72 20.8333 2,834.05 1419 15222 03/27/40 01/01/90 3.5000 414.48 1426 0 07/01/41 07/01/72 21.0000 30,950.86 2603 24786 03/16/39 09/01/91 1.8333 25.86 2701 1813 03/17/40 05/01/71 22.1667 2,809.62 4193 2692 09/04/38 01/01/77 16.5000 2,828.39 1228 525 08/16/44 05/01/65 28.1667 4,497.69 1231 3014 12/27/44 09/01/86 6.8333 1,553.89 3186 7982 01/01/41 11/01/82 10.6667 1,930.23 4103 1834 12/31/40 07/01/86 7.0000 990.69 4881 0 03/01/42 02/01/86 7.4167 747.41 5662 0 02/28/44 00/01/00 93.5000 450.84 6230 21 06/28/57 12/01/76 16.5833 5,148.90 1015 0 05/01/59 06/01/87 6.0833 540.93 3312 0 04/01/48 03/01/71 22.3333 3,034.06 5265 5106 11/16/49 02/01/76 17.4167 3,039.52 5471 15025 12/02/50 07/01/89 4.0000 1,120.17 6008 24885 04/30/55 06/01/92 1.0833 99.81 6132 0 02/01/56 10/01/78 14.7500 3,034.74 6728 2416 08/15/56 11/01/86 6.6667 1,891.86 7357 9125 07/23/54 10/01/73 19.7500 8,261.22 8437 34307 04/06/54 06/01/91 2.0833 315.64 9961 10869 01/17/53 01/01/89 4.5000 1,283.19 2426 8822 04/09/62 08/01/90 2.9167 201.27 1950 8051 10/31/58 10/01/87 5.7500 698.30 3632 2178 10/27/59 11/01/87 5.6667 897.68 8776 5932 11/09/64 08/01/87 5.9167 676.73 1185 0 04/01/66 02/01/86 7.4167 533.91 0127 9690 03/09/45 08/01/84 8.9167 1,200.53 0166 9495 04/04/43 09/01/62 30.8333 8,889.68 0393 0 08/01/42 05/01/72 21.1667 2,759.12 3939 4434 02/19/44 08/01/79 13.9167 2,686.12 4083 4387 11/15/45 08/01/79 13.9167 2,381.74 5602 100 01/17/43 04/01/71 22.2500 3,534.42 5964 5234 10/06/43 04/01/81 12.2500 1,676.02 6748 7481 01/20/45 02/01/87 6.4167 860.08 6134 2431 03/17/54 04/01/81 12.2500 2,561.48 6732 24687 10/10/55 11/01/90 2.6667 121.28 7173 7778 02/21/55 08/01/78 14.9167 2,371.52 

C-9 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 8808 6856 07/03/56 04/01/89 4.2500 385.74 9732 27346 04/08/56 02/01/92 1.4167 77.21 5892 34329 02/25/63 01/01/92 1.5000 175.68 2959 79 08/15/58 05/01/83 10.1667 1,323.18 6872 60 04/29/61 07/01/79 14.0000 2,782.99 3982 14012 05/09/67 07/01/90 3.0000 168.86 7249 6379 07/29/59 06/01/90 3.0833 276.17 7148 9409 01/08/24 02/01/74 19.4167 13,095.10 3014 8431 02/01/28 06/01/82 11.0833 984.87 9113 5579 04/06/45 02/01/87 6.4167 335.73 6497 4389 04/21/47 04/01/71 22.2500 3,699.94 6986 8410 12/30/45 06/01/69 24.0833 5,265.04 7121 5003 08/24/45 02/01/81 12.4167 1,497.12 7522 0 05/01/48 01/01/81 12.5000 1,469.73 1745 0 07/01/48 05/01/85 8.1667 583.52 0716 3465 04/06/51 02/01/74 19.4167 8,881.46 5132 34283 05/05/50 12/01/90 2.5833 328.35 5772 8767 07/27/49 05/01/69 24.1667 4,415.50 1492 1961 06/07/54 01/01/81 12.5000 5,279.31 8071 8493 05/11/58 02/01/90 3.4167 359.24 1892 1488 03/22/62 03/01/90 3.3333 556.85 0380 4420 11/29/57 03/01/88 5.3333 553.32 9775 3776 12/09/58 12/01/81 11.5833 1,397.84 2144 0 12/01/59 06/01/84 9.0833 965.08 2491 15497 03/31/61 11/01/89 3.6667 355.38 7089 7125 07/03/71 07/01/90 3.0000 257.46 6347 5716 02/06/33 11/01/69 23.6667 3,482.21 3392 3423 06/12/36 09/01/84 8.8333 1,197.86 6867 888 01/28/39 08/01/88 4.9167 433.41 0303 5057 09/04/47 01/01/89 4.5000 1,983.59 2477 8116 12/02/47 05/01/81 12.1667 1,951.60 6479 676 02/19/64 05/01/88 5.1667 678.46 1138 7222 01/18/65 12/01/86 6.5833 1,019.77 0863 6178 01/25/50 07/01/86 7.0000 932.61 2405 15106 08/05/50 09/01/89 3.8333 1,168.30 8718 4171 08/19/51 05/01/84 9.1667 1,119.62 2260 6055 03/10/56 07/01/78 15.0000 2,491.55 6952 13110 09/27/57 03/01/86 7.3333 2,862.88 9228 34299 10/31/56 04/01/91 2.2500 404.95 5759 5026 11/27/62 07/01/85 8.0000 1,220.81 4016 5208 08/29/64 02/01/86 7.4167 1,111.91 6446 6805 02/22/72 06/01/90 3.0833 23.74 5272 15095 02/12/52 09/01/89 3.8333 420.85 6639 5870 05/02/62 09/01/80 12.8333 2,096.83 8319 5811 06/21/61 08/01/80 12.9167 1,882.71 3154 27230 02/21/65 09/01/91 1.8333 63.64 2825 6627 12/11/67 03/01/89 4.3333 486.54 4036 24792 12/29/64 09/01/91 1.8333 70.65 4894 27092 06/19/33 10/01/90 2.7500 217.86 7117 17159 04/30/33 08/01/90 2.9167 80.92 4378 8700 05/15/52 11/01/76 16.6667 4,887.60 7861 27189 08/12/64 06/01/91 2.0833 128.48 7802 15589 10/12/59 02/01/90 3.4167 524.96 3852 24810 08/04/62 10/01/91 1.7500 107.74 7358 4668 01/17/63 11/01/88 4.6667 1,645.30 0398 24869 05/05/60 04/01/92 1.2500 70.47 6256 9176 12/06/68 08/01/87 5.9167 830.64 6756 2040 03/12/70 09/01/88 4.8333 327.09 7713 4347 03/05/62 07/01/87 6.0000 670.62 8249 24813 10/12/68 10/01/91 1.7500 81.65 8612 24886 06/07/70 06/01/92 1.0833 78.39 9664 0 03/01/30 08/01/74 18.9167 2,362.98 2159 8251 10/17/39 01/01/79 14.5000 2,428.24 2209 15855 03/17/44 10/01/89 3.7500 328.79 7253 1934 11/09/49 08/01/67 25.9167 6,140.54 3307 4293 10/15/51 06/01/74 19.0833 3,965.66 4744 7176 10/09/52 08/01/77 15.9167 3,652.75 7539 4069 01/05/59 06/01/82 11.0833 1,570.81 7761 19256 10/25/60 01/01/90 3.5000 386.83 0069 27307 11/21/70 11/01/91 1.6667 74.15 9960 9347 12/28/66 02/01/88 5.4167 1,467.86 2886 1096 02/15/46 12/01/84 8.5833 1,743.36 3027 6777 04/02/44 06/01/89 4.0833 441.58 3217 27347 08/01/43 02/01/92 1.4167 78.17 3403 6963 12/24/45 04/01/82 11.2500 2,163.10 3517 7032 06/15/45 10/01/70 22.7500 2,799.76 3569 7989 07/19/44 07/01/85 8.0000 1,217.89 3706 3245 09/14/43 04/01/64 29.2500 5,897.19 3781 9512 06/11/46 01/01/82 11.5000 1,765.37 2587 2659 01/21/47 06/01/77 16.0833 2,907.77 C-10 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 4676 4938 11/19/45 07/01/80 13.0000 2,023.42 4849 0 06/01/46 01/01/87 6.5000 485.22 2676 6175 07/18/62 07/01/86 7.0000 1,127.06 5965 2645 10/01/58 07/01/76 17.0000 3,080.88 6595 5167 09/08/59 08/01/87 5.9167 1,038.00 3657 3038 01/05/60 03/01/86 7.3333 867.24 5743 1828 12/12/58 07/01/78 15.0000 2,415.93 8395 5549 04/26/70 08/01/87 5.9167 388.68 2034 34287 08/27/70 01/01/91 2.5000 205.68 3129 6981 07/13/65 09/01/88 4.8333 572.89 8525 27310 04/18/71 11/01/91 1.6667 47.64 8644 6552 09/26/67 12/01/88 4.5833 420.65 4293 7376 09/30/61 07/01/81 12.0000 1,784.90 9593 0 04/01/66 05/01/86 7.1667 1,139.67 3835 10874 02/26/38 02/01/89 4.4167 1,043.82 7889 5955 11/08/38 08/01/87 5.9167 645.58 9985 15436 01/26/43 10/01/89 3.7500 388.15 7616 13116 05/10/47 05/01/78 15.1667 10,571.80 6380 3289 11/09/51 10/01/69 23.7500 3,671.29 9531 2176 01/21/51 03/01/74 19.3333 3,932.53 2968 15651 03/18/64 04/01/90 3.2500 381.39 3166 27229 10/31/47 09/01/91 1.8333 75.46 3332 0 05/01/64 05/01/86 7.1667 981.69 5429 1234 01/22/51 07/01/87 6.0000 896.28 5834 1489 01/03/61 09/01/86 6.8333 835.92 5996 1140 05/23/69 01/01/89 4.5000 544.77 6129 0 01/01/54 06/01/81 12.0833 1,534.14 6155 2473 11/29/58 03/01/83 10.3333 1,710.10 3715 15323 09/10/56 08/01/89 3.9167 345.25 5131 4982 05/17/58 12/01/88 4.5833 1,480.90 6660 0 08/01/56 12/01/84 8.5833 480.53 9852 6841 09/28/58 02/01/89 4.4167 371.62 3337 2560 07/06/61 08/01/88 4.9167 669.00 4686 0 02/01/65 06/01/84 9.0833 888.74 5094 6330 02/14/67 01/01/86 7.5000 1,167.34 5656 5893 10/15/38 03/01/67 26.3333 4,857.37 7396 0 01/01/39 03/01/74 19.3333 2,604.98 9375 3391 05/01/41 07/01/85 8.0000 775.80 4133 0 05/01/44 12/01/62 30.5833 30,361.91 9324 8744 08/18/43 09/01/74 18.8333 2,292.72 1455 15283 03/19/52 10/01/90 2.7500 790.93 5151 0 07/01/51 08/01/73 19.9167 3,040.82 5951 155 03/09/52 03/01/88 5.3333 472.63 7754 8615 12/26/50 08/01/84 8.9167 1,472.09 9566 8272 08/19/55 11/01/77 15.6667 9,327.01 0800 0 12/01/63 07/01/85 8.0000 574.57 5089 8571 08/29/56 05/01/77 16.1667 2,186.95 5797 1369 08/05/64 10/01/86 6.7500 1,674.38 0952 6944 11/23/60 06/01/89 4.0833 559.69 8084 0 03/01/63 09/01/85 7.8333 860.68 6199 3147 10/04/69 02/01/90 3.4167 332.74 7611 13115 10/09/31 11/01/61 31.6667 29,367.74 6439 13124 09/04/37 06/01/63 30.0833 59,854.66 6723 5858 04/12/40 02/01/71 22.4167 3,983.32 9306 17199 07/23/37 09/01/90 2.8333 167.64 0454 4418 11/13/48 07/01/87 6.0000 755.23 2019 7748 08/09/54 09/01/72 20.8333 1,141.49 0317 24699 07/29/64 03/01/91 2.3333 193.27 0010 8842 11/30/44 10/01/73 19.7500 3,979.48 3300 5422 03/11/54 07/01/86 7.0000 914.99 5506 2320 07/26/46 03/01/66 27.3333 3,843.88 5640 4360 03/20/46 04/01/66 27.2500 3,788.57 0105 5680 02/17/51 08/01/70 22.9167 4,388.14 0121 3292 10/10/51 09/01/88 4.8333 372.28 0497 3585 07/06/50 06/01/73 20.0833 2,177.06 0551 4458 11/20/51 06/01/72 21.0833 3,700.40 0785 3206 09/09/60 04/01/84 9.2500 1,568.73 2491 8723 06/23/52 01/01/85 8.5000 1,994.35 9343 0 04/01/57 07/01/81 12.0000 3,147.63 8207 2044 11/03/63 06/01/86 7.0833 1,198.02 1996 5455 07/26/61 02/01/84 9.4167 1,909.47 1568 6824 07/19/63 01/01/89 4.5000 399.38 8622 1089 01/02/62 01/01/81 12.5000 785.82 3635 34320 08/27/63 11/01/91 1.6667 154.00 4685 0 07/01/66 02/01/86 7.4167 520.00 3307 876 02/08/68 05/01/88 5.1667 1,072.54 7482 5179 02/02/31 11/01/74 18.6667 3,227.33 9740 0 02/01/29 10/01/63 29.7500 3,509.92 2400 438 08/02/31 05/01/78 15.1667 2,236.35 2725 0 10/01/42 04/01/78 15.2500 2,794.04 

C-11 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 2799 4455 08/28/43 09/01/84 8.8333 1,585.06 4261 6451 09/15/42 07/01/90 3.0000 213.95 4427 17146 01/16/42 08/01/90 2.9167 248.21 4814 1915 01/13/41 03/01/69 24.3333 5,335.90 0945 13134 10/12/44 01/01/73 20.5000 28,505.12 1386 9387 05/09/52 07/01/79 14.0000 1,879.81 3581 5425 09/16/53 06/01/77 16.0833 3,144.17 1209 6962 11/04/45 05/01/73 20.1667 3,321.07 5004 5420 08/23/48 03/01/66 27.3333 5,753.28 5908 7393 10/11/62 07/01/81 12.0000 2,478.17 7544 15281 10/09/55 09/01/90 2.8333 589.67 3113 17216 02/24/57 09/01/90 2.8333 232.47 5835 15553 11/17/55 01/01/90 3.5000 433.33 0672 2960 01/23/61 08/01/88 4.9167 535.67 2662 5175 01/18/36 05/01/65 28.1667 4,550.49 2829 0 02/01/36 04/01/69 24.2500 3,669.67 3132 8743 02/05/38 06/01/69 24.0833 3,389.99 4333 27285 05/10/34 10/01/91 1.7500 51.35 9261 8686 07/23/37 01/01/79 14.5000 1,804.69 0128 3051 10/04/41 06/01/86 7.0833 1,064.80 0190 1990 01/24/37 04/01/57 36.2500 5,322.12 0478 1334 03/23/41 05/01/74 19.1667 2,113.85 0479 2110 06/23/41 08/01/78 14.9167 1,634.09 0537 7945 07/05/33 07/01/57 36.0000 5,659.11 8549 1851 09/08/36 07/01/85 8.0000 1,194.70 3233 7148 09/21/50 06/01/70 23.0833 4,905.83 7900 9214 09/15/49 11/01/79 13.6667 2,071.83 9158 15203 04/29/59 12/01/89 3.5833 635.81 2432 152 03/25/57 03/01/88 5.3333 524.54 6565 24766 05/23/71 08/01/91 1.9167 10.64 8287 3030 09/29/64 04/01/87 6.2500 406.85 9374 0 12/01/66 06/01/89 4.0833 193.02 1621 4209 03/03/60 08/01/84 8.9167 923.18 0120 8728 01/20/50 07/01/81 12.0000 2,145.86 0320 1929 12/16/35 06/01/63 30.0833 4,932.25 4535 5110 04/29/47 01/01/70 23.5000 3,372.09 7550 0 11/01/54 07/01/86 7.0000 678.13 9647 15540 07/09/59 01/01/90 3.5000 418.24 1973 601 03/09/58 09/01/79 13.8333 1,737.73 4908 24737 06/12/67 06/01/91 2.0833 210.20 5880 17227 07/16/64 09/01/90 2.8333 225.24 6727 24788 03/20/65 09/01/91 1.8333 78.53 2024 6177 09/25/61 03/01/88 5.3333 704.52 2412 3820 08/16/50 10/01/88 4.7500 450.85 5435 7405 01/01/49 04/01/79 14.2500 2,672.41 8042 27149 02/18/53 01/01/91 2.5000 100.96 5065 0 06/01/57 01/01/85 8.5000 1,083.63 5889 1498 03/24/54 06/01/81 12.0833 3,201.17 1262 27094 01/15/71 10/01/90 2.7500 151.92 6025 5627 06/17/60 02/01/87 6.4167 1,096.91 7764 0 02/01/58 03/01/80 13.3333 2,289.64 7330 4028 11/10/60 09/01/83 9.8333 2,239.55 7800 34328 07/01/61 01/01/92 1.5000 139.00 5030 27135 06/08/67 01/01/91 2.5000 216.38 8892 10893 05/12/62 03/01/89 4.3333 633.42 3368 4316 04/20/67 07/01/85 8.0000 873.12 0359 27355 07/25/70 03/01/92 1.3333 101.26 7677 6595 01/07/68 02/01/89 4.4167 642.86 2929 3976 09/10/29 08/01/79 13.9167 1,831.65 4702 7207 02/23/31 09/01/72 20.8333 2,266.95 4406 3713 03/04/36 04/01/78 15.2500 3,980.92 5148 7478 06/20/36 01/01/80 13.5000 1,922.18 5952 0 06/01/32 03/01/62 31.3333 3,439.26 6660 34305 02/06/38 05/01/91 2.1667 298.48 7098 15429 05/10/36 10/01/89 3.7500 426.30 6274 2720 08/20/36 04/01/63 30.2500 5,790.69 8781 7165 05/06/37 11/01/60 32.6667 4,627.15 5889 1978 08/15/44 08/01/68 24.9167 3,165.44 6178 15510 03/03/45 11/01/87 5.6667 396.42 5417 5751 06/01/47 11/01/73 19.6667 3,550.34 0342 8015 01/03/55 06/01/74 19.0833 2,894.84 0774 6601 10/17/57 02/01/89 4.4167 426.11 0978 8476 01/03/61 03/01/82 11.3333 1,607.69 2247 1297 01/13/56 06/01/76 17.0833 5,589.47 2356 8795 07/09/68 04/01/87 6.2500 796.55 4034 0 04/01/60 07/01/85 8.0000 607.54 4709 6578 11/10/60 01/01/89 4.5000 429.97 8277 15265 01/11/68 07/01/90 3.0000 353.91 7261 9606 07/26/61 05/01/84 9.1667 1,648.84 3190 24767 08/14/70 08/01/91 1.9167 86.23 C-12 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 8478 8405 07/29/41 05/01/79 14.1667 2,087.04 9028 34334 03/19/44 03/01/92 1.3333 234.90 9146 6980 09/29/43 01/01/60 33.5000 7,869.95 9334 7201 02/22/46 11/01/87 5.6667 635.61 3186 8264 09/26/55 05/01/87 6.1667 595.39 5797 15404 03/26/55 09/01/89 3.8333 296.93 2142 7421 03/18/63 09/01/87 5.8333 787.31 3842 6787 07/29/59 06/01/89 4.0833 421.91 7560 6165 07/07/58 05/01/87 6.1667 734.28 9728 34367 04/22/71 06/01/92 1.0833 85.59 2031 24873 10/27/62 05/01/92 1.1667 28.02 8035 3580 06/23/41 09/01/63 29.8333 7,376.86 3035 4063 05/28/48 08/01/83 9.9167 1,825.53 2368 6916 01/09/56 06/01/82 11.0833 749.31 8361 3193 04/06/65 02/01/88 5.4167 1,036.96 0521 1087 05/14/61 07/01/88 5.0000 603.30 5806 3344 03/24/61 09/01/88 4.8333 645.86 1053 514 06/01/69 05/01/88 5.1667 464.56 1494 5519 11/21/68 07/01/87 6.0000 689.39 1662 4667 08/02/66 11/01/88 4.6667 750.85 0577 5935 02/15/68 08/01/87 5.9167 543.84 2979 8720 03/24/69 03/01/88 5.3333 447.32 9685 24712 07/10/72 05/01/91 2.1667 4.85 9791 1453 01/30/71 06/01/90 3.0833 179.30 5549 13172 01/08/36 12/01/68 24.5833 51,273.68 9598 3273 03/21/35 04/01/70 23.2500 26,557.55 0155 5168 11/16/62 09/01/86 6.8333 1,715.86 0781 27166 03/27/63 01/01/91 2.5000 203.41 0710 2045 11/04/66 06/01/87 6.0833 834.74 1605 15259 07/06/60 06/01/90 3.0833 788.28 2120 10503 06/03/69 08/01/89 3.9167 334.61 1767 15602 09/27/67 02/01/90 3.4167 410.01 3787 4169 03/07/68 10/01/87 5.7500 789.51 4985 4889 11/02/22 07/01/69 24.0000 3,603.16 9522 5059 05/18/33 01/01/89 4.5000 1,369.70 6102 6180 04/11/47 04/01/79 14.2500 1,686.08 7199 5790 07/18/48 12/01/72 20.5833 3,850.52 9965 6968 02/18/47 05/01/71 22.1667 3,501.03 2405 14023 11/11/49 08/01/90 2.9167 244.67 7721 1125 01/22/50 08/01/85 7.9167 1,028.09 8517 2870 04/04/50 08/01/84 8.9167 1,378.23 8604 1607 07/14/50 02/01/86 7.4167 952.60 8637 2102 08/18/50 03/01/70 23.3333 3,671.14 9129 893 09/21/43 06/01/85 8.0833 136.99 0765 1937 02/19/51 02/01/84 9.4167 1,499.67 1596 8112 08/10/49 04/01/72 21.2500 3,611.89 1608 0 09/01/42 09/01/73 19.8333 1,980.05 1812 7400 03/10/51 03/01/73 20.3333 5,188.22 1865 6831 06/14/56 01/01/89 4.5000 837.04 4543 24749 12/25/51 07/01/91 2.0000 60.58 7075 5312 07/19/53 03/01/72 21.3333 3,902.45 7416 34321 02/20/67 12/01/91 1.5833 46.12 8975 7364 07/24/58 05/01/84 9.1667 1,200.73 4924 5580 03/31/67 07/01/86 7.0000 1,002.68 8546 6508 11/23/70 02/01/90 3.4167 447.65 2485 8914 12/22/70 09/01/90 2.8333 220.14 1247 0 05/01/44 07/01/86 7.0000 7,108.90 7946 2254 07/18/60 11/01/84 8.6667 1,063.97 8514 27221 11/09/49 08/01/91 1.9167 73.89 0456 24714 01/22/52 05/01/91 2.1667 163.96 0661 8870 02/19/66 03/01/87 6.3333 1,191.75 7508 15384 05/03/60 09/01/89 3.8333 387.49 7901 9405 09/18/58 07/01/86 7.0000 1,016.50 8122 7580 11/06/52 06/01/90 3.0833 341.13 8525 7448 06/10/52 04/01/90 3.2500 268.16 8557 7472 12/23/58 05/01/90 3.1667 322.54 9412 7316 10/03/64 08/01/86 6.9167 1,232.94 9839 24864 01/12/57 03/01/92 1.3333 48.48 0692 2546 07/24/60 06/01/79 14.0833 3,284.19 1328 15713 06/27/70 06/01/90 3.0833 202.57 6327 241 08/25/63 04/01/88 5.2500 688.36 6860 24738 05/22/68 06/01/91 2.0833 242.34 6949 6857 09/20/70 04/01/89 4.2500 457.13 6338 3024 11/18/32 01/01/69 24.5000 4,011.90 6774 2490 04/26/35 07/01/64 29.0000 2,927.37 8088 2013 07/16/32 05/01/84 9.1667 832.75 1142 1502 10/25/48 07/01/88 5.0000 829.85 4370 6523 05/07/53 07/01/90 3.0000 255.44 9513 1226 09/04/47 02/01/70 23.4167 3,725.44 7648 9402 08/28/54 05/01/76 17.1667 3,588.15 

C-13 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 7685 0 12/01/54 10/01/72 20.7500 3,543.26 7709 0 11/01/55 05/01/89 4.1667 238.73 8078 3267 05/13/53 07/01/86 7.0000 907.65 8548 3207 05/01/57 06/01/85 8.0833 964.98 8565 6541 07/19/59 12/01/88 4.5833 703.49 8844 0 04/01/54 04/01/84 9.2500 561.21 9065 4081 05/18/52 02/01/86 7.4167 947.31 9074 27203 11/19/55 08/01/91 1.9167 41.47 9792 17 12/12/54 09/01/73 19.8333 4,124.00 9857 8006 08/03/60 05/01/83 10.1667 1,331.74 4131 27334 02/05/57 12/01/91 1.5833 39.66 9802 1737 03/25/58 03/01/79 14.3333 2,613.88 2096 6698 06/23/68 04/01/89 4.2500 472.56 7705 6052 10/25/60 01/01/79 14.5000 2,145.47 1364 4498 07/07/62 08/01/85 7.9167 1,270.40 8879 7211 11/29/66 12/01/88 4.5833 491.44 3000 15616 08/19/69 03/01/90 3.3333 316.15 2082 15620 12/21/66 03/01/90 3.3333 441.14 7382 0 04/01/34 12/01/69 23.5833 15,496.58 1617 7997 02/22/45 10/01/73 19.7500 12,474.91 4176 13178 02/06/44 07/01/72 21.0000 29,087.71 6625 6204 12/20/66 12/01/87 5.5833 660.29 2756 15697 08/31/61 05/01/90 3.1667 368.84 5094 3113 08/30/66 08/01/88 4.9167 685.16 1414 27257 04/04/60 09/01/91 1.8333 39.08 6537 34350 07/05/65 01/01/91 2.5000 141.56 1374 3973 06/05/62 06/01/80 13.0833 2,033.39 4518 4150 05/19/64 08/01/82 10.9167 1,818.01 3578 8746 10/18/72 07/01/90 3.0000 74.90 2527 6095 09/08/31 03/01/70 23.3333 4,149.00 3721 4068 08/08/30 05/01/78 15.1667 2,016.76 5677 3015 01/05/30 04/01/63 30.2500 4,465.79 0448 2860 11/13/36 05/01/87 6.1667 633.41 6184 8014 04/14/38 09/01/73 19.8333 3,042.92 1217 7980 11/20/54 01/01/81 12.5000 2,473.58 1372 7444 08/27/53 10/01/77 15.7500 2,320.21 1812 24775 02/17/68 08/01/91 1.9167 63.94 4154 8983 04/03/57 03/01/80 13.3333 3,752.03 4478 4048 03/30/53 04/01/73 20.2500 3,117.26 3293 4361 03/15/62 04/01/84 9.2500 1,523.33 7513 6447 09/22/59 07/01/90 3.0000 165.64 3072 0 07/01/63 01/01/92 1.5000 114.02 3270 0 01/01/63 04/01/86 7.2500 1,103.91 3289 172 11/20/64 03/01/88 5.3333 672.44 3547 27360 09/15/67 04/01/92 1.2500 85.96 3624 27326 12/26/71 12/01/91 1.5833 66.09 6700 6464 08/26/69 07/01/90 3.0000 316.35 0772 13138 12/18/40 03/01/61 32.3333 10,960.53 2385 1650 06/08/39 11/01/65 27.6667 11,670.81 9234 4301 01/30/42 10/01/88 4.7500 249.71 9300 5515 08/11/42 04/01/69 24.2500 3,257.90 9653 5075 07/27/42 06/01/61 32.0833 5,184.98 0596 30776 04/18/46 04/01/91 2.2500 36.99 4071 19281 06/20/47 02/01/90 3.4167 289.16 8815 8797 03/06/47 08/01/72 20.9167 4,927.07 4173 35333 10/24/50 12/01/90 2.5833 182.45 8728 0 08/01/51 05/01/86 7.1667 494.54 0224 8004 09/11/60 08/01/78 14.9167 2,084.58 0356 27267 08/08/72 10/01/91 1.7500 4.97 0849 9513 01/13/60 06/01/91 2.0833 169.87 7182 5129 01/17/62 05/01/80 13.1667 1,765.38 7248 5528 12/16/67 09/01/87 5.8333 877.84 7315 5323 12/27/66 06/01/86 7.0833 1,045.11 0964 27228 01/03/71 09/01/91 1.8333 69.20 9601 6699 01/18/68 04/01/89 4.2500 464.35 2909 0 09/01/23 04/01/73 20.2500 4,280.50 7944 1224 01/10/45 06/01/73 20.0833 4,030.65 7701 27368 08/20/68 05/01/92 1.1667 88.29 8889 5023 03/02/57 03/01/78 15.3333 3,018.63 5473 34356 12/14/70 05/01/92 1.1667 112.27 4185 1416 07/14/69 06/01/87 6.0833 532.91 2608 7777 12/30/67 08/01/87 5.9167 803.19 3325 5065 01/07/65 04/01/85 8.2500 1,304.05 1677 6807 08/11/30 07/01/89 4.0000 1,276.21 8738 7220 08/28/34 05/01/67 26.1667 3,449.77 7561 2694 11/10/39 04/01/81 12.2500 2,475.01 5910 0 11/01/49 09/01/85 7.8333 1,407.94 0160 34346 05/16/52 04/01/92 1.2500 181.03 1175 4074 02/07/56 05/01/79 14.1667 2,715.63 1677 8813 05/15/58 05/01/79 14.1667 3,032.08 C-14 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 2703 0 01/01/64 08/01/85 7.9167 503.55 5996 8548 12/31/56 07/01/88 5.0000 619.04 7180 2080 09/18/61 08/01/81 11.9167 2,741.68 7545 4792 07/13/57 10/01/78 14.7500 2,933.94 2855 0 03/01/63 10/01/84 8.7500 978.51 2948 4514 02/26/61 09/01/87 5.8333 774.38 1439 4840 08/01/67 02/01/88 5.4167 525.32 1727 2952 11/19/69 08/01/88 4.9167 493.65 4583 0 04/01/28 07/01/73 20.0000 2,095.86 9553 1345 11/07/34 06/01/75 18.0833 3,052.90 6722 12146 07/27/40 11/01/79 13.6667 4,879.68 8186 8889 11/25/53 09/01/73 19.8333 4,420.69 9793 4614 11/30/53 11/01/88 4.6667 2,148.63 1043 5820 08/22/53 06/01/77 16.0833 2,108.55 0459 4062 04/06/60 05/01/86 7.1667 807.07 4368 1747 07/02/71 05/01/90 3.1667 89.10 1750 17142 02/28/72 08/01/90 2.9167 90.04 8837 6542 11/26/63 10/01/83 9.7500 1,305.49 8472 15572 07/22/65 01/01/90 3.5000 333.11 2569 15441 08/19/71 10/01/89 3.7500 243.90 0029 6930 03/09/33 11/01/50 42.6667 7,708.03 3728 3804 12/14/40 10/01/88 4.7500 314.99 6623 2069 12/14/38 04/01/78 15.2500 2,502.76 8088 1491 01/29/59 06/01/88 5.0833 2,650.59 3298 6802 10/08/68 07/01/89 4.0000 384.79 5664 8572 02/05/34 01/01/86 7.5000 1,078.94 8980 6532 12/07/41 12/01/88 4.5833 461.01 9147 27256 05/16/43 09/01/91 1.8333 85.50 5719 1754 12/20/45 07/01/88 5.0000 254.58 9345 3057 11/03/55 04/01/85 8.2500 1,657.25 2816 8000 04/20/59 05/01/78 15.1667 4,845.28 7255 631 04/23/62 05/01/87 6.1667 605.19 9831 8792 02/02/61 01/01/83 10.5000 1,758.88 3346 13051 01/06/31 03/01/81 12.3333 7,555.89 3301 2862 10/29/34 07/01/80 13.0000 1,192.02 6382 3712 01/04/35 03/01/78 15.3333 2,007.64 6528 7998 02/21/37 06/01/59 34.0833 9,758.45 6611 15612 01/12/36 02/01/90 3.4167 314.20 6612 7260 07/15/35 01/01/53 40.5000 8,701.16 7218 7069 06/23/34 10/01/86 6.7500 716.58 9214 5322 06/14/36 03/01/81 12.3333 1,412.79 9289 17195 04/22/34 09/01/90 2.8333 171.47 4480 8462 07/28/50 12/01/84 8.5833 3,480.05 0320 10866 01/13/50 01/01/89 4.5000 817.04 3119 15268 01/24/50 08/01/90 2.9167 596.22 1949 24809 03/23/56 10/01/91 1.7500 68.36 6076 3268 04/12/57 08/01/84 8.9167 1,535.89 6371 0 07/01/59 09/01/86 6.8333 598.16 0253 27304 03/04/72 11/01/91 1.6667 57.75 2552 27287 08/22/59 10/01/91 1.7500 42.55 7447 27190 08/22/69 07/01/91 2.0000 60.09 8240 8830 04/06/65 04/01/87 6.2500 645.80 0295 15166 11/03/69 10/01/89 3.7500 491.23 5795 24772 04/26/65 08/01/91 1.9167 68.34 1339 0 02/01/26 03/01/82 11.3333 962.80 4588 3368 11/19/30 01/01/79 14.5000 10,355.84 4717 9685 10/12/29 06/01/77 16.0833 1,606.93 8424 6850 02/04/43 03/01/89 4.3333 432.55 8653 8978 11/16/44 07/01/81 12.0000 1,756.88 6252 8177 10/11/50 01/01/80 13.5000 2,380.16 8532 5630 08/20/56 04/01/88 5.2500 685.89 1932 7309 02/26/60 09/01/81 11.8333 2,110.78 8970 2755 03/12/60 06/01/78 15.0833 2,075.27 4687 24771 03/15/67 08/01/91 1.9167 75.14 6960 8995 09/28/64 02/01/87 6.4167 788.55 3722 1232 09/04/69 06/01/89 4.0833 276.79 5277 17012 08/23/32 08/01/90 2.9167 189.12 7438 0 08/01/30 01/01/66 27.5000 6,413.95 5341 27144 08/17/37 01/01/91 2.5000 257.11 1755 4176 06/14/44 03/01/75 18.3333 3,256.17 2492 0 09/01/43 01/01/67 26.5000 47,357.01 1626 7264 12/25/50 12/01/89 3.5833 355.54 4698 2782 01/29/51 04/01/84 9.2500 1,268.37 4925 27195 05/26/54 07/01/91 2.0000 33.96 1754 5610 10/25/51 06/01/70 23.0833 4,803.55 1883 7290 06/06/54 04/01/87 6.2500 920.23 2662 11347 10/31/63 06/01/89 4.0833 1,210.55 2791 8561 06/05/63 05/01/82 11.1667 1,737.00 3201 24688 03/28/53 11/01/90 2.6667 247.83 2638 6999 02/01/71 08/01/90 2.9167 200.09 

C-15 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 7201 15420 05/26/64 10/01/89 3.7500 398.86 5802 0 08/01/56 03/01/79 14.3333 1,124.91 0984 24720 12/21/71 05/01/91 2.1667 69.59 1160 5603 07/10/66 05/01/86 7.1667 1,095.70 2055 27270 12/08/72 10/01/91 1.7500 62.03 2942 27202 08/28/67 08/01/91 1.9167 18.90 6176 8293 08/28/67 12/01/86 6.5833 889.75 7364 0 04/01/30 03/01/64 29.3333 2,755.57 2497 7399 05/04/47 05/01/85 8.1667 1,024.02 7610 15289 10/21/58 10/01/90 2.7500 313.79 8006 9144 01/12/60 07/01/81 12.0000 2,472.12 9897 7252 09/08/66 12/01/89 3.5833 602.03 0148 3083 10/10/70 08/01/88 4.9167 446.19 7982 10879 12/20/64 02/01/89 4.4167 871.33 0215 19736 03/30/62 07/01/91 2.0000 140.10 2534 1225 01/02/62 10/01/85 7.7500 909.22 8029 6423 10/08/68 07/01/90 3.0000 261.51 4733 3594 07/20/31 08/01/84 8.9167 1,151.64 7810 6017 09/19/45 01/01/78 15.5000 1,842.29 7887 5609 04/05/48 05/01/67 26.1667 4,045.54 8456 0 03/01/44 07/01/71 22.0000 3,387.71 8945 8671 04/26/46 12/01/69 23.5833 4,136.58 8981 6585 08/13/46 02/01/89 4.4167 451.33 9010 15415 07/26/45 10/01/89 3.7500 291.51 9135 8753 08/28/46 05/01/79 14.1667 3,234.39 9192 6172 01/16/46 09/01/82 10.8333 1,423.82 8414 362 08/01/61 06/01/87 6.0833 934.51 5944 24823 01/20/64 10/01/91 1.7500 83.72 9918 15284 02/07/45 10/01/90 2.7500 1,002.77 4473 0 08/01/66 03/01/87 6.3333 577.02 2804 2071 08/01/61 08/01/79 13.9167 2,764.92 6281 6654 10/20/57 03/01/89 4.3333 522.03 1898 4921 12/10/52 07/01/86 7.0000 873.23 0656 0 07/01/27 02/01/53 40.4167 11,067.09 5385 2671 08/19/41 08/01/78 14.9167 2,005.14 5374 17191 12/12/52 09/01/90 2.8333 248.44 1067 27374 05/04/55 06/01/92 1.0833 48.73 1490 4561 06/25/52 10/01/88 4.7500 611.52 0800 15322 08/12/69 08/01/89 3.9167 391.43 2353 5773 06/19/62 06/01/80 13.0833 2,700.91 3629 4705 10/21/34 06/01/69 24.0833 3,896.84 4504 6626 05/03/35 03/01/89 4.3333 476.81 5424 1823 05/01/36 09/01/72 20.8333 3,363.53 9366 7585 10/21/34 03/01/61 32.3333 3,628.48 6573 12152 05/17/46 11/01/86 6.6667 1,024.91 7212 35022 05/16/56 03/01/92 1.3333 71.53 5203 0 08/01/62 04/01/85 8.2500 869.35 5205 1501 03/06/60 05/01/87 6.1667 924.83 5683 6290 02/27/57 06/01/78 15.0833 2,283.80 5767 2542 12/09/64 07/01/90 3.0000 221.32 5786 7503 07/07/57 02/01/89 4.4167 396.81 5797 24 02/01/59 01/01/87 6.5000 825.24 5894 22 01/28/56 05/01/83 10.1667 1,869.37 5904 1230 01/01/58 07/01/86 7.0000 920.62 5930 15483 08/17/56 10/01/89 3.7500 216.79 6074 6548 08/24/60 07/01/90 3.0000 204.70 7374 0 06/01/55 11/01/79 13.6667 1,464.69 4484 8578 04/16/58 05/01/89 4.1667 387.50 4513 27254 08/05/58 09/01/91 1.8333 58.35 5811 0 06/01/59 07/01/85 8.0000 917.56 3164 2466 07/23/68 08/01/88 4.9167 377.58 8620 15246 03/05/65 05/01/90 3.1667 501.88 1455 27140 03/04/68 01/01/91 2.5000 241.76 2734 24727 03/21/35 06/01/91 2.0833 181.54 3508 15256 09/17/35 06/01/90 3.0833 466.90 3986 11209 08/02/39 03/01/86 7.3333 1,410.05 6034 8437 01/14/53 02/01/78 15.4167 2,906.74 6104 6335 11/27/47 08/01/67 25.9167 4,700.68 6151 4327 09/23/46 02/01/81 12.4167 2,296.43 7293 8851 01/02/61 06/01/80 13.0833 2,023.68 1945 6926 03/11/52 08/01/76 16.9167 3,365.54 2074 1816 12/07/52 01/01/75 18.5000 2,013.53 2151 5715 06/04/54 06/01/77 16.0833 3,140.20 5994 6401 08/17/52 06/01/90 3.0833 136.39 0106 3462 08/26/52 04/01/71 22.2500 5,557.63 0234 3007 12/22/52 05/01/84 9.1667 1,111.85 0661 7236 05/19/54 07/01/81 12.0000 1,591.92 0808 1208 08/24/51 01/01/78 15.5000 2,575.72 0941 1647 07/12/52 09/01/86 6.8333 657.58 2214 4031 05/30/66 10/01/88 4.7500 438.20 C-16 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 0921 955 08/05/58 05/01/87 6.1667 549.94 2473 3795 06/23/59 07/01/87 6.0000 686.85 1107 24855 11/19/72 03/01/92 1.3333 27.23 2490 2608 06/06/61 09/01/87 5.8333 684.24 3634 5565 10/01/62 03/01/86 7.3333 3,511.54 0978 3340 09/14/64 01/01/86 7.5000 966.60 1218 290 09/26/64 05/01/88 5.1667 1,365.08 7504 27367 12/11/69 05/01/92 1.1667 84.37 2994 27330 01/31/67 12/01/91 1.5833 74.75 9990 27151 04/21/70 01/01/91 2.5000 211.26 7222 4407 05/05/39 04/01/79 14.2500 2,062.85 7270 8810 05/18/49 07/01/68 25.0000 4,578.29 1886 5258 09/20/47 03/01/76 17.3333 2,969.89 0952 15210 12/16/52 12/01/89 3.5833 2,857.68 2352 9182 05/15/53 11/01/87 5.6667 701.91 6866 7046 03/24/66 07/01/86 7.0000 898.72 7168 4985 09/30/66 12/01/88 4.5833 585.88 5870 5761 02/28/58 04/01/83 10.2500 1,994.60 0577 24874 12/13/60 05/01/92 1.1667 69.19 1138 6954 06/21/65 06/01/89 4.0833 470.41 2732 6533 04/22/62 01/01/89 4.5000 445.50 4568 7992 12/17/63 04/01/87 6.2500 1,238.77 1642 8632 01/22/64 09/01/87 5.8333 1,306.75 7546 3541 03/01/46 11/01/87 5.6667 2,280.81 8813 1598 07/29/47 07/01/77 16.0000 13,427.19 6768 4262 12/03/50 10/01/77 15.7500 1,804.88 7180 7119 04/29/49 09/01/89 3.8333 294.94 8511 0 04/01/58 03/01/87 6.3333 705.73 1263 4440 11/25/68 08/01/87 5.9167 590.43 2527 5553 01/12/62 08/01/86 6.9167 891.37 3793 2340 09/06/60 07/01/88 5.0000 1,356.66 3814 4707 02/26/59 07/01/76 17.0000 3,384.49 8834 1886 08/30/69 09/01/87 5.8333 552.59 1610 8016 11/30/61 06/01/81 12.0833 1,781.93 1710 3301 12/04/61 12/01/87 5.5833 1,277.79 5091 8318 11/09/58 10/01/80 12.7500 2,587.01 8243 0 09/01/62 07/01/80 13.0000 1,496.98 0598 5800 07/16/27 03/01/77 16.3333 7,145.09 7228 19773 01/24/40 11/01/91 1.6667 181.56 0825 8848 07/14/39 04/01/74 19.2500 4,164.56 4365 2635 11/13/47 02/01/81 12.4167 4,403.33 4693 9205 08/30/44 03/01/86 7.3333 827.94 5578 13194 03/12/53 09/01/82 10.8333 7,557.99 7346 7928 01/16/49 03/01/82 11.3333 1,964.20 6923 6217 11/09/47 06/01/77 16.0833 2,927.26 8821 7460 03/07/47 07/01/68 25.0000 6,620.85 8841 1935 02/19/48 07/01/70 23.0000 5,381.17 9089 6220 12/29/49 05/01/84 9.1667 1,513.12 9116 5691 07/05/47 09/01/87 5.8333 592.37 9236 7575 09/05/47 09/01/74 18.8333 2,933.33 9255 1127 10/22/48 08/01/67 25.9167 6,347.40 9796 15633 01/01/64 03/01/90 3.3333 377.27 7435 9130 10/13/59 06/01/81 12.0833 2,058.12 7506 6554 09/23/69 12/01/88 4.5833 468.68 4822 15236 12/01/63 04/01/90 3.2500 477.92 1342 7958 04/04/67 06/01/87 6.0833 908.61 7844 0 05/01/32 09/01/52 40.8333 6,452.67 8112 4710 02/16/31 05/01/68 25.1667 3,952.52 8403 10873 11/09/30 01/01/89 4.5000 567.80 0211 24815 06/29/41 10/01/91 1.7500 2.75 0687 7825 12/09/47 10/01/77 15.7500 1,891.23 0748 0 11/01/48 01/01/83 10.5000 3,983.71 0748 0 11/01/48 01/01/83 10.5000 3,983.71 1784 3625 08/27/51 07/01/74 19.0000 3,530.33 4228 6185 11/15/52 07/01/76 17.0000 3,392.23 4445 1064 08/24/54 06/01/88 5.0833 1,750.07 4515 5491 02/23/65 08/01/85 7.9167 1,040.92 3131 4345 10/19/56 07/01/84 9.0000 2,847.91 3729 8874 02/03/57 09/01/90 2.8333 195.36 0452 15628 10/31/51 03/01/90 3.3333 360.60 4935 5777 09/18/58 02/01/80 13.4167 1,549.83 7940 8883 08/10/65 09/01/90 2.8333 230.60 5644 6517 10/08/62 12/01/88 4.5833 477.45 0211 2260 01/21/34 03/01/69 24.3333 3,353.77 1264 13109 08/07/32 01/01/50 43.5000 95,759.85 5654 428 08/07/38 09/01/79 13.8333 2,216.17 7992 0 04/01/48 02/01/70 23.4167 6,433.53 0773 9048 02/12/51 10/01/81 11.7500 4,907.55 5093 7491 07/02/52 06/01/87 6.0833 777.26 9221 13852 04/25/59 01/01/90 3.5000 382.18 

C-17 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 3737 6274 04/24/55 11/01/87 5.6667 1,118.16 3986 15211 02/19/56 12/01/89 3.5833 1,109.31 6165 8574 03/01/67 10/01/86 6.7500 1,029.45 5918 4174 09/10/58 10/01/88 4.7500 679.52 4888 27303 10/12/63 11/01/91 1.6667 11.08 6504 8858 08/07/43 05/01/86 7.1667 1,254.66 7569 7053 05/26/42 03/01/69 24.3333 4,308.12 9794 3331 11/23/42 09/01/88 4.8333 467.76 1093 8903 06/03/57 01/01/83 10.5000 1,233.45 5441 7387 11/08/56 06/01/75 18.0833 2,602.83 4918 34326 05/06/60 01/01/92 1.5000 535.00 9654 6961 10/31/62 08/01/82 10.9167 1,343.55 8340 5506 09/29/64 09/01/82 10.8333 1,759.41 6522 8519 01/09/67 07/01/87 6.0000 998.51 6773 27269 07/29/72 10/01/91 1.7500 79.76 5313 5490 05/05/27 12/01/64 28.5833 35,784.58 5802 1943 12/07/40 04/01/59 34.2500 5,793.10 0037 3165 04/19/44 05/01/68 25.1667 4,644.45 6941 24811 06/15/44 10/01/91 1.7500 50.73 7067 3477 06/02/43 02/01/77 16.4167 7,113.56 0988 7135 08/06/46 09/01/89 3.8333 190.52 1764 3022 05/20/47 08/01/76 16.9167 3,582.35 3426 3373 12/28/43 02/01/73 20.4167 3,954.54 3925 9396 08/17/45 05/01/71 22.1667 3,845.14 3161 4072 04/01/46 09/01/78 14.8333 1,908.53 4749 4014 10/04/45 05/01/76 17.1667 1,937.47 4813 3305 08/20/63 06/01/82 11.0833 1,417.63 1811 7700 08/21/65 04/01/87 6.2500 852.09 6675 7645 10/08/72 07/01/90 3.0000 20.49 4588 3286 05/12/69 09/01/88 4.8333 791.66 0742 0 02/01/63 11/01/81 11.6667 893.13 3726 27191 08/12/69 07/01/91 2.0000 76.22 9233 4920 04/18/40 07/01/71 22.0000 3,056.28 9348 4180 06/08/42 04/01/87 6.2500 689.34 0095 2043 05/07/44 10/01/79 13.7500 1,313.49 1337 15301 08/31/51 07/01/89 4.0000 365.30 2053 8759 08/24/51 07/01/90 3.0000 236.14 7650 0 05/01/49 06/01/73 20.0833 4,749.31 8913 6909 03/13/49 03/01/81 12.3333 2,161.54 8958 2541 08/29/61 04/01/85 8.2500 2,499.17 9064 9699 03/31/50 08/01/79 13.9167 2,875.71 9274 2109 01/11/51 11/01/72 20.6667 4,024.68 9768 6520 10/27/48 04/01/67 26.2500 4,392.73 0474 7669 10/08/52 02/01/84 9.4167 1,421.62 0495 0 06/01/52 07/01/75 18.0000 4,725.84 0624 9361 10/10/51 04/01/86 7.2500 1,196.71 0716 27197 03/24/65 07/01/91 2.0000 68.98 0774 405 01/05/53 10/01/78 14.7500 1,901.68 2373 3282 07/17/51 02/01/76 17.4167 1,603.93 7076 0 12/01/55 04/01/85 8.2500 1,004.50 4165 15456 03/12/52 10/01/89 3.7500 382.42 2790 8444 09/26/56 06/01/86 7.0833 1,144.92 1028 8682 12/29/62 09/01/81 11.8333 1,326.50 0431 6814 04/28/70 07/01/89 4.0000 430.89 2476 5042 06/15/63 12/01/88 4.5833 857.74 1598 7282 04/09/68 07/01/87 6.0000 692.78 4661 24881 12/22/53 06/01/92 1.0833 15.65 4207 0 02/01/29 09/01/86 6.8333 449.06 0333 10872 07/27/55 03/01/85 8.3333 1,977.45 3102 2763 12/06/55 07/01/81 12.0000 4,348.51 4817 2743 12/15/56 11/01/78 14.6667 2,092.17 3943 3597 06/06/57 07/01/79 14.0000 2,326.67 4013 27337 03/01/57 12/01/91 1.5833 73.51 5406 27294 11/01/61 10/01/91 1.7500 65.90 5694 27348 08/08/65 02/01/92 1.4167 37.60 4802 7134 10/17/25 10/01/89 3.7500 245.38 5674 34290 01/02/46 02/01/91 2.4167 1,294.49 3044 5043 01/14/53 12/01/88 4.5833 1,640.22 0519 24889 07/01/52 06/01/92 1.0833 74.81 0798 1618 08/29/53 08/01/72 20.9167 2,818.19 1460 6118 01/19/35 10/01/81 11.7500 2,551.23 1916 3627 11/10/56 07/01/82 11.0000 992.91 3937 24776 06/02/52 08/01/91 1.9167 70.54 4966 3586 02/22/52 10/01/70 22.7500 5,450.43 3605 6492 04/21/60 07/01/90 3.0000 432.28 0128 6327 04/21/59 03/01/78 15.3333 2,680.54 2936 9163 09/03/60 05/01/81 12.1667 2,324.17 6482 7885 05/12/61 05/01/79 14.1667 2,445.05 9164 8674 05/26/59 11/01/86 6.6667 2,715.07 8108 1989 01/19/60 06/01/78 15.0833 1,782.33 C-18 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 2808 6972 08/15/57 07/01/87 6.0000 564.51 8679 15124 08/08/62 10/01/89 3.7500 1,134.08 3712 4049 04/01/66 09/01/86 6.8333 860.45 6212 8262 08/08/31 05/01/69 24.1667 3,321.90 5355 27268 12/29/43 10/01/91 1.7500 57.14 5896 7002 08/03/43 07/01/76 17.0000 3,921.36 6022 4298 08/27/43 07/01/77 16.0000 5,183.55 0936 517 04/15/62 11/01/87 5.6667 1,488.46 5412 27180 03/16/55 03/01/91 2.3333 164.70 2064 7648 05/20/57 04/01/79 14.2500 3,080.59 9713 4461 08/30/61 09/01/79 13.8333 1,832.93 8147 645 07/17/60 03/01/87 6.3333 747.13 0587 27321 08/17/71 11/01/91 1.6667 68.14 2972 15591 03/10/37 02/01/90 3.4167 547.97 4714 1419 10/28/36 05/01/87 6.1667 806.05 5170 7369 11/01/53 04/01/90 3.2500 331.86 5955 27283 03/01/54 10/01/91 1.7500 62.13 6937 1593 05/07/56 09/01/87 5.8333 1,576.02 9237 3850 11/01/55 03/01/87 6.3333 842.54 9962 869 01/13/55 05/01/73 20.1667 2,578.33 6148 6809 08/27/59 07/01/89 4.0000 361.63 2658 0 11/01/68 06/01/91 2.0833 26.36 9470 0 06/01/63 04/01/86 7.2500 720.30 6421 15234 04/28/62 03/01/90 3.3333 478.07 7415 6406 07/12/72 06/01/90 3.0833 76.39 3326 19181 06/07/66 12/01/89 3.5833 278.11 3968 3956 07/27/61 05/01/82 11.1667 1,725.93 6177 6465 04/20/72 07/01/90 3.0000 63.65 8060 24723 01/21/63 06/01/91 2.0833 124.80 2360 17220 01/07/38 09/01/90 2.8333 192.12 8092 2570 12/17/41 01/01/66 27.5000 4,812.53 0666 13013 02/23/49 04/01/75 18.2500 11,444.40 2021 4829 09/30/47 09/01/84 8.8333 1,249.58 2942 5462 03/15/47 11/01/67 25.6667 2,718.99 3836 15667 08/23/48 04/01/90 3.2500 244.54 9080 3493 04/17/48 09/01/75 17.8333 2,048.82 2556 27265 07/09/53 10/01/91 1.7500 36.05 3751 6221 06/17/61 04/01/82 11.2500 1,649.26 3766 9381 05/13/65 03/01/85 8.3333 876.01 3791 8252 09/06/64 07/01/84 9.0000 1,051.47 3816 4310 07/19/64 09/01/85 7.8333 1,057.99 4571 4719 12/23/64 05/01/84 9.1667 1,320.42 2375 24826 03/13/72 11/01/91 1.6667 81.64 7820 7347 11/27/68 02/01/90 3.4167 265.02 3046 13100 02/02/20 01/01/50 43.5000 43,232.70 4554 1050 01/28/33 06/01/70 23.0833 3,991.91 4694 7959 10/16/41 08/01/72 20.9167 3,653.55 4425 17214 11/05/46 09/01/90 2.8333 245.52 7595 5479 02/22/49 10/01/73 19.7500 4,262.48 9587 8781 09/12/52 05/01/73 20.1667 809.81 4984 0 06/01/58 04/01/85 8.2500 834.41 9303 229 04/14/63 04/01/88 5.2500 519.43 2416 8811 10/17/61 10/01/80 12.7500 2,536.30 9091 27366 12/30/65 05/01/92 1.1667 140.20 2634 15421 01/19/70 10/01/89 3.7500 378.09 2762 2906 11/10/68 08/01/88 4.9167 480.72 2834 27344 07/18/70 01/01/92 1.5000 71.85 0127 24698 05/12/71 06/01/92 1.0833 64.64 2558 0 11/01/22 04/01/66 27.2500 3,625.58 4658 0 02/01/22 07/01/72 21.0000 3,020.06 6860 0 08/01/23 07/01/70 23.0000 3,051.31 6608 5449 11/16/32 05/01/78 15.1667 2,265.03 4027 1826 05/29/38 02/01/78 15.4167 2,424.87 4244 9695 07/18/37 02/01/76 17.4167 2,254.87 4367 430 09/11/39 04/01/88 5.2500 834.06 4803 7642 07/27/37 02/01/85 8.4167 1,487.18 7365 2797 04/09/70 08/01/88 4.9167 189.47 9967 552 04/02/63 03/01/82 11.3333 1,916.35 0985 5725 10/31/58 04/01/87 6.2500 1,073.94 3719 17229 01/19/58 09/01/90 2.8333 239.83 4408 3036 11/11/56 01/01/88 5.5000 737.64 2550 0 07/01/48 02/01/83 10.4167 993.04 5173 6432 03/17/71 07/01/90 3.0000 204.09 5568 0 12/01/65 08/01/84 8.9167 682.12 1859 4212 10/27/67 02/01/88 5.4167 653.14 9149 34289 10/28/66 02/01/91 2.4167 234.35 3727 7374 09/30/71 04/01/90 3.2500 176.43 7764 4922 02/13/32 07/01/76 17.0000 2,347.73 8151 0 10/01/30 09/01/68 24.8333 3,489.31 8365 7999 08/10/31 05/01/72 21.1667 2,911.20 

C-19 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 3718 8182 06/11/39 07/01/73 20.0000 6,252.58 1998 15659 03/17/43 04/01/90 3.2500 362.66 7128 3574 08/27/52 09/01/88 4.8333 591.37 8880 5711 12/06/51 10/01/86 6.7500 1,160.09 4194 1787 10/31/56 06/01/86 7.0833 899.55 3094 7064 05/03/70 08/01/89 3.9167 399.21 8850 27345 02/04/60 01/01/92 1.5000 65.77 2224 6860 05/02/66 11/01/87 5.6667 741.10 1930 27148 07/03/71 01/01/91 2.5000 210.54 0380 7713 07/03/31 02/01/83 10.4167 2,041.94 2363 660 03/10/34 04/01/71 22.2500 3,767.52 0001 0 06/01/39 08/01/86 6.9167 612.46 8272 2427 06/06/45 08/01/88 4.9167 1,132.23 7569 9568 08/09/47 06/01/76 17.0833 2,621.46 7828 5646 02/12/53 06/01/75 18.0833 3,068.87 8080 0 02/01/48 09/01/78 14.8333 974.88 8153 8414 04/19/46 05/01/80 13.1667 1,264.83 8517 15623 12/09/48 03/01/90 3.3333 327.06 8866 0 01/01/50 07/01/87 6.0000 500.12 9055 2794 02/04/39 03/01/71 22.3333 2,874.44 9250 1485 01/30/47 06/01/87 6.0833 799.50 9384 6524 09/25/49 06/01/81 12.0833 1,783.91 9390 4789 10/01/55 06/01/81 12.0833 1,976.68 9477 6953 04/02/49 05/01/85 8.1667 1,436.44 9952 2999 12/03/46 07/01/78 15.0000 1,868.69 2663 30708 03/13/49 11/01/90 2.6667 144.26 0436 7582 10/13/62 06/01/90 3.0833 214.83 8370 15446 10/21/60 10/01/89 3.7500 341.45 1238 6811 06/30/71 07/01/89 4.0000 218.52 2711 1846 08/15/35 09/01/70 22.8333 3,718.59 3146 4425 04/10/28 07/01/80 13.0000 1,813.40 5683 3342 04/24/38 05/01/86 7.1667 1,032.11 6945 2423 07/21/38 08/01/87 5.9167 648.62 7681 6291 12/28/34 07/01/85 8.0000 967.19 9183 2530 10/11/36 11/01/60 32.6667 3,535.89 9561 2861 01/01/36 11/01/70 22.6667 2,565.52 9787 8077 02/23/37 06/01/70 23.0833 4,653.52 5329 0 11/01/47 08/01/73 19.9167 3,485.21 0136 24844 02/13/51 02/01/92 1.4167 60.73 0704 5493 01/10/51 05/01/86 7.1667 970.37 0783 512 04/27/55 06/01/74 19.0833 979.24 4826 1014 09/14/61 12/01/87 5.5833 1,041.56 6173 27200 02/10/70 08/01/91 1.9167 81.66 6284 7291 01/13/62 01/01/90 3.5000 363.64 9403 27362 12/25/65 04/01/92 1.2500 77.50 7945 0 01/01/65 04/01/84 9.2500 724.93 2509 8023 10/04/65 03/01/88 5.3333 1,259.13 4314 27093 03/31/64 10/01/90 2.7500 205.01 4099 15238 08/09/63 04/01/90 3.2500 455.59 0179 27361 06/07/67 04/01/92 1.2500 88.02 4946 15663 10/26/70 04/01/90 3.2500 331.02 2845 769 09/21/41 07/01/70 23.0000 3,261.79 3016 27262 11/05/41 10/01/91 1.7500 49.87 3343 1805 01/07/42 08/01/60 32.9167 11,035.82 3544 17248 03/01/40 10/01/90 2.7500 259.24 3766 0 12/01/38 01/01/79 14.5000 1,081.16 2056 0 08/01/47 08/01/68 24.9167 2,761.03 4877 8129 09/11/51 08/01/81 11.9167 1,429.17 4887 98 02/08/50 03/01/88 5.3333 607.99 9374 15555 07/08/55 01/01/90 3.5000 459.92 8096 24892 09/01/66 06/01/92 1.0833 89.73 4026 15530 02/13/71 12/01/89 3.5833 258.89 4180 3125 03/16/63 09/01/88 4.8333 802.73 8049 14005 06/27/63 02/01/89 4.4167 720.93 3459 34315 10/12/51 10/01/91 1.7500 104.42 9781 3173 03/11/42 01/01/76 17.5000 2,834.70 1691 8111 02/02/45 02/01/78 15.4167 1,624.25 7564 873 06/21/45 04/01/70 23.2500 7,140.05 9733 4024 02/12/45 10/01/88 4.7500 339.47 8335 30953 10/27/47 10/01/91 1.7500 43.42 0819 33147 03/28/59 05/01/92 1.1667 2.45 2666 3483 11/13/61 03/01/82 11.3333 1,694.86 2975 4909 02/15/64 07/01/86 7.0000 884.82 0110 0 10/01/63 03/01/85 8.3333 1,431.75 0156 0 08/01/66 08/01/86 6.9167 521.26 0063 1055 08/11/65 10/01/91 1.7500 5.10 1767 9053 10/19/70 10/01/90 2.7500 163.18 4368 2239 12/03/66 01/01/87 6.5000 861.43 1359 6910 08/15/45 01/01/70 23.5000 12,157.84 5079 0 12/01/57 07/01/76 17.0000 2,282.51 C-20 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 0465 1355 11/02/60 11/01/82 10.6667 2,990.59 0616 2722 10/03/66 05/01/86 7.1667 1,150.32 1818 15673 03/10/71 04/01/90 3.2500 200.39 1852 34295 12/10/65 04/01/91 2.2500 397.92 1148 8558 11/15/66 07/01/86 7.0000 1,446.36 1952 1953 01/12/42 06/01/80 13.0833 1,760.82 3171 13921 02/14/66 03/01/90 3.3333 413.30 3489 34340 04/02/62 03/01/92 1.3333 207.50 8335 6995 02/18/67 07/01/89 4.0000 303.63 9461 179 02/05/65 03/01/88 5.3333 706.12 8641 2522 10/04/36 03/01/80 13.3333 3,053.40 6850 8278 09/15/33 08/01/89 3.9167 693.98 0941 3188 12/09/42 03/01/69 24.3333 2,829.55 2156 5437 10/06/44 10/01/77 15.7500 2,203.85 2266 7210 05/20/43 09/01/66 26.8333 3,404.85 8645 13018 06/08/46 09/01/75 17.8333 7,275.51 0967 0 09/01/50 09/01/85 7.8333 1,874.96 7640 27251 06/14/51 09/01/91 1.8333 3.87 8480 1423 12/02/51 03/01/87 6.3333 904.02 8778 6008 10/17/50 03/01/87 6.3333 868.94 4778 5285 07/18/59 03/01/85 8.3333 1,350.21 2169 15269 03/25/62 08/01/90 2.9167 303.13 9685 5606 08/29/60 07/01/79 14.0000 2,898.12 7621 2461 12/19/61 03/01/86 7.3333 1,398.18 9910 24696 04/02/68 03/01/91 2.3333 179.07 7998 24681 06/08/67 10/01/90 2.7500 220.02 7914 6486 11/09/69 07/01/90 3.0000 195.67 7950 3414 09/19/50 08/01/79 13.9167 2,837.73 7951 1099 04/04/46 00/01/00 93.5000 603.98 0530 8100 02/14/70 05/01/89 4.1667 474.63 0623 7552 09/20/55 10/01/73 19.7500 3,316.89 0656 5791 01/22/56 04/01/73 20.2500 2,445.69 0661 799 10/06/53 09/01/79 13.8333 2,454.99 0832 2767 01/06/54 07/01/75 18.0000 3,323.16 1016 8756 07/03/53 05/01/79 14.1667 2,620.73 1122 3358 10/03/53 09/01/79 13.8333 1,983.11 1127 0 12/01/56 04/01/80 13.2500 2,473.02 1222 2264 02/05/57 09/01/87 5.8333 775.28 1259 6002 11/12/52 08/01/70 22.9167 3,760.13 1298 9334 08/18/55 02/01/86 7.4167 900.25 1353 6283 11/11/53 03/01/88 5.3333 591.07 1963 3729 08/11/41 03/01/80 13.3333 2,299.49 1964 9047 12/16/54 08/01/87 5.9167 952.20 2163 757 09/30/56 01/01/85 8.5000 888.00 2164 735 01/24/55 06/01/85 8.0833 1,222.78 2182 27205 09/23/53 08/01/91 1.9167 55.73 2346 5723 05/11/57 07/01/76 17.0000 2,178.12 7425 27188 11/23/54 06/01/91 2.0833 245.18 1187 7513 02/24/58 08/01/80 12.9167 1,830.06 8255 8535 02/23/63 06/01/81 12.0833 1,398.18 9338 27090 10/18/60 10/01/90 2.7500 198.95 9721 3770 08/12/63 11/01/86 6.6667 1,113.89 0757 3386 07/11/68 12/01/86 6.5833 691.30 1190 15630 11/12/70 03/01/90 3.3333 388.29 7130 6386 11/25/62 06/01/90 3.0833 324.47 9632 1237 06/02/64 06/01/83 10.0833 1,223.32 6065 24779 08/04/64 08/01/91 1.9167 34.83 1980 15585 09/24/64 02/01/90 3.4167 336.99 7355 4045 06/19/35 06/01/71 22.0833 3,748.10 7667 970 06/22/36 05/01/74 19.1667 3,832.58 7999 5405 04/20/34 04/01/67 26.2500 3,382.12 9540 24719 01/14/39 05/01/91 2.1667 187.43 1634 2656 11/10/55 06/01/77 16.0833 2,623.89 7542 1219 05/05/55 08/01/84 8.9167 1,167.13 9424 7562 03/31/57 09/01/77 15.8333 2,656.22 9782 5360 03/11/55 06/01/73 20.0833 4,346.31 2082 24670 08/19/58 03/01/91 2.3333 195.65 7211 1730 11/09/58 04/01/78 15.2500 2,597.06 1242 24715 03/21/62 05/01/91 2.1667 217.48 6033 7755 08/09/61 07/01/88 5.0000 517.27 9787 6799 09/02/68 07/01/89 4.0000 423.51 5671 6816 07/20/67 07/01/89 4.0000 353.15 8309 727 12/03/65 04/01/87 6.2500 703.44 6215 4948 01/14/31 11/01/69 23.6667 4,150.52 8400 0 08/01/40 09/01/65 27.8333 10,400.28 8553 6680 03/15/38 04/01/89 4.2500 323.83 8630 6638 07/22/39 03/01/89 4.3333 382.96 8961 3965 08/29/39 10/01/60 32.7500 5,565.30 8433 3424 09/04/40 06/01/68 25.0833 3,415.75 8751 9610 02/26/41 02/01/70 23.4167 22,789.12 

C-21 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 8842 1197 03/22/42 12/01/83 9.5833 2,171.30 5527 6310 04/18/45 09/01/65 27.8333 10,922.48 3214 3228 07/02/48 02/01/87 6.4167 982.27 7980 2388 04/02/49 09/01/75 17.8333 3,273.74 8034 6012 06/23/54 07/01/84 9.0000 1,064.73 8494 2537 12/12/51 08/01/88 4.9167 329.73 8953 24863 09/30/49 04/01/92 1.2500 72.28 5824 0 05/01/61 06/01/81 12.0833 1,590.14 6020 9269 10/24/48 05/01/87 6.1667 650.28 6190 27317 07/29/54 11/01/91 1.6667 72.17 6225 0 10/01/52 07/01/71 22.0000 4,708.67 6275 27339 11/17/57 12/01/91 1.5833 60.48 6992 4177 05/18/55 05/01/75 18.1667 4,111.73 9000 3737 02/25/60 04/01/85 8.2500 1,303.28 0941 5894 07/21/61 06/01/81 12.0833 2,383.82 0378 2195 10/10/59 10/01/84 8.7500 1,416.04 8921 5676 08/02/57 08/01/83 9.9167 2,247.91 4345 9515 02/15/49 09/01/87 5.8333 970.74 3250 5079 10/08/61 07/01/83 10.0000 1,418.02 9257 6659 05/13/66 03/01/89 4.3333 367.18 8327 6600 07/18/66 02/01/89 4.4167 662.01 7198 24758 05/07/69 07/01/91 2.0000 68.03 5892 655 05/04/72 05/01/91 2.1667 69.23 6686 978 04/01/72 11/01/90 2.6667 67.79 7266 0 01/01/30 12/01/69 23.5833 3,389.55 9730 24790 04/27/52 09/01/91 1.8333 66.55 5405 15212 11/20/57 12/01/89 3.5833 2,004.70 6794 7953 07/19/62 04/01/82 11.2500 1,932.12 6957 7569 02/04/57 05/01/90 3.1667 396.98 8452 4729 02/26/59 03/01/78 15.3333 2,813.63 8776 1796 09/27/55 09/01/87 5.8333 935.07 8940 9319 07/22/61 07/01/87 6.0000 816.15 8565 1290 02/19/62 06/01/83 10.0833 1,368.04 7136 2853 12/28/66 12/01/88 4.5833 404.52 0605 20896 06/04/69 05/01/90 3.1667 138.14 0014 34302 02/15/49 05/01/91 2.1667 1,563.43 6467 9859 12/26/55 03/01/89 4.3333 394.84 7253 23577 12/30/56 09/01/91 1.8333 45.41 7572 33096 03/21/65 10/01/91 1.7500 57.78 2138 13099 05/26/53 09/01/78 14.8333 11,637.68 5900 15874 02/08/44 10/01/89 3.7500 468.35 7775 35362 10/02/55 06/01/92 1.0833 50.62 9103 35361 09/12/53 06/01/92 1.0833 38.70 7184 16736 06/23/57 07/01/90 3.0000 301.32 1220 10147 08/20/34 04/01/90 3.2500 319.40 3300 0 04/01/38 04/01/70 23.2500 1,891.35 9111 16304 07/06/63 09/01/90 2.8333 212.74 6124 11163 03/27/33 04/01/86 7.2500 2,627.86 9882 2249 06/29/43 11/01/87 5.6667 592.12 3269 4338 12/01/39 04/01/70 23.2500 2,704.86 2771 0 11/01/52 02/01/79 14.4167 8,859.58 3912 10885 07/10/31 02/01/89 4.4167 682.25 8028 1328 05/27/47 06/01/86 7.0833 909.20 9009 4349 05/27/64 07/01/90 3.0000 269.02 1794 34349 05/14/60 05/01/92 1.1667 540.00 0250 28528 05/25/68 05/01/92 1.1667 157.50 8670 17878 01/10/59 10/01/90 2.7500 210.45 1347 15270 08/14/58 08/01/90 2.9167 422.95 9791 18868 10/20/46 08/01/89 3.9167 163.67 7172 13118 07/05/49 01/01/78 15.5000 13,086.37 5810 15240 07/03/59 04/01/90 3.2500 580.36 3926 29529 02/10/58 02/01/91 2.4167 260.65 9555 6706 03/21/61 05/01/89 4.1667 478.86 1491 13050 03/28/48 01/01/81 12.5000 8,554.54 0441 12963 10/01/53 10/01/89 3.7500 501.44 7827 5794 01/20/54 09/01/86 6.8333 1,838.31 6091 0 11/01/47 01/01/74 19.5000 1,757.88 6144 24726 04/01/49 06/01/91 2.0833 233.05 3510 1442 02/02/42 09/01/70 22.8333 6,816.14 1560 0 07/01/45 03/01/76 17.3333 1,731.43 8464 0 09/01/48 04/01/78 15.2500 6,457.45 7104 34324 06/08/65 01/01/92 1.5000 108.00 8223 446 03/24/38 09/01/81 11.8333 1,521.83 0290 3848 04/22/52 06/01/85 8.0833 985.34 1035 3682 04/11/41 10/01/88 4.7500 572.91 4302 35512 01/21/50 09/01/91 1.8333 78.33 5874 23665 07/31/71 05/01/92 1.1667 44.87 4398 7166 06/15/60 07/01/87 6.0000 785.72 1637 30913 03/24/38 09/01/91 1.8333 62.88 2144 16600 01/24/38 05/01/90 3.1667 1,016.85 C-22 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 7004 1400 12/28/37 06/01/87 6.0833 777.80 6807 15144 11/12/63 10/01/89 3.7500 1,291.04 6155 33104 12/14/35 11/01/91 1.6667 63.37 7122 0 08/01/54 07/01/87 6.0000 657.54 5599 27316 01/03/32 11/01/91 1.6667 62.18 1918 15239 12/02/56 04/01/90 3.2500 724.38 7907 6150 06/02/44 11/01/87 5.6667 610.18 9999 3592 08/19/46 11/01/76 16.6667 1,939.43 0799 10531 02/27/58 09/01/89 3.8333 369.20 3075 2825 09/23/40 08/01/88 4.9167 461.81 7415 23521 08/01/57 06/01/91 2.0833 157.60 2591 4924 02/15/35 01/01/82 11.5000 9,139.86 6660 6566 02/28/30 01/01/89 4.5000 550.26 4476 27323 06/01/72 12/01/91 1.5833 78.78 0493 3169 07/28/48 09/01/86 6.8333 916.46 7639 10143 05/20/50 04/01/90 3.2500 202.59 4589 11452 07/10/53 04/01/88 5.2500 861.24 0776 18776 06/28/45 12/01/86 6.5833 545.46 2589 35599 05/29/69 04/01/92 1.2500 66.39 2041 0 05/01/46 03/01/91 2.3333 70.09 6486 34917 09/01/50 09/01/90 2.8333 179.29 3063 13920 06/06/38 03/01/90 3.3333 351.66 8241 15669 06/24/44 04/01/90 3.2500 400.08 9111 0 07/01/53 09/01/84 8.8333 850.24 0583 245 03/15/61 10/01/84 8.7500 2,651.05 6783 16146 01/01/64 02/01/90 3.4167 366.53 2156 13163 02/25/52 08/01/79 13.9167 12,688.40 2701 28441 03/17/40 12/01/91 1.5833 33.07 3442 34335 01/05/52 03/01/92 1.3333 221.51 5151 3454 01/21/65 01/01/85 8.5000 1,291.56 5452 0 09/01/54 04/01/90 3.2500 123.38 7112 15129 01/30/67 10/01/89 3.7500 582.37 1178 12013 09/06/40 09/01/81 11.8333 1,728.97 5704 34352 02/27/50 05/01/92 1.1667 400.00 2641 29520 04/15/40 01/01/91 2.5000 220.82 9253 3844 07/03/56 10/01/88 4.7500 1,106.46 6407 13117 12/14/47 08/01/87 5.9167 1,435.87 3986 35589 12/24/59 03/01/92 1.3333 63.85 6467 9717 06/21/68 01/01/89 4.5000 638.80 3653 35615 03/28/55 05/01/92 1.1667 48.00 3571 33139 11/03/63 04/01/92 1.2500 58.57 8981 2309 01/14/46 10/01/84 8.7500 2,607.66 9874 10349 12/06/45 02/01/89 4.4167 555.84 6869 34888 08/12/38 05/01/91 2.1667 285.57 8927 20821 03/02/38 03/01/90 3.3333 261.46 3817 4844 04/07/42 11/01/72 20.6667 3,032.84 7990 0 07/01/48 03/01/92 1.3333 305.25 0986 3785 09/19/52 05/01/81 12.1667 1,624.33 8515 3766 04/04/55 10/01/86 6.7500 675.86 3406 20894 12/16/52 05/01/90 3.1667 421.68 0407 6458 01/29/61 01/01/86 7.5000 708.71 8673 35014 10/18/70 01/01/92 1.5000 7.06 8877 15227 06/18/42 02/01/90 3.4167 2,752.66 3154 29532 10/24/45 02/01/91 2.4167 520.11 5959 6252 03/10/50 04/01/82 11.2500 789.83 1737 31055 11/23/51 04/01/92 1.2500 130.68 5468 0 07/01/55 09/01/77 15.8333 2,748.54 8821 15799 09/14/56 08/01/89 3.9167 406.33 0265 28369 08/23/61 08/01/91 1.9167 61.61 9472 30767 05/05/39 02/01/91 2.4167 229.56 9221 4292 12/23/48 01/01/87 6.5000 796.54 6804 0 02/01/60 11/01/86 6.6667 361.33 4435 16451 06/09/37 09/01/90 2.8333 274.79 0690 35558 03/20/54 12/01/91 1.5833 86.60 8198 13929 10/10/66 04/01/90 3.2500 255.02 4692 16195 03/21/63 04/01/90 3.2500 330.51 1287 0 05/01/28 08/01/72 20.9167 1,959.59 0449 34926 05/08/38 07/01/67 26.0000 433.24 1389 0 03/01/47 08/01/86 6.9167 498.29 2924 10483 02/08/51 07/01/89 4.0000 340.59 8529 21079 03/27/51 11/01/90 2.6667 201.61 9109 7404 06/27/51 08/01/78 14.9167 2,965.58 2419 34373 09/21/62 10/01/89 3.7500 245.18 4836 19711 05/10/44 04/01/91 2.2500 1,393.73 8961 15207 09/28/46 12/01/89 3.5833 1,352.04 4815 0 02/08/52 05/01/81 12.1667 1,071.25 5308 0 12/01/63 01/01/86 7.5000 877.03 6729 15937 11/17/51 10/01/89 3.7500 382.04 9204 10543 05/20/59 09/01/89 3.8333 341.00 7233 2758 10/28/37 11/01/74 18.6667 3,413.46 

C-23 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 5695 16243 02/01/65 07/01/90 3.0000 164.37 9027 19713 12/08/44 04/01/91 2.2500 271.72 1811 13 08/12/57 03/01/88 5.3333 816.59 8565 6288 08/05/58 05/01/84 9.1667 1,093.17 7085 19735 09/22/72 07/01/91 2.0000 91.48 6066 0 01/01/38 06/01/86 7.0833 2,761.86 5671 7145 10/03/55 08/01/88 4.9167 370.14 0134 8923 01/05/55 06/01/73 20.0833 3,002.28 0471 16604 11/01/54 05/01/90 3.1667 314.99 0639 14954 01/19/55 09/01/89 3.8333 362.87 0683 9008 06/17/54 10/01/87 5.7500 554.51 0973 4297 10/20/63 07/01/82 11.0000 1,111.58 1651 5118 05/17/58 12/01/87 5.5833 582.83 1739 2285 08/31/55 02/01/77 16.4167 2,300.56 2145 9067 07/10/58 12/01/88 4.5833 446.89 5951 16665 11/22/54 06/01/90 3.0833 323.65 1036 11010 08/18/56 03/01/82 11.3333 2,834.09 1410 11384 07/05/62 11/01/86 6.6667 1,061.49 0399 34956 02/26/55 08/01/91 1.9167 54.26 7869 19156 12/05/57 11/01/89 3.6667 360.19 8081 9873 10/09/56 04/01/89 4.2500 662.29 8231 16565 02/04/57 04/01/90 3.2500 382.41 0291 3230 06/20/58 06/01/84 9.0833 1,127.26 3054 7285 07/12/59 06/01/87 6.0833 558.27 6864 9774 04/30/60 03/01/89 4.3333 477.81 7676 16850 02/11/59 07/01/90 3.0000 262.49 7965 1471 12/22/57 03/01/88 5.3333 1,371.11 9846 6452 11/30/58 10/01/77 15.7500 2,280.18 1024 35367 09/28/72 06/01/92 1.0833 62.31 1437 19247 07/25/57 01/01/90 3.5000 532.28 7659 16302 12/08/63 09/01/90 2.8333 51.20 7762 13927 10/15/60 03/01/90 3.3333 61.96 8854 9866 12/12/59 03/01/89 4.3333 559.36 3028 7554 01/04/64 03/01/89 4.3333 496.94 9426 11236 01/19/59 09/01/86 6.8333 1,458.90 9672 0 09/01/59 05/01/86 7.1667 770.84 1650 11552 10/19/70 05/01/89 4.1667 297.86 2552 11823 09/12/59 08/01/89 3.9167 408.26 6607 0 08/01/29 01/01/84 9.5000 756.08 9279 11496 10/08/66 08/01/88 4.9167 492.75 0530 8722 01/13/61 08/01/78 14.9167 2,768.44 3279 16482 12/03/66 03/01/91 2.3333 233.78 8054 17906 06/16/59 10/01/91 1.7500 94.40 9782 2741 11/11/57 08/01/88 4.9167 579.47 4328 19211 09/06/61 01/01/90 3.5000 45.72 7880 34972 02/05/67 10/01/91 1.7500 63.51 9620 34905 01/30/64 06/01/91 2.0833 163.67 0656 35262 05/16/62 10/01/91 1.7500 68.32 2840 11506 09/15/69 01/01/90 3.5000 134.86 5358 5657 01/17/63 06/01/89 4.0833 234.93 8840 3351 06/28/64 09/01/88 4.8333 517.78 0668 34925 11/06/71 06/01/91 2.0833 224.64 7734 10533 10/10/68 09/01/89 3.8333 258.63 1161 635 07/02/62 05/01/88 5.1667 1,425.16 4352 16446 05/04/66 08/01/90 2.9167 200.39 5097 29574 02/16/68 02/01/92 1.4167 41.80 7025 11944 06/23/67 09/01/90 2.8333 264.97 8563 12520 08/03/61 09/01/88 4.8333 476.80 9345 11208 09/08/67 06/01/86 7.0833 1,033.24 9741 34282 04/28/61 11/01/90 2.6667 311.57 9878 16069 12/17/64 10/01/89 3.7500 290.25 0972 0 08/01/61 09/01/80 12.8333 1,278.85 1277 9969 11/18/65 01/01/89 4.5000 452.53 2567 7396 07/18/63 01/01/86 7.5000 915.05 5607 2585 12/13/63 08/01/88 4.9167 390.50 6048 17865 01/08/63 10/01/90 2.7500 231.87 9385 10525 06/26/66 08/01/89 3.9167 295.92 0053 14865 04/15/65 07/01/89 4.0000 359.15 0497 12593 12/01/70 03/01/89 4.3333 330.34 1176 19066 03/31/63 10/01/89 3.7500 317.68 2579 4638 05/20/69 05/01/91 2.1667 118.48 3318 7171 06/19/67 02/01/84 9.4167 942.56 3705 3140 05/20/71 05/01/92 1.1667 7.22 5978 19236 03/10/68 01/01/90 3.5000 359.18 2394 2824 01/02/68 08/01/88 4.9167 499.72 5917 12501 06/07/64 08/01/88 4.9167 524.64 6704 11081 02/09/64 10/01/82 10.7500 1,869.43 7721 11439 05/13/67 01/01/88 5.5000 868.54 2072 19067 01/27/64 10/01/89 3.7500 1.79 2594 19229 12/05/67 01/01/90 3.5000 350.76 C-24 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 0272 12172 08/09/67 12/01/86 6.5833 1,010.99 3542 12260 03/13/67 04/01/87 6.2500 634.35 7109 12204 07/19/65 01/01/87 6.5000 955.01 7424 11873 11/05/68 05/01/90 3.1667 400.81 8731 16578 08/18/70 05/01/90 3.1667 373.55 8831 34988 09/09/65 12/01/91 1.5833 61.10 9253 35542 06/21/71 11/01/91 1.6667 36.15 9652 11105 06/28/65 01/01/84 9.5000 1,516.73 1739 0 09/01/26 09/01/62 30.8333 2,557.65 5776 10077 01/20/71 02/01/90 3.4167 104.01 6596 17948 01/30/65 06/01/92 1.0833 69.11 0610 0 08/01/29 08/01/74 18.9167 2,130.40 0990 0 04/01/25 02/01/69 24.4167 2,670.24 2056 0 10/01/26 04/01/66 27.2500 3,793.56 4453 12072 02/03/30 08/01/86 6.9167 1,274.77 4201 35008 09/21/69 01/01/92 1.5000 58.75 7603 9638 01/30/68 06/01/89 4.0833 530.85 9674 14936 11/23/69 09/01/89 3.8333 220.64 1108 33117 12/14/67 01/01/92 1.5000 18.82 0631 15911 10/04/68 10/01/89 3.7500 324.88 4857 12756 08/22/69 07/01/89 4.0000 384.45 6349 9747 08/03/69 02/01/89 4.4167 422.60 7857 17825 10/21/67 09/01/90 2.8333 134.45 3366 9107 06/14/32 01/01/89 4.5000 1,579.23 9918 638 11/16/32 11/01/51 41.6667 6,769.99 9943 3011 12/21/33 02/01/76 17.4167 2,466.99 0285 9418 09/16/69 07/01/87 6.0000 456.12 8680 35614 03/20/72 05/01/92 1.1667 9.94 5363 7670 06/25/34 04/01/73 20.2500 1,880.75 8837 2746 04/19/34 02/01/88 5.4167 631.64 8863 0 10/01/32 02/01/71 22.4167 2,758.35 9101 16924 12/05/70 08/01/90 2.9167 183.32 5697 2882 04/13/38 06/01/81 12.0833 1,479.92 6086 9215 07/13/36 08/01/62 30.9167 4,602.29 6337 0 06/01/35 05/01/57 36.1667 4,504.81 5186 35011 09/25/70 01/01/92 1.5000 57.20 0860 12115 06/10/38 10/01/86 6.7500 1,690.90 5088 19738 06/18/39 07/01/91 2.0000 112.90 6164 11400 09/15/37 08/01/87 5.9167 1,220.35 6179 11040 11/02/39 09/01/81 11.8333 1,938.91 1450 2251 01/03/43 08/01/87 5.9167 417.00 1480 1448 02/12/41 07/01/59 34.0000 8,659.54 2254 768 01/09/42 10/01/64 28.7500 4,198.73 3928 5897 04/08/41 08/01/68 24.9167 3,687.20 4146 0 09/01/34 01/01/69 24.5000 4,677.02 4376 35218 09/19/31 08/01/91 1.9167 58.05 4548 17775 06/07/42 09/01/90 2.8333 230.87 4681 2813 12/21/40 07/01/68 25.0000 2,470.37 4723 4775 02/08/40 09/01/59 33.8333 4,843.90 4724 13874 11/19/41 01/01/90 3.5000 321.52 4730 5383 01/02/42 03/01/64 29.3333 6,754.61 8347 35497 03/28/53 08/01/91 1.9167 131.40 8475 4259 02/13/47 10/01/72 20.7500 2,611.86 8981 1457 01/28/45 07/01/86 7.0000 958.33 1326 3750 02/14/44 09/01/88 4.8333 464.95 3120 15906 07/07/47 10/01/89 3.7500 372.63 3524 3710 11/10/47 02/01/81 12.4167 1,370.53 3574 7716 09/06/46 06/01/87 6.0833 1,298.96 3916 8215 06/21/45 02/01/78 15.4167 1,612.89 3975 8371 05/24/48 06/01/74 19.0833 2,164.40 8931 3749 08/25/46 09/01/88 4.8333 484.74 9616 14974 06/20/45 09/01/89 3.8333 609.84 7201 10069 01/16/43 08/01/89 3.9167 283.98 3332 2597 06/17/48 07/01/78 15.0000 2,094.54 3408 590 01/31/50 06/01/86 7.0833 986.46 4453 0 03/01/65 07/01/86 7.0000 555.49 4454 8642 03/05/65 03/01/85 8.3333 1,136.35 9231 12020 02/14/48 08/01/83 9.9167 1,950.36 3283 0 01/09/49 07/01/81 12.0000 24.25 5405 9151 10/16/51 03/01/87 6.3333 696.87 5713 8585 09/17/50 09/01/73 19.8333 3,164.16 5740 7394 09/10/45 11/01/70 22.6667 2,753.57 5827 13985 09/01/49 06/01/90 3.0833 806.19 5838 2015 05/11/50 05/01/71 22.1667 2,958.29 6194 17864 11/22/50 10/01/90 2.7500 241.60 6490 10100 06/18/51 01/01/90 3.5000 200.12 7650 7883 09/28/49 02/01/73 20.4167 2,268.51 8732 3709 03/15/48 09/01/84 8.8333 1,801.75 8767 3074 12/09/47 08/01/68 24.9167 2,612.98 8948 21174 11/11/49 08/01/91 1.9167 46.35 

C-25 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 9060 35221 11/15/52 08/01/91 1.9167 55.69 9649 1431 09/17/52 11/01/73 19.6667 2,438.38 9802 3812 11/17/52 10/01/86 6.7500 994.73 9991 0 09/01/49 09/01/86 6.8333 660.42 9239 9145 02/24/40 09/01/72 20.8333 1,456.07 5333 10383 07/24/48 04/01/89 4.2500 348.83 5474 0 07/01/27 11/01/72 20.6667 1,747.67 5615 5111 09/21/66 08/01/87 5.9167 702.50 5793 4288 10/30/44 09/01/76 16.8333 1,395.67 7229 3247 10/30/50 08/01/75 17.9167 2,547.49 7244 29511 10/08/53 02/01/91 2.4167 216.04 7577 1996 01/30/56 05/01/76 17.1667 2,532.18 9767 9017 06/08/57 05/01/89 4.1667 369.68 4795 17900 12/31/52 12/01/90 2.5833 272.06 1749 4606 07/14/56 11/01/88 4.6667 314.85 1818 19761 12/21/56 09/01/91 1.8333 185.00 1837 793 07/17/56 11/01/86 6.6667 673.54 2436 11523 06/23/56 02/01/89 4.4167 540.12 9430 35027 09/19/56 06/01/92 1.0833 61.66 3809 19164 09/29/60 11/01/89 3.6667 498.33 0515 19197 08/11/61 12/01/89 3.5833 150.34 0787 11108 12/02/58 04/01/84 9.2500 1,442.40 0848 9662 06/16/59 01/01/89 4.5000 448.81 1358 19729 04/12/65 06/01/91 2.0833 269.78 3033 2844 04/18/65 02/01/84 9.4167 1,646.60 4365 35563 07/10/63 12/01/91 1.5833 121.97 8845 8042 02/10/61 10/01/87 5.7500 821.50 1468 5460 02/10/66 09/01/85 7.8333 1,196.76 1890 9432 07/23/61 04/01/89 4.2500 389.66 2421 5432 05/25/63 08/01/83 9.9167 1,300.84 9343 35203 07/18/58 08/01/91 1.9167 68.43 9596 3363 06/12/58 10/01/82 10.7500 1,467.26 7028 5688 09/27/60 08/01/89 3.9167 341.65 9024 11063 05/17/48 09/01/81 11.8333 1,721.46 1572 10042 08/21/61 07/01/89 4.0000 394.90 3101 33160 04/27/61 06/01/92 1.0833 3.33 3691 16484 07/15/72 03/01/91 2.3333 93.63 1046 34904 12/18/63 07/01/91 2.0000 67.33 7118 7753 08/24/59 07/01/78 15.0000 3,424.58 1283 342 03/28/61 10/01/86 6.7500 1,095.14 1749 11841 02/27/64 01/01/90 3.5000 11.07 3418 17804 10/21/61 09/01/90 2.8333 207.37 5177 3064 11/24/64 08/01/88 4.9167 481.16 6437 1569 12/28/60 06/01/87 6.0833 942.89 7440 17936 03/05/61 04/01/92 1.2500 62.57 8624 6927 05/30/62 03/01/87 6.3333 693.15 0702 16300 05/18/70 09/01/90 2.8333 192.75 2842 11153 11/18/63 03/01/86 7.3333 1,060.18 7453 12707 09/17/67 06/01/89 4.0833 703.72 0352 0 06/01/64 08/01/86 6.9167 623.66 1525 16271 08/01/61 08/01/90 2.9167 207.83 4868 35273 10/12/67 10/01/91 1.7500 53.89 4983 35351 12/01/65 05/01/92 1.1667 35.62 5135 1110 02/21/63 08/01/87 5.9167 906.39 9070 34923 08/29/60 09/01/90 2.8333 183.41 0364 10109 05/05/62 01/01/90 3.5000 301.06 1495 19220 10/04/63 01/01/90 3.5000 364.03 6574 11648 03/08/62 07/01/89 4.0000 474.34 2560 16312 08/10/66 10/01/90 2.7500 230.51 4508 12755 09/02/65 06/01/89 4.0833 865.28 6468 19750 11/08/69 08/01/91 1.9167 109.33 1372 11155 10/21/62 03/01/86 7.3333 1,311.69 9920 3879 01/20/62 10/01/88 4.7500 460.71 1694 2358 06/14/63 07/01/88 5.0000 503.03 2770 2336 12/18/67 07/01/88 5.0000 464.90 6110 1848 09/06/63 07/01/87 6.0000 1,886.21 8885 35342 07/26/63 03/01/92 1.3333 72.81 0524 7763 02/27/66 10/01/87 5.7500 399.98 7597 0 12/01/25 06/01/84 9.0833 428.23 1650 0 02/01/71 08/01/90 2.9167 22.18 1707 15915 05/23/65 10/01/89 3.7500 345.79 1984 14784 05/18/67 06/01/89 4.0833 537.96 2414 8498 09/22/66 06/01/87 6.0833 733.65 2469 29479 09/19/67 10/01/90 2.7500 166.48 4053 2414 08/15/25 07/01/80 13.0000 1,259.28 0815 12259 02/16/65 04/01/87 6.2500 881.86 1716 0 07/01/65 09/01/86 6.8333 818.06 1941 8313 03/30/66 06/01/87 6.0833 924.76 4211 16386 04/21/67 02/01/90 3.4167 417.11 5641 11473 11/06/66 06/01/88 5.0833 745.10 C-26 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 6407 0 01/01/67 05/01/86 7.1667 878.90 2431 1446 12/31/67 08/01/86 6.9167 719.87 2889 16398 11/11/71 04/01/90 3.2500 221.18 3717 16450 01/07/72 09/01/90 2.8333 13.90 3857 15450 11/07/72 07/01/90 3.0000 57.71 3950 12505 12/04/68 08/01/88 4.9167 614.99 6680 35567 05/19/67 01/01/92 1.5000 65.64 4917 19283 06/18/30 02/01/90 3.4167 300.36 2676 12361 08/10/66 02/01/92 1.4167 117.96 3143 12685 10/29/70 05/01/89 4.1667 489.22 5739 29595 03/19/65 03/01/92 1.3333 29.13 0038 34891 07/12/69 06/01/91 2.0833 216.37 2655 21150 11/02/45 06/01/91 2.0833 247.73 2876 5685 09/15/66 09/01/85 7.8333 1,210.99 5994 4626 08/06/66 11/01/88 4.6667 512.93 1029 11048 03/06/31 09/01/81 11.8333 2,919.82 2816 11407 12/03/29 09/01/87 5.8333 839.51 9702 10402 07/13/32 05/01/89 4.1667 363.59 9797 0 07/01/28 02/01/67 26.4167 3,863.71 2764 16609 11/17/69 05/01/90 3.1667 377.55 8268 10307 05/24/36 01/01/89 4.5000 438.63 3295 35343 07/01/69 03/01/92 1.3333 124.24 1885 19108 11/21/70 10/01/89 3.7500 449.47 3382 34982 06/09/71 12/01/91 1.5833 59.44 7352 19054 03/03/31 10/01/89 3.7500 270.34 0449 12645 01/30/69 03/01/91 2.3333 234.91 5859 16452 09/15/72 09/01/90 2.8333 85.25 1566 11537 04/12/37 04/01/89 4.2500 930.55 3584 11072 08/07/39 03/01/82 11.3333 1,786.12 3868 11286 05/14/39 02/01/87 6.4167 985.29 4258 9435 01/25/68 07/01/90 3.0000 258.65 5569 34997 12/24/72 07/01/91 2.0000 59.70 1729 14944 07/03/69 09/01/89 3.8333 381.81 7473 3072 01/03/41 09/01/69 23.8333 5,166.17 8109 16256 02/22/69 08/01/90 2.9167 189.81 8869 3728 03/06/54 01/01/86 7.5000 1,022.02 3751 17767 09/18/42 09/01/90 2.8333 216.97 8934 7451 07/28/39 03/01/70 23.3333 4,332.75 9721 8867 03/16/30 02/01/71 22.4167 3,625.90 0303 2881 06/08/44 11/01/86 6.6667 992.32 0393 4798 05/27/36 05/01/62 31.1667 4,649.80 0457 34285 01/22/41 02/01/90 3.4167 967.67 1381 8505 07/20/42 03/01/65 28.3333 4,564.00 1489 6915 09/27/40 01/01/84 9.5000 1,398.97 3994 0 07/01/41 11/01/86 6.6667 786.78 8592 4054 11/20/40 06/01/66 27.0833 3,782.16 7946 331 03/15/44 02/01/67 26.4167 4,398.48 8017 7876 04/16/42 05/01/70 23.1667 2,727.35 8118 783 01/20/33 03/01/87 6.3333 730.21 8835 1685 08/06/42 01/01/73 20.5000 2,793.35 8866 8825 07/19/40 08/01/66 26.9167 4,287.31 8922 2090 06/06/44 05/01/67 26.1667 3,634.82 9133 2186 06/23/43 07/01/74 19.0000 3,283.40 9959 1713 06/01/44 06/01/88 5.0833 759.51 0623 4769 06/01/32 02/01/77 16.4167 2,025.84 3813 8689 06/14/45 06/01/74 19.0833 2,474.13 3872 13993 08/20/44 07/01/90 3.0000 290.52 4644 573 07/05/44 05/01/88 5.1667 608.72 5005 5311 10/24/43 08/01/78 14.9167 2,563.27 7040 9992 10/15/35 02/01/89 4.4167 416.13 7921 35364 07/06/60 06/01/92 1.0833 56.73 5251 21103 10/26/61 00/01/00 93.5000 152.77 2273 19313 09/04/44 03/01/90 3.3333 350.69 3127 11006 10/13/45 09/01/81 11.8333 2,950.51 3430 12967 04/30/46 10/01/89 3.7500 421.41 3796 12232 09/19/45 02/01/87 6.4167 969.89 0437 19074 08/22/47 10/01/89 3.7500 354.61 0930 34901 12/27/47 06/01/91 2.0833 265.59 1619 4446 12/02/46 10/01/88 4.7500 446.36 0069 0 07/01/50 10/01/83 9.7500 1,004.71 3387 29590 12/01/49 03/01/92 1.3333 64.99 5221 8838 03/16/47 11/01/77 15.6667 2,983.66 8539 11848 12/23/41 02/01/90 3.4167 576.80 8627 11689 12/29/38 07/01/89 4.0000 435.48 9749 12494 12/18/46 07/01/88 5.0000 659.80 5815 10418 04/01/52 05/01/89 4.1667 335.03 6015 0 02/01/50 03/01/80 13.3333 1,739.36 7258 8008 03/12/49 01/01/88 5.5000 477.17 3385 12082 07/25/49 09/01/86 6.8333 1,024.81 3496 12002 02/15/49 09/01/81 11.8333 2,030.28 

C-27 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 3752 16344 11/19/48 01/01/90 3.5000 355.69 3792 12507 08/08/51 06/01/89 4.0833 483.04 4149 11782 08/04/52 09/01/89 3.8333 494.33 4452 35585 01/04/48 02/01/92 1.4167 77.61 4572 11854 11/20/50 03/01/90 3.3333 429.16 4640 11019 11/14/48 09/01/81 11.8333 2,144.17 4697 12248 03/30/47 03/01/87 6.3333 1,003.90 4961 12151 11/11/50 04/01/90 3.2500 336.21 5085 12007 04/11/51 09/01/86 6.8333 1,222.14 5419 0 04/01/51 09/01/81 11.8333 1,770.70 5714 11426 06/29/48 11/01/87 5.6667 877.60 5755 12004 11/13/51 09/01/81 11.8333 2,814.17 5903 11070 06/29/50 05/01/81 12.1667 1,667.12 7364 35579 04/21/50 02/01/92 1.4167 102.33 7493 19776 04/06/50 01/01/92 1.5000 33.65 1217 11109 02/18/51 05/01/84 9.1667 1,686.31 4626 7214 06/29/51 06/01/84 9.0833 1,198.30 6555 35018 01/06/52 02/01/92 1.4167 5.60 7629 12069 04/15/52 08/01/86 6.9167 1,141.24 8111 11252 07/12/51 07/01/84 9.0000 1,409.74 8182 19730 08/07/51 06/01/91 2.0833 252.83 8746 12054 07/12/52 07/01/86 7.0000 1,687.22 9613 11774 12/11/51 09/01/89 3.8333 572.41 2175 11594 11/13/52 06/01/89 4.0833 558.77 2391 16514 11/02/52 07/01/91 2.0000 104.65 2416 11025 11/12/51 05/01/82 11.1667 2,350.90 3330 29504 08/14/68 11/01/90 2.6667 365.62 8753 16592 02/02/53 05/01/90 3.1667 334.77 9237 3524 06/02/54 09/01/88 4.8333 793.09 9598 3096 08/01/51 08/01/88 4.9167 118.20 5550 8331 09/25/53 08/01/76 16.9167 2,438.50 5768 765 10/11/52 05/01/80 13.1667 1,542.83 6954 35241 11/15/56 09/01/91 1.8333 64.22 7021 1928 03/02/53 08/01/72 20.9167 3,573.42 8544 11773 08/24/55 08/01/89 3.9167 407.84 8982 11067 07/24/54 09/01/81 11.8333 2,601.28 9123 35598 07/28/54 04/01/92 1.2500 81.97 9525 16510 09/09/50 07/01/91 2.0000 81.67 9703 16332 09/29/54 12/01/89 3.5833 328.86 1570 34971 02/04/56 10/01/91 1.7500 69.04 1734 34906 02/05/56 06/01/91 2.0833 198.78 1784 35026 10/13/58 06/01/92 1.0833 65.39 2439 34897 12/14/54 06/01/91 2.0833 288.25 1077 19720 02/09/55 05/01/91 2.1667 243.17 1112 11481 07/10/57 07/01/88 5.0000 626.40 1138 0 06/01/50 12/01/86 6.5833 727.93 1709 11009 03/04/54 09/01/81 11.8333 3,036.32 1911 12598 08/30/55 03/01/89 4.3333 687.77 2163 35527 11/08/59 10/01/91 1.7500 65.48 2377 12027 05/02/55 07/01/85 8.0000 1,350.96 2411 11234 02/04/54 08/01/86 6.9167 1,117.30 4167 9657 01/06/55 12/01/88 4.5833 336.08 6482 9161 09/21/62 09/01/87 5.8333 1,609.57 6800 2269 06/30/64 07/01/88 5.0000 575.72 0529 16789 03/14/61 07/01/90 3.0000 275.85 3167 19734 07/16/57 07/01/91 2.0000 98.30 3173 12717 01/12/58 06/01/89 4.0833 465.72 4563 10000 01/06/57 03/01/89 4.3333 386.72 0473 0 10/01/60 04/01/80 13.2500 1,640.47 9013 2086 10/23/39 03/01/79 14.3333 2,094.94 9129 12092 02/10/58 09/01/86 6.8333 1,090.96 0121 11483 09/15/58 07/01/88 5.0000 594.05 0440 9949 04/15/66 05/01/89 4.1667 452.37 0938 4374 10/13/44 09/01/76 16.8333 2,091.32 2049 11867 01/01/64 04/01/90 3.2500 426.55 6354 12759 02/18/62 07/01/89 4.0000 478.66 9360 3132 10/08/63 10/01/90 2.7500 97.21 0455 0 11/01/60 10/01/86 6.7500 871.11 1047 10393 04/03/70 04/01/89 4.2500 424.83 1191 11377 02/06/61 07/01/87 6.0000 904.97 1341 5650 07/02/64 04/01/86 7.2500 944.45 1404 2159 01/27/58 07/01/88 5.0000 620.49 6124 12304 07/19/68 07/01/87 6.0000 1,216.36 8178 34913 09/03/72 08/01/90 2.9167 6.91 1615 11057 08/24/60 03/01/82 11.3333 2,179.65 3117 4634 08/28/66 11/01/88 4.6667 457.48 9014 15964 03/16/63 11/01/89 3.6667 338.18 0657 15930 11/21/62 10/01/89 3.7500 317.00 1739 35028 05/19/62 06/01/92 1.0833 57.98 9037 2144 07/02/69 02/01/88 5.4167 523.39 C-28 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 9386 11127 12/18/64 05/01/85 8.1667 1,626.79 1290 16423 03/16/67 07/01/90 3.0000 252.62 3342 5358 10/01/62 06/01/85 8.0833 931.23 6957 10061 09/04/65 01/01/91 2.5000 81.98 7021 19262 01/25/69 01/01/90 3.5000 343.00 0843 34959 01/19/64 08/01/91 1.9167 63.18 1596 17940 01/28/70 05/01/92 1.1667 1.49 2594 11095 11/15/64 08/01/83 9.9167 1,598.90 4396 35620 09/02/64 06/01/92 1.0833 101.12 5689 35043 12/14/63 06/01/92 1.0833 60.54 7339 4910 03/23/61 02/01/86 7.4167 774.40 3864 11499 06/22/63 10/01/88 4.7500 1,289.48 4633 19764 11/15/61 09/01/91 1.8333 81.64 6674 34896 10/17/60 06/01/91 2.0833 110.65 0536 3881 12/17/65 10/01/88 4.7500 341.62 5035 11747 02/27/60 08/01/89 3.9167 448.02 8244 7486 10/19/64 05/01/87 6.1667 637.36 0228 35588 02/15/64 03/01/92 1.3333 72.46 8650 11874 09/19/64 05/01/90 3.1667 402.15 9222 5754 04/14/62 01/01/87 6.5000 1,366.31 0141 0 05/01/64 09/01/83 9.8333 1,205.46 8335 19753 04/05/71 08/01/91 1.9167 99.09 5420 11541 06/22/66 04/01/89 4.2500 569.65 7521 11508 07/21/66 12/01/88 4.5833 555.70 8448 29536 01/01/69 08/01/91 1.9167 65.79 5092 9648 05/28/67 11/01/88 4.6667 843.89 7081 35294 04/13/70 10/01/91 1.7500 61.67 8578 35571 07/05/69 01/01/92 1.5000 92.92 1628 5750 05/05/67 02/01/86 7.4167 888.34 5484 19326 10/09/67 04/01/90 3.2500 319.46 5524 9461 05/24/67 05/01/89 4.1667 619.57 6972 7229 03/18/31 06/01/76 17.0833 3,653.19 7311 0 10/01/28 07/01/73 20.0000 2,130.24 0087 35568 09/16/66 01/01/92 1.5000 75.43 0528 35622 07/08/69 06/01/92 1.0833 62.19 1120 19285 08/30/67 02/01/90 3.4167 409.47 1469 12658 03/14/71 05/01/89 4.1667 238.30 4573 15299 07/06/65 07/01/90 3.0000 166.33 1626 11849 08/14/69 02/01/90 3.4167 447.25 3027 12341 11/21/68 10/01/87 5.7500 996.83 8607 35033 12/24/67 06/01/92 1.0833 39.97 1865 0 11/01/28 08/01/79 13.9167 1,565.99 7865 35337 05/01/71 02/01/92 1.4167 61.33 3862 0 10/01/35 03/01/89 4.3333 452.37 7170 19118 02/11/70 10/01/89 3.7500 362.68 0351 19779 03/27/70 03/01/92 1.3333 55.39 0929 4046 11/15/68 06/01/87 6.0833 633.20 4468 11495 01/20/70 08/01/88 4.9167 436.77 4555 12362 01/30/69 11/01/87 5.6667 575.25 4954 11759 11/27/70 08/01/89 3.9167 512.40 6153 17774 03/19/70 09/01/90 2.8333 280.59 4236 0 03/01/38 05/01/91 2.1667 354.64 3839 11864 01/25/71 04/01/90 3.2500 296.48 8586 12798 07/14/71 07/01/89 4.0000 277.11 8844 5601 04/02/33 09/01/68 24.8333 2,638.65 9209 7020 07/16/35 04/01/63 30.2500 3,599.21 1609 9475 11/27/69 05/01/89 4.1667 271.74 5467 34881 02/23/38 05/01/91 2.1667 417.24 8852 1029 05/08/37 06/01/88 5.0833 562.32 9472 0 10/01/29 12/01/71 21.5833 3,159.78 9507 8176 09/08/35 05/01/82 11.1667 1,348.36 6707 13977 08/23/71 06/01/90 3.0833 190.73 5684 2076 09/19/30 02/01/86 7.4167 1,007.66 7646 4167 03/22/41 09/01/68 24.8333 3,131.47 9350 0 12/01/38 07/01/82 11.0000 1,122.85 2848 35535 03/26/72 10/01/91 1.7500 89.32 2974 16057 11/18/68 10/01/89 3.7500 246.09 2536 1378 06/05/39 08/01/73 19.9167 3,650.05 2596 0 02/01/40 08/01/73 19.9167 1,649.08 8452 34879 08/23/41 04/01/91 2.2500 416.77 9539 33098 07/24/56 10/01/91 1.7500 70.06 8025 11880 08/20/40 05/01/90 3.1667 417.65 3319 0 05/01/44 06/01/73 20.0833 2,533.77 6144 5300 06/23/45 04/01/92 1.2500 64.30 9418 9840 08/04/44 03/01/89 4.3333 391.68 9491 17950 02/16/43 06/01/92 1.0833 65.63 0026 11461 04/22/44 05/01/88 5.1667 569.27 1003 12252 01/30/42 03/01/87 6.3333 1,165.59 2240 12273 01/10/45 04/01/87 6.2500 874.32 2368 30774 07/23/44 03/01/91 2.3333 186.79 

C-29 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 6996 12049 06/20/43 07/01/86 7.0000 1,038.67 9967 0 08/01/44 06/01/84 9.0833 2,369.96 0642 35233 09/24/71 09/01/91 1.8333 72.00 0776 35232 04/10/70 09/01/91 1.8333 80.40 1362 12169 04/01/46 12/01/86 6.5833 860.15 2492 11098 05/11/46 08/01/83 9.9167 1,475.10 3070 12100 06/18/46 10/01/86 6.7500 1,002.87 4113 12249 10/30/45 03/01/87 6.3333 1,676.02 0694 12126 02/08/34 10/01/86 6.7500 1,088.01 0721 12855 08/17/44 08/01/89 3.9167 388.62 2367 11023 10/01/47 09/01/81 11.8333 2,059.33 8535 0 10/01/48 08/01/78 14.9167 1,473.43 8556 2266 10/01/46 06/01/87 6.0833 679.49 9240 16006 06/14/46 12/01/89 3.5833 359.35 9278 5663 12/23/43 10/01/63 29.7500 4,139.17 9418 29585 12/13/46 03/01/92 1.3333 82.91 9567 1196 08/28/47 10/01/87 5.7500 883.92 0541 19223 02/29/48 01/01/90 3.5000 457.79 0678 7865 11/06/48 07/01/73 20.0000 2,153.19 1118 4836 08/17/46 11/01/64 28.6667 4,488.72 1812 2440 01/09/50 12/01/74 18.5833 2,559.25 1817 860 01/02/49 11/01/77 15.6667 3,668.83 2007 7110 02/07/46 10/01/87 5.7500 755.59 2013 4267 07/12/46 02/01/88 5.4167 655.14 2469 2430 04/06/47 09/01/69 23.8333 4,582.41 2798 6168 03/02/35 09/01/74 18.8333 1,620.16 3016 8231 09/07/48 08/01/81 11.9167 1,712.90 4819 1518 04/15/42 05/01/71 22.1667 2,817.60 5468 12175 08/09/51 01/01/87 6.5000 1,039.06 6938 35538 01/17/47 10/01/91 1.7500 69.24 0918 34985 01/06/53 12/01/91 1.5833 26.30 1274 34884 12/07/50 05/01/91 2.1667 472.03 1930 1011 01/19/48 06/01/88 5.0833 644.97 0151 35320 05/26/47 12/01/91 1.5833 58.10 0882 11032 01/24/49 09/01/81 11.8333 1,975.76 1011 8850 03/22/48 02/01/86 7.4167 981.44 2033 753 04/19/48 08/01/78 14.9167 2,137.87 5710 0 08/01/47 04/01/86 7.2500 1,341.60 5865 12074 01/29/49 09/01/86 6.8333 919.47 8173 12212 11/16/49 02/01/87 6.4167 920.36 6941 35312 03/12/47 11/01/91 1.6667 69.31 4397 19165 04/24/51 11/01/89 3.6667 392.56 2697 19034 03/03/53 10/01/89 3.7500 372.51 3655 9668 10/23/51 01/01/89 4.5000 457.90 4287 3556 07/29/52 09/01/88 4.8333 461.69 4513 9728 02/17/52 02/01/89 4.4167 619.42 4818 19057 03/23/53 10/01/89 3.7500 383.44 4959 9762 03/14/54 02/01/89 4.4167 379.62 2767 11646 01/21/54 07/01/89 4.0000 458.76 3085 35524 12/18/53 10/01/91 1.7500 56.98 4901 35606 01/22/56 04/01/92 1.2500 64.56 5505 11728 07/24/52 08/01/89 3.9167 410.61 5757 12043 06/24/53 05/01/86 7.1667 1,231.11 5881 35507 06/16/53 09/01/91 1.8333 74.21 6061 11083 04/03/52 02/01/83 10.4167 1,747.90 6280 35341 04/18/69 02/01/92 1.4167 128.17 7000 11822 04/13/54 10/01/89 3.7500 660.67 7941 11100 06/14/54 08/01/83 9.9167 1,635.12 8354 16545 02/10/59 04/01/90 3.2500 443.93 8995 19308 10/27/52 03/01/90 3.3333 467.91 3533 35583 11/28/54 02/01/92 1.4167 81.91 4492 35590 03/17/51 03/01/92 1.3333 168.60 4932 11320 04/04/55 04/01/87 6.2500 1,009.98 6862 11182 11/08/58 05/01/86 7.1667 1,358.48 7119 16512 07/06/55 07/01/91 2.0000 87.04 1181 2302 08/21/66 11/01/86 6.6667 1,014.34 1944 4570 10/28/55 10/01/88 4.7500 449.23 2073 29611 12/31/56 06/01/92 1.0833 56.51 2491 4526 11/25/54 10/01/88 4.7500 464.11 5665 16634 12/30/68 06/01/90 3.0833 355.39 5712 1842 08/23/59 07/01/88 5.0000 621.06 5737 9793 04/03/60 03/01/89 4.3333 404.81 6872 0 01/01/54 10/01/88 4.7500 506.89 7277 2161 09/06/59 07/01/88 5.0000 661.68 0431 8173 08/16/57 09/01/86 6.8333 611.53 0569 7161 06/16/57 06/01/75 18.0833 1,911.90 1453 15888 02/24/63 10/01/89 3.7500 423.42 1464 7068 06/22/65 10/01/86 6.7500 789.25 1497 7040 09/29/70 06/01/89 4.0833 306.28 2320 6130 03/29/60 10/01/87 5.7500 537.10 C-30 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 3966 17942 09/24/59 05/01/92 1.1667 60.02 4148 7307 02/23/56 09/01/79 13.8333 1,482.75 4814 10475 07/19/57 07/01/89 4.0000 294.77 5785 11054 11/21/57 03/01/83 10.3333 1,717.01 6313 11168 08/28/57 04/01/86 7.2500 1,322.55 6314 11061 08/18/57 09/01/81 11.8333 1,935.57 7447 12280 12/06/55 05/01/87 6.1667 938.14 9357 12281 06/22/56 05/01/87 6.1667 1,213.66 9388 12109 11/06/55 09/01/86 6.8333 2,147.24 7191 3788 11/30/37 10/01/72 20.7500 2,830.40 3429 11055 01/01/55 05/01/86 7.1667 1,180.71 3958 16840 12/17/70 07/01/90 3.0000 230.67 5274 19762 04/21/62 09/01/91 1.8333 82.30 5282 7858 03/11/57 09/01/78 14.8333 1,961.71 7066 9296 05/12/61 09/01/86 6.8333 816.59 7094 9128 05/21/64 07/01/86 7.0000 1,216.16 8308 5257 01/13/64 02/01/87 6.4167 551.94 9220 12566 11/16/57 12/01/88 4.5833 617.69 2798 19327 04/21/66 04/01/90 3.2500 504.06 9793 16524 06/13/58 07/01/91 2.0000 71.35 2130 14987 07/06/64 09/01/89 3.8333 337.81 2747 35554 09/23/71 12/01/91 1.5833 8.63 6605 8408 07/22/58 09/01/86 6.8333 719.22 6678 35308 02/23/58 11/01/91 1.6667 53.19 1134 19319 01/07/63 03/01/90 3.3333 409.47 1206 9862 06/27/68 03/01/89 4.3333 489.03 7077 11755 12/06/60 06/01/91 2.0833 185.02 9222 34983 08/11/69 12/01/91 1.5833 57.65 0958 0 04/01/62 04/01/78 15.2500 1,690.76 1956 11875 07/23/64 05/01/90 3.1667 442.52 7593 2488 03/12/63 08/01/88 4.9167 418.77 8326 11708 01/16/69 08/01/89 3.9167 445.26 9969 11428 12/21/61 12/01/87 5.5833 969.18 6339 0 04/01/59 07/01/86 7.0000 336.32 7716 0 12/01/61 05/01/86 7.1667 765.57 8591 2945 02/06/64 08/01/88 4.9167 477.74 1871 11572 09/25/70 06/01/89 4.0833 622.63 2649 0 07/01/71 04/01/90 3.2500 162.86 2858 7029 03/28/60 07/01/79 14.0000 1,811.57 3787 12097 10/08/66 09/01/86 6.8333 1,383.62 3859 11159 03/26/62 04/01/86 7.2500 1,147.35 7822 12399 04/02/62 02/01/88 5.4167 931.78 7911 12202 04/02/62 01/01/87 6.5000 1,214.82 8277 16979 03/26/66 08/01/90 2.9167 266.31 9614 12998 10/12/61 12/01/89 3.5833 460.44 4541 16608 10/04/63 05/01/90 3.1667 334.28 5038 4424 06/10/60 12/01/87 5.5833 532.19 6051 11847 04/02/66 02/01/90 3.4167 495.56 0502 12623 04/27/63 04/01/89 4.2500 350.96 4226 4809 02/10/69 08/01/86 6.9167 452.13 4392 4878 02/19/63 02/01/89 4.4167 413.31 0836 29568 11/23/62 02/01/92 1.4167 173.50 0778 17922 06/04/72 01/01/92 1.5000 73.11 6808 1710 12/03/63 06/01/88 5.0833 977.74 7353 11510 05/15/63 12/01/88 4.5833 578.97 3622 14021 12/02/64 08/01/90 2.9167 514.51 9413 11161 07/25/66 04/01/86 7.2500 1,166.26 0658 11185 09/22/64 05/01/86 7.1667 1,053.04 0666 12835 05/22/64 05/01/89 4.1667 773.18 0714 2334 03/21/64 07/01/88 5.0000 549.62 2795 12709 02/03/70 06/01/89 4.0833 345.67 5728 9809 08/10/68 03/01/89 4.3333 397.15 6061 0 04/01/27 11/01/78 14.6667 1,670.86 6934 0 04/01/26 04/01/57 36.2500 2,191.73 5096 11525 12/09/65 03/01/89 4.3333 584.81 0053 11107 01/15/59 04/01/84 9.2500 2,954.50 2327 16881 05/28/64 08/01/90 2.9167 460.11 2844 12184 09/06/68 02/01/89 4.4167 263.13 5283 35350 09/10/68 05/01/92 1.1667 52.70 7559 21106 03/22/65 04/01/91 2.2500 498.83 9098 16898 01/25/72 08/01/90 2.9167 79.67 6684 9790 06/30/70 03/01/89 4.3333 372.74 0337 34984 10/07/70 12/01/91 1.5833 42.33 0753 7263 04/30/69 08/01/87 5.9167 449.91 1824 14935 01/05/68 09/01/89 3.8333 469.25 5802 5735 10/03/67 04/01/86 7.2500 1,312.70 7178 35610 08/02/68 05/01/92 1.1667 70.63 3760 9234 11/06/31 02/01/87 6.4167 835.60 5956 16569 04/20/71 04/01/90 3.2500 248.33 6525 14948 11/30/67 09/01/89 3.8333 492.35 

C-31 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 9931 21127 01/14/69 06/01/91 2.0833 149.37 3892 12104 12/05/31 09/01/86 6.8333 1,067.19 9942 34880 11/02/35 05/01/91 2.1667 751.57 3588 16445 10/26/71 08/01/90 2.9167 105.63 5794 13961 08/29/70 09/01/91 1.8333 19.98 0880 19295 09/23/70 02/01/90 3.4167 322.03 5280 11356 01/23/69 09/01/89 3.8333 394.82 5793 16356 11/18/66 01/01/90 3.5000 402.22 9836 2496 04/15/71 07/01/87 6.0000 173.29 1494 11021 12/17/34 09/01/82 10.8333 2,566.70 1764 11016 03/03/36 09/01/81 11.8333 2,789.02 7264 35569 05/25/31 01/01/92 1.5000 91.94 0996 12240 06/05/35 03/01/87 6.3333 930.06 6026 14871 03/20/36 07/01/89 4.0000 422.50 7988 13988 12/14/39 07/01/90 3.0000 208.23 4596 21117 06/23/67 05/01/91 2.1667 228.47 0239 34960 10/12/39 08/01/91 1.9167 57.60 4786 10277 04/13/49 12/01/88 4.5833 460.17 9846 10309 06/29/69 07/01/90 3.0000 148.58 0275 13853 09/16/41 01/01/90 3.5000 373.50 0944 16178 03/30/41 04/01/92 1.2500 73.00 1971 2681 04/15/35 06/01/71 22.0833 2,393.37 5909 11022 08/18/39 09/01/81 11.8333 1,824.41 8205 12123 02/20/41 10/01/86 6.7500 1,520.92 9167 12066 08/29/41 08/01/86 6.9167 762.41 9746 16370 05/26/40 02/01/90 3.4167 684.69 9989 12217 05/03/39 02/01/87 6.4167 1,006.44 6584 16156 07/14/65 02/01/90 3.4167 193.08 9844 21141 08/03/59 06/01/91 2.0833 216.63 2414 21172 02/01/61 07/01/91 2.0000 62.52 0383 0 03/01/32 05/01/79 14.1667 817.75 9502 34890 05/20/42 05/01/91 2.1667 264.88 9627 17907 05/22/45 11/01/91 1.6667 63.74 9989 13146 07/24/45 03/01/80 13.3333 5,249.02 9111 9870 11/24/46 03/01/89 4.3333 491.82 0324 7163 03/13/45 02/01/65 28.4167 7,457.11 1432 0 02/01/47 08/01/85 7.9167 900.45 2235 7035 06/06/35 11/01/72 20.6667 2,606.69 8705 16241 04/06/45 07/01/90 3.0000 229.35 7806 4019 04/02/53 02/01/80 13.4167 15,521.55 7915 34951 02/19/50 07/01/91 2.0000 50.81 8791 626 05/29/47 05/01/88 5.1667 1,104.42 9287 19302 10/31/49 03/01/90 3.3333 327.45 1718 5618 07/07/48 09/01/74 18.8333 2,726.83 2053 10038 11/27/47 07/01/89 4.0000 278.55 7899 4269 05/15/50 02/01/76 17.4167 2,535.83 8576 6506 07/09/49 01/01/87 6.5000 797.73 9122 4739 12/13/43 09/01/87 5.8333 317.27 0296 10320 08/12/49 01/01/89 4.5000 580.83 0842 34887 07/03/50 05/01/91 2.1667 273.27 2109 34943 08/06/45 07/01/91 2.0000 80.34 0173 35005 05/04/52 01/01/92 1.5000 73.40 1322 3684 11/27/48 09/01/88 4.8333 525.94 1514 34946 12/06/51 07/01/91 2.0000 64.40 1629 16829 12/15/48 07/01/90 3.0000 215.29 2413 34963 11/02/48 08/01/91 1.9167 76.66 2443 34929 06/20/52 06/01/91 2.0833 292.91 8982 0 05/01/59 04/01/87 6.2500 1,769.32 1546 2303 05/19/51 03/01/74 19.3333 3,006.41 8593 2323 03/19/51 07/01/87 6.0000 609.57 6280 10151 07/16/53 04/01/90 3.2500 280.76 7656 9281 06/12/56 04/01/80 13.2500 1,704.17 7887 0 11/01/50 09/01/79 13.8333 1,540.41 8431 3969 11/21/49 02/01/88 5.4167 642.45 8623 8433 06/02/51 01/01/73 20.5000 2,995.76 8941 0 12/01/49 03/01/73 20.3333 3,767.21 8949 7057 09/01/50 08/01/71 21.9167 3,034.73 9011 7458 03/21/50 01/01/85 8.5000 1,239.74 9762 7456 01/04/51 06/01/72 21.0833 3,698.25 9850 815 07/28/52 05/01/71 22.1667 3,976.07 9866 4861 07/11/55 01/01/88 5.5000 770.73 5173 12189 07/30/52 01/01/87 6.5000 995.05 6118 11502 10/12/52 11/01/88 4.6667 547.17 1695 34998 06/19/57 01/01/92 1.5000 61.82 3417 1558 12/25/53 12/01/87 5.5833 776.85 4441 19231 05/10/56 01/01/90 3.5000 269.61 5291 8856 07/23/56 12/01/75 17.5833 3,096.51 5420 4857 10/04/55 01/01/74 19.5000 2,570.98 5972 0 12/01/54 10/01/86 6.7500 332.35 6427 4841 12/26/54 09/01/73 19.8333 2,647.55 C-32 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 6460 731 10/27/52 04/01/71 22.2500 3,198.77 6608 35248 09/18/54 09/01/91 1.8333 40.90 7756 788 06/05/55 08/01/78 14.9167 3,540.73 8984 9112 02/02/55 01/01/89 4.5000 436.78 9659 1936 02/02/55 03/01/86 7.3333 1,362.67 9868 1411 09/25/53 01/01/88 5.5000 567.35 0057 12400 09/23/57 02/01/88 5.4167 639.94 0075 12038 06/01/55 05/01/86 7.1667 1,410.22 0314 12262 06/30/61 04/01/87 6.2500 1,719.54 0573 19732 02/03/54 07/01/91 2.0000 89.52 0674 12315 08/08/57 07/01/87 6.0000 954.60 3172 11948 11/29/58 09/01/90 2.8333 213.78 3286 11125 09/07/56 04/01/85 8.2500 1,644.49 3423 12332 11/27/57 08/01/89 3.9167 362.20 0606 2771 03/16/55 06/01/74 19.0833 3,400.49 1944 8766 05/13/62 09/01/86 6.8333 858.91 2227 3198 02/11/58 10/01/77 15.7500 2,709.98 4390 19745 06/03/61 08/01/91 1.9167 83.88 4947 9669 12/30/65 01/01/89 4.5000 464.85 5454 4899 10/09/58 08/01/87 5.9167 709.73 5650 3192 05/26/64 04/01/87 6.2500 692.81 6708 11233 03/23/57 08/01/86 6.9167 1,000.57 6728 11288 08/02/59 02/01/87 6.4167 1,140.49 7783 11736 01/01/64 08/01/89 3.9167 311.87 7927 16191 12/28/58 04/01/90 3.2500 329.36 8696 34939 09/23/61 07/01/91 2.0000 84.92 9874 11060 05/19/61 09/01/81 11.8333 2,749.70 0063 29499 06/14/62 11/01/90 2.6667 173.26 2972 11727 07/15/65 08/01/89 3.9167 650.30 9272 33175 03/02/60 06/01/92 1.0833 9.73 9328 11856 07/15/61 03/01/90 3.3333 363.59 9992 1741 07/01/58 07/01/78 15.0000 1,140.59 8701 35029 12/24/58 06/01/92 1.0833 55.50 7673 830 06/27/61 08/01/79 13.9167 2,177.30 8463 35570 06/21/60 01/01/92 1.5000 59.94 8871 837 02/20/63 07/01/85 8.0000 997.05 0954 12366 08/24/60 01/01/87 6.5000 854.65 4604 2153 08/16/65 07/01/88 5.0000 631.08 7089 2240 10/02/60 07/01/88 5.0000 986.31 7965 4712 10/14/66 11/01/87 5.6667 665.10 1521 11528 04/18/59 03/01/89 4.3333 690.80 6905 11505 01/23/62 11/01/88 4.6667 574.79 7553 16393 12/09/60 12/01/89 3.5833 550.34 1791 11836 06/14/64 12/01/89 3.5833 478.30 2919 19769 07/21/72 10/01/91 1.7500 86.62 3791 7193 09/19/61 03/01/89 4.3333 303.16 5839 9275 06/08/62 05/01/80 13.1667 1,877.36 6123 11417 12/26/60 10/01/87 5.7500 865.78 8767 35226 03/11/71 08/01/91 1.9167 51.43 8864 15504 06/03/71 07/01/90 3.0000 161.90 4518 9979 07/04/62 01/01/89 4.5000 382.22 2437 9424 06/11/61 02/01/88 5.4167 662.71 5552 9647 06/19/65 11/01/88 4.6667 575.06 0486 29617 08/16/70 06/01/92 1.0833 39.00 2890 11489 12/28/64 07/01/88 5.0000 862.88 5636 11410 09/15/65 10/01/87 5.7500 770.67 1103 0 10/01/26 01/01/78 15.5000 1,812.54 2738 7489 12/27/69 09/01/88 4.8333 578.86 8533 2581 12/23/55 08/01/88 4.9167 589.75 9325 17941 08/14/64 05/01/92 1.1667 58.81 3226 0 05/01/28 11/01/66 26.6667 3,048.58 3357 17924 09/17/70 01/01/92 1.5000 67.99 4601 16333 09/04/71 12/01/89 3.5833 226.30 7589 10267 04/21/68 11/01/88 4.6667 570.84 0508 14934 05/07/67 09/01/89 3.8333 290.44 2075 11745 06/04/70 08/01/89 3.9167 458.10 2295 16511 08/14/72 07/01/91 2.0000 81.97 9004 19289 04/08/67 02/01/90 3.4167 334.35 0340 0 09/01/31 01/01/80 13.5000 1,282.20 6532 34953 04/28/71 08/01/91 1.9167 101.02 9905 8776 05/10/64 04/01/90 3.2500 250.15 7850 11462 03/14/69 05/01/88 5.1667 457.27 0749 567 03/31/71 05/01/88 5.1667 164.48 8567 8866 07/13/36 03/01/73 20.3333 1,871.63 5425 16626 02/09/71 06/01/90 3.0833 316.83 0217 9239 12/02/37 08/01/84 8.9167 1,002.55 1149 0 06/01/36 07/01/61 32.0000 3,553.98 2287 7867 02/28/36 07/01/73 20.0000 2,976.13 0180 1322 03/05/37 06/01/63 30.0833 3,268.63 2595 0 12/01/38 03/01/67 26.3333 2,185.76 

C-33 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 4471 7197 03/15/39 03/01/67 26.3333 3,341.90 4920 1845 03/28/41 10/01/78 14.7500 1,739.48 4967 2506 10/29/36 09/01/55 37.8333 5,599.98 5808 4723 11/09/38 07/01/86 7.0000 10,252.09 7919 16269 02/02/66 08/01/90 2.9167 215.54 1151 0 07/01/29 08/01/78 14.9167 1,749.89 1374 4749 08/31/34 07/01/87 6.0000 676.38 2690 0 12/01/29 03/01/76 17.3333 1,864.98 2905 1610 05/24/31 07/01/78 15.0000 2,017.42 2939 2286 08/10/36 09/01/85 7.8333 985.95 3941 4271 11/06/31 04/01/73 20.2500 2,362.45 9608 2294 09/28/37 09/01/85 7.8333 234.43 9685 21120 11/05/56 05/01/91 2.1667 207.26 0789 0 10/01/35 05/01/87 6.1667 792.46 1109 12739 02/23/41 07/01/89 4.0000 354.69 3151 11007 09/23/36 09/01/81 11.8333 2,433.72 3153 11950 10/22/36 09/01/90 2.8333 237.46 4195 12257 10/15/39 04/01/87 6.2500 916.86 7487 35025 12/28/38 06/01/92 1.0833 64.84 1873 12950 09/25/43 08/01/89 3.9167 412.23 1893 12186 08/10/40 01/01/87 6.5000 997.42 4665 12181 04/17/38 01/01/87 6.5000 924.57 4864 11235 11/01/40 09/01/86 6.8333 1,368.67 6886 8480 01/05/35 02/01/87 6.4167 573.88 8540 34898 09/04/45 06/01/91 2.0833 379.92 4338 11608 03/20/39 06/01/89 4.0833 517.03 4684 11930 02/04/43 08/01/90 2.9167 242.93 5146 7056 09/16/43 12/01/74 18.5833 2,153.52 5255 8829 10/11/42 11/01/78 14.6667 2,580.73 5998 8030 11/30/41 08/01/87 5.9167 803.32 6510 9154 01/29/45 09/01/71 21.8333 2,242.79 9864 3182 05/10/44 05/01/73 20.1667 2,254.71 9875 3947 06/17/44 03/01/67 26.3333 2,849.54 0766 5708 12/01/45 02/01/87 6.4167 762.74 5145 2317 02/18/39 06/01/80 13.0833 1,871.72 6807 0 01/01/45 04/01/86 7.2500 614.96 7377 16314 09/08/42 10/01/90 2.7500 130.67 9345 3009 01/27/44 09/01/74 18.8333 2,613.69 0081 3248 03/04/46 02/01/74 19.4167 2,037.21 6241 11053 06/15/44 09/01/81 11.8333 2,865.70 6257 11491 06/12/47 07/01/88 5.0000 612.09 5005 34964 10/15/50 08/01/91 1.9167 92.06 6924 19133 11/19/46 11/01/89 3.6667 368.55 8160 17914 05/01/52 12/01/91 1.5833 117.47 8190 0 09/01/48 01/01/87 6.5000 645.42 8822 7758 01/18/49 04/01/76 17.2500 1,522.90 9896 8250 01/02/47 05/01/79 14.1667 1,021.95 4399 748 07/05/48 02/01/87 6.4167 379.74 8187 17067 12/10/47 08/01/90 2.9167 239.26 8555 16884 04/19/48 08/01/90 2.9167 245.21 8995 34942 06/30/49 07/01/91 2.0000 78.67 6041 34980 11/28/51 11/01/91 1.6667 71.55 4297 19706 01/14/50 03/01/91 2.3333 1,756.50 0231 2438 07/04/50 05/01/71 22.1667 3,237.79 0279 113 12/01/52 03/01/88 5.3333 551.18 0332 2682 12/04/51 02/01/72 21.4167 2,258.89 1977 1669 08/24/51 08/01/75 17.9167 1,908.33 6180 11540 01/01/64 04/01/89 4.2500 532.62 6333 33504 08/12/50 09/01/91 1.8333 74.29 6469 12463 10/02/51 06/01/88 5.0833 581.22 7056 11080 09/16/48 09/01/82 10.8333 1,826.54 7574 12117 11/08/51 10/01/86 6.7500 1,023.14 5997 34893 12/29/51 02/01/76 17.4167 770.23 7344 10419 06/04/53 05/01/89 4.1667 414.73 7718 7557 07/24/54 09/01/85 7.8333 687.92 8035 139 08/24/52 07/01/91 2.0000 54.76 8273 193 04/22/51 04/01/88 5.2500 513.89 8807 4306 05/29/52 03/01/77 16.3333 3,008.46 8901 4359 07/11/51 02/01/87 6.4167 715.52 9925 1734 06/08/52 08/01/78 14.9167 2,039.01 2031 29492 05/16/52 10/01/90 2.7500 687.98 4330 35562 11/03/52 12/01/91 1.5833 93.15 6251 35017 03/04/45 02/01/92 1.4167 74.57 7781 2477 10/20/52 08/01/72 20.9167 2,480.68 8113 13933 12/28/66 04/01/90 3.2500 393.88 8432 4333 01/19/53 09/01/86 6.8333 869.65 8693 5780 02/26/52 07/01/85 8.0000 1,073.62 9627 2281 03/14/51 11/01/70 22.6667 2,180.00 3270 5907 07/11/56 09/01/86 6.8333 840.66 9324 14050 06/03/53 09/01/90 2.8333 485.50 C-34 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 5297 9778 03/10/55 03/01/89 4.3333 479.25 5710 16903 02/28/55 08/01/90 2.9167 347.05 8970 35015 02/27/58 01/01/92 1.5000 60.31 5397 12368 09/09/54 11/01/87 5.6667 838.44 9823 34996 11/28/59 09/01/87 5.8333 189.79 0703 16940 09/21/55 08/01/90 2.9167 194.12 1495 16574 09/06/60 05/01/90 3.1667 413.90 2973 2966 03/13/57 08/01/88 4.9167 402.45 3079 3808 11/11/65 09/01/85 7.8333 939.26 3196 0 01/01/65 07/01/86 7.0000 775.37 8401 2621 05/27/62 08/01/88 4.9167 637.21 9576 10129 11/28/59 03/01/90 3.3333 445.15 4539 11300 08/17/59 03/01/87 6.3333 1,204.59 5693 104 06/14/67 03/01/88 5.3333 671.95 6010 3027 12/16/59 03/01/87 6.3333 548.37 8399 8729 04/17/66 06/01/88 5.0833 223.22 9093 10348 07/02/62 02/01/89 4.4167 494.08 3899 334 08/30/57 04/01/85 8.2500 1,190.56 7436 10431 09/13/56 06/01/89 4.0833 802.78 8323 0 06/01/56 01/01/84 9.5000 1,426.46 9083 8424 04/09/66 03/01/89 4.3333 91.69 0937 0 01/01/59 02/01/86 7.4167 935.30 3559 337 08/08/58 08/01/90 2.9167 200.23 4335 12682 02/02/58 05/01/89 4.1667 264.34 4372 16377 11/03/60 02/01/90 3.4167 477.83 4816 34969 01/24/60 09/01/91 1.8333 56.34 6980 16960 09/09/60 08/01/90 2.9167 130.24 5268 35202 01/31/65 12/01/91 1.5833 57.22 6885 11542 02/25/61 04/01/89 4.2500 565.26 7802 8428 03/02/62 02/01/84 9.4167 1,363.90 8650 11694 04/25/61 07/01/89 4.0000 540.90 1439 33080 10/06/60 08/01/91 1.9167 5.19 5630 1977 05/25/61 07/01/88 5.0000 522.40 1181 7167 01/24/58 08/01/77 15.9167 2,582.21 4529 33110 05/10/65 12/01/91 1.5833 64.41 6140 0 12/01/61 10/01/79 13.7500 1,115.53 8303 1679 06/12/61 08/01/79 13.9167 1,776.78 7018 11294 11/11/63 02/01/87 6.4167 1,231.94 2568 17891 10/12/69 11/01/90 2.6667 178.34 5054 1252 09/27/66 09/01/86 6.8333 1,209.56 5267 19727 06/01/72 06/01/91 2.0833 88.22 8531 35010 07/14/63 01/01/92 1.5000 60.94 2132 11172 09/12/63 05/01/86 7.1667 1,305.33 2426 11128 04/24/67 05/01/85 8.1667 1,631.95 4370 9434 07/19/65 05/01/89 4.1667 556.92 4518 2773 05/09/21 08/01/88 4.9167 221.27 5955 19728 06/02/65 06/01/91 2.0833 168.68 8630 9732 12/24/66 05/01/89 4.1667 58.80 0280 0 11/01/65 06/01/84 9.0833 928.84 5811 13863 06/29/69 07/01/91 2.0000 86.22 8188 11132 07/14/67 07/01/85 8.0000 1,232.14 8103 0 02/01/29 02/01/73 20.4167 2,173.46 8646 0 12/01/25 08/01/85 7.9167 606.49 9297 0 04/01/22 09/01/67 25.8333 2,931.99 0431 11338 01/20/65 05/01/87 6.1667 964.68 1715 19321 11/13/30 04/01/90 3.2500 414.46 9120 5628 12/15/30 02/01/53 40.4167 4,399.98 9850 4848 10/09/25 09/01/68 24.8333 2,221.89 1238 10136 06/01/31 03/01/90 3.3333 357.38 1625 14806 02/01/71 04/01/90 3.2500 235.93 5115 12794 09/17/67 07/01/89 4.0000 346.22 8680 16621 10/17/68 06/01/90 3.0833 676.72 8455 35019 06/26/69 02/01/92 1.4167 58.96 9120 12936 11/14/68 10/01/89 3.7500 436.93 9435 11476 01/03/69 06/01/91 2.0833 253.40 9812 17943 10/25/68 05/01/92 1.1667 59.46 8562 17911 07/05/69 12/01/91 1.5833 156.15 8985 11089 01/13/38 05/01/83 10.1667 3,695.09 1751 9374 07/20/72 04/01/89 4.2500 54.91 5567 3103 10/08/70 08/01/88 4.9167 202.55 9522 17735 01/26/70 09/01/90 2.8333 283.20 5062 2752 02/18/34 01/01/88 5.5000 489.64 5313 8351 03/10/33 04/01/83 10.2500 1,680.31 5942 1614 04/14/36 11/01/67 25.6667 5,379.80 6890 0 02/01/32 09/01/66 26.8333 2,269.44 7460 829 09/06/30 06/01/79 14.0833 1,786.01 8838 9491 02/24/37 10/01/85 7.7500 875.64 2831 19723 08/31/72 05/01/91 2.1667 10.50 6625 16266 07/10/54 08/01/90 2.9167 234.61 1905 1300 04/19/37 05/01/53 40.1667 6,178.18 

C-35 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 2765 10398 08/26/36 04/01/89 4.2500 516.01 5932 12679 07/04/34 05/01/89 4.1667 541.96 6964 0 10/01/36 10/01/86 6.7500 494.37 7946 4725 12/16/34 12/01/72 20.5833 3,509.52 9718 19703 01/15/36 12/01/90 2.5833 385.93 4089 21102 06/09/37 02/01/91 2.4167 160.47 6712 5865 10/03/40 03/01/88 5.3333 642.64 6892 9718 04/30/38 01/01/89 4.5000 287.41 2288 5664 02/08/37 10/01/59 33.7500 7,610.16 2851 34936 02/25/42 06/01/91 2.0833 471.45 9215 16906 03/17/41 08/01/90 2.9167 256.21 0085 5407 01/15/39 02/01/77 16.4167 2,230.63 0526 9544 06/28/38 06/01/89 4.0833 380.03 0805 0 12/01/29 08/01/62 30.9167 5,863.10 1765 8579 03/23/38 01/01/80 13.5000 1,813.10 4488 563 05/05/31 05/01/88 5.1667 515.79 6203 8310 10/29/39 02/01/88 5.4167 748.96 3366 16155 01/22/51 02/01/90 3.4167 398.70 6606 16154 12/25/61 02/01/90 3.4167 467.46 5018 11513 10/23/39 01/01/89 4.5000 1,819.63 1781 12823 08/31/43 08/01/89 3.9167 386.63 6770 21131 01/14/71 06/01/91 2.0833 177.35 6820 21130 04/23/67 06/01/91 2.0833 170.92 0136 11011 06/09/46 09/01/81 11.8333 2,444.37 0677 11012 11/22/44 09/01/81 11.8333 1,961.24 0856 0 06/01/44 04/01/83 10.2500 874.67 0862 12287 04/26/44 05/01/87 6.1667 934.74 1288 12241 04/13/46 03/01/87 6.3333 1,059.37 2076 35020 07/30/51 02/01/92 1.4167 51.59 8602 33100 06/04/47 10/01/91 1.7500 49.95 9808 0 05/01/46 02/01/75 18.4167 1,861.55 2635 6108 02/28/48 10/01/67 25.7500 3,003.79 3824 8789 04/26/50 08/01/74 18.9167 2,946.15 3908 5381 10/08/47 08/01/67 25.9167 4,172.36 4427 35323 09/11/47 12/01/91 1.5833 65.15 4791 9279 07/25/47 06/01/86 7.0833 800.00 4983 2283 04/12/48 08/01/79 13.9167 2,816.67 5300 35577 12/21/47 02/01/92 1.4167 17.54 5930 16466 05/17/47 09/01/90 2.8333 226.63 7008 19740 04/09/48 07/01/91 2.0000 87.05 4752 34987 05/27/49 12/01/91 1.5833 57.62 7859 16480 12/21/48 03/01/91 2.3333 133.78 8326 11917 03/20/49 08/01/90 2.9167 297.18 8648 11363 10/27/49 07/01/87 6.0000 1,196.33 5936 3374 01/12/49 02/01/84 9.4167 1,192.41 0892 34927 06/03/50 09/01/68 24.8333 295.63 5367 35548 02/22/53 11/01/91 1.6667 115.08 5724 12518 07/12/51 09/01/88 4.8333 575.55 5835 16365 03/12/50 02/01/90 3.4167 373.15 5873 11066 12/20/52 03/01/81 12.3333 4,143.91 6415 11857 05/03/51 03/01/90 3.3333 398.70 7957 11373 04/21/51 07/01/87 6.0000 956.58 8093 12124 11/03/51 10/01/86 6.7500 1,186.92 9913 0 06/01/48 09/01/81 11.8333 1,460.54 0063 12277 02/14/55 04/01/87 6.2500 775.88 0127 12025 08/12/52 04/01/85 8.2500 2,508.16 0310 11840 04/18/52 01/01/90 3.5000 869.65 1028 11014 08/23/51 03/01/83 10.3333 2,378.48 1280 12293 07/22/50 05/01/87 6.1667 912.74 5838 34899 01/09/55 07/01/73 20.0000 396.72 5029 34931 12/09/53 09/01/79 13.8333 404.42 2613 6169 07/14/55 04/01/74 19.2500 1,888.13 2767 0 03/01/54 09/01/79 13.8333 1,175.64 2789 3037 07/02/53 08/01/88 4.9167 712.55 2975 9500 03/26/52 02/01/72 21.4167 3,038.67 3099 1465 12/13/50 10/01/74 18.7500 1,814.69 4519 0 07/01/57 09/01/86 6.8333 575.85 4932 21139 08/06/54 06/01/91 2.0833 238.97 6147 34370 03/02/55 03/01/84 9.3333 419.50 0444 1199 03/26/61 06/01/86 7.0833 958.17 0480 0 06/01/62 03/01/85 8.3333 830.67 0509 1998 10/31/64 01/01/88 5.5000 474.21 0610 35353 09/22/57 05/01/92 1.1667 55.26 0724 7672 04/02/56 10/01/77 15.7500 1,827.05 0975 16261 07/29/59 10/01/91 1.7500 26.58 3140 2817 02/06/56 08/01/88 4.9167 431.88 3184 10441 01/04/57 06/01/89 4.0833 446.01 3538 2823 01/24/54 08/01/88 4.9167 485.74 1181 34945 11/19/55 07/01/91 2.0000 167.50 1764 35036 04/27/57 06/01/92 1.0833 57.32 C-36 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 2199 16792 01/05/58 07/01/90 3.0000 231.92 0612 12793 10/12/57 07/01/89 4.0000 445.60 7023 12048 05/19/65 06/01/86 7.0833 1,940.77 8849 12134 03/25/56 11/01/86 6.6667 1,040.23 8875 11024 03/03/57 06/01/85 8.0833 1,237.66 0867 15779 09/13/66 08/01/89 3.9167 435.92 1860 12208 06/20/61 01/01/87 6.5000 1,038.82 4786 8790 05/27/63 02/01/84 9.4167 1,072.87 6153 9679 01/07/58 01/01/89 4.5000 675.90 6206 12607 03/03/59 03/01/89 4.3333 543.15 2097 19747 09/07/57 08/01/91 1.9167 69.68 2547 16629 07/25/58 06/01/90 3.0833 264.61 7660 16803 01/30/67 07/01/90 3.0000 261.39 8543 719 07/10/57 05/01/88 5.1667 477.94 0719 4854 07/27/59 03/01/87 6.3333 708.81 1312 11119 04/04/58 11/01/84 8.6667 1,653.53 2297 0 10/01/69 06/01/89 4.0833 46.55 2610 19712 09/16/66 04/01/91 2.2500 292.92 4338 17770 05/22/63 09/01/90 2.8333 304.69 7390 34358 04/03/58 06/01/92 1.0833 238.00 0605 19742 01/01/69 07/01/91 2.0000 129.85 1015 16908 08/02/58 08/01/90 2.9167 242.80 1105 19157 05/10/61 11/01/89 3.6667 385.90 4787 16719 09/09/59 07/01/90 3.0000 265.26 6914 16557 12/28/61 04/01/90 3.2500 346.66 8637 1684 05/09/59 08/01/77 15.9167 3,104.05 0677 19119 12/10/58 10/01/89 3.7500 532.77 2192 12683 11/02/60 05/01/89 4.1667 523.19 4066 5593 09/29/61 07/01/90 3.0000 164.40 7648 35267 01/28/64 10/01/91 1.7500 62.72 8132 9147 08/27/69 05/01/91 2.1667 53.31 9947 7868 12/13/59 07/01/78 15.0000 1,940.59 0107 16989 06/09/68 08/01/90 2.9167 283.48 9735 21161 12/08/68 07/01/91 2.0000 62.98 9792 3061 10/07/65 09/01/90 2.8333 102.88 1134 35553 11/23/67 12/01/91 1.5833 109.24 3317 16120 01/07/58 01/01/90 3.5000 332.90 5531 2357 04/05/59 07/01/88 5.0000 514.40 6071 7018 08/03/65 09/01/87 5.8333 701.19 6693 35513 03/26/67 09/01/91 1.8333 87.12 8096 16158 02/20/59 02/01/90 3.4167 360.01 8719 10076 10/29/58 09/01/89 3.8333 389.07 2883 3560 11/03/68 09/01/88 4.8333 536.33 4286 34932 11/27/62 09/01/84 8.8333 513.89 6562 0 10/01/66 05/01/86 7.1667 760.35 8148 823 12/22/62 05/01/82 11.1667 1,599.86 1224 10107 07/17/68 01/01/90 3.5000 313.88 2236 15932 09/03/71 10/01/89 3.7500 184.69 9094 34965 01/04/64 08/01/91 1.9167 67.41 9279 0 02/01/63 06/01/85 8.0833 635.18 0075 9677 02/17/63 01/01/89 4.5000 612.28 2451 24984 03/18/65 10/01/90 2.7500 231.74 2883 12643 05/17/64 05/01/89 4.1667 570.72 3769 19751 06/06/66 08/01/91 1.9167 82.20 3859 11748 12/29/68 08/01/89 3.9167 345.58 4703 2087 12/20/62 01/01/86 7.5000 2,330.77 4930 8382 09/15/63 03/01/86 7.3333 1,152.64 9337 12331 11/07/68 08/01/87 5.9167 866.51 8400 11457 12/25/63 04/01/88 5.2500 917.66 9706 6430 05/06/67 05/01/89 4.1667 391.26 7411 11335 09/13/63 05/01/87 6.1667 1,001.43 7929 21092 04/25/68 01/01/91 2.5000 71.25 0780 1114 10/14/70 06/01/88 5.0833 299.10 2516 3910 09/05/66 10/01/88 4.7500 383.86 6247 4153 07/11/70 10/01/88 4.7500 272.71 3588 0 07/01/29 09/01/81 11.8333 1,767.99 0617 0 12/01/68 09/01/86 6.8333 689.41 3108 33103 09/28/67 11/01/91 1.6667 62.29 7188 11397 05/15/68 06/01/89 4.0833 753.10 1832 9476 09/17/68 05/01/89 4.1667 730.46 4443 3315 06/19/68 09/01/88 4.8333 501.50 4834 35009 10/20/72 01/01/92 1.5000 60.03 4889 33089 04/20/72 09/01/91 1.8333 62.66 5103 1115 10/05/67 06/01/88 5.0833 457.11 0168 0 05/01/32 09/01/79 13.8333 1,069.14 0575 8301 12/06/32 02/01/49 44.4167 5,912.63 0582 8854 03/25/31 11/01/53 39.6667 6,963.37 2059 0 03/01/30 08/01/78 14.9167 1,127.67 2307 1086 06/04/35 06/01/88 5.0833 682.99 2435 19151 01/11/32 11/01/89 3.6667 423.95 

C-37 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 5564 27264 01/31/31 10/01/91 1.7500 65.56 3322 0 09/01/33 06/01/86 7.0833 816.47 3415 8694 11/24/34 12/01/74 18.5833 2,579.87 3477 1613 04/12/33 09/01/57 35.8333 9,507.81 4186 8826 10/24/32 08/01/71 21.9167 3,163.22 4817 8238 12/08/30 02/01/52 41.4167 4,883.35 6161 15795 09/09/35 08/01/89 3.9167 192.01 6277 2786 12/25/34 06/01/68 25.0833 2,861.30 6569 0 02/01/33 06/01/85 8.0833 541.73 7151 11472 04/18/70 06/01/89 4.0833 533.91 9529 11821 08/29/70 10/01/89 3.7500 429.61 6198 35629 12/04/72 06/01/92 1.0833 65.27 6670 10141 06/15/35 03/01/90 3.3333 335.31 9823 17880 04/14/34 10/01/90 2.7500 216.16 9639 12296 11/30/38 05/01/87 6.1667 993.32 2305 11796 06/07/37 09/01/89 3.8333 418.83 4034 3837 04/18/40 09/01/79 13.8333 1,414.76 4766 4675 09/24/42 02/01/73 20.4167 2,617.08 9719 33116 10/03/71 01/01/92 1.5000 42.31 7659 15946 12/13/69 11/01/89 3.6667 390.95 4759 19772 07/11/37 10/01/91 1.7500 84.87 0580 9286 07/17/40 02/01/89 4.4167 488.73 1739 6917 07/18/36 12/01/82 10.5833 1,532.68 1972 632 10/19/40 03/01/71 22.3333 5,351.55 2500 2298 08/17/39 07/01/86 7.0000 827.78 2514 21138 04/07/41 06/01/91 2.0833 156.07 3281 7449 03/16/42 02/01/70 23.4167 4,434.41 4639 13910 03/30/42 02/01/90 3.4167 441.43 4707 0 03/01/43 02/01/71 22.4167 1,969.06 5784 6911 01/19/38 02/01/66 27.4167 3,391.08 5898 4830 05/04/42 11/01/64 28.6667 3,687.46 7051 5500 04/19/42 01/01/87 6.5000 779.77 6899 34970 03/03/44 09/01/91 1.8333 185.50 7862 1209 05/10/46 06/01/65 28.0833 4,758.68 9657 0 05/01/47 04/01/70 23.2500 2,410.41 7325 0 09/01/47 03/01/87 6.3333 1,008.34 2465 5776 10/15/54 06/01/80 13.0833 4,947.78 3306 1973 02/22/47 07/01/88 5.0000 494.75 4465 4709 11/01/46 11/01/88 4.6667 567.12 2852 12445 10/24/45 05/01/88 5.1667 821.34 3133 11028 08/24/47 09/01/81 11.8333 2,056.71 3365 11099 04/14/49 08/01/83 9.9167 1,607.06 3411 16275 05/29/47 08/01/90 2.9167 21.27 5010 35509 10/02/46 09/01/91 1.8333 79.45 6158 16513 01/13/48 07/01/91 2.0000 36.78 7225 19774 02/18/49 11/01/91 1.6667 69.97 2771 9711 05/03/44 01/01/89 4.5000 413.01 3272 5848 09/02/48 03/01/74 19.3333 2,486.05 4557 17947 04/03/51 05/01/92 1.1667 100.86 4689 15248 09/15/50 05/01/90 3.1667 1,608.44 0861 11931 10/21/47 08/01/90 2.9167 295.52 2026 33114 05/05/32 12/01/91 1.5833 3.33 0328 34353 08/22/50 04/01/83 10.2500 328.50 3386 8626 10/09/39 09/01/69 23.8333 4,900.42 1759 13876 04/03/51 01/01/90 3.5000 345.63 2273 10118 01/16/43 02/01/90 3.4167 218.61 5866 21157 12/23/49 06/01/91 2.0833 88.41 7134 5027 01/17/56 05/01/85 8.1667 883.71 6354 0 04/01/53 02/01/89 4.4167 111.63 6565 11246 02/07/55 10/01/86 6.7500 1,296.26 7069 11044 10/15/52 12/01/81 11.5833 1,898.22 7126 35587 11/03/52 03/01/92 1.3333 81.10 7154 11003 04/06/52 03/01/82 11.3333 2,108.72 7585 0 03/01/53 05/01/86 7.1667 681.67 8529 12313 08/03/51 07/01/87 6.0000 676.19 8929 12250 12/05/44 03/01/87 6.3333 750.56 9290 12144 03/05/55 07/01/89 4.0000 321.16 9417 12045 06/10/53 05/01/86 7.1667 1,111.98 9467 11180 07/10/54 05/01/86 7.1667 1,231.21 0051 0 08/01/57 02/01/84 9.4167 855.96 0121 8407 03/29/53 12/01/86 6.5833 650.19 0500 6122 06/22/53 10/01/87 5.7500 740.26 0988 35302 04/02/52 11/01/91 1.6667 69.57 1385 5418 06/22/52 02/01/76 17.4167 3,171.25 1823 3470 01/13/53 02/01/88 5.4167 528.67 2190 35331 03/29/55 01/01/92 1.5000 60.86 4066 5389 01/15/52 03/01/70 23.3333 3,232.65 4388 816 09/12/53 05/01/75 18.1667 4,116.72 4599 8306 08/25/52 06/01/86 7.0833 1,038.44 4650 14751 12/31/53 05/01/89 4.1667 466.77 C-38 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 4751 9168 05/05/49 06/01/70 23.0833 3,452.98 4822 5954 01/03/54 07/01/87 6.0000 683.30 2729 34930 03/25/55 01/01/78 15.5000 419.59 5849 8328 05/12/57 02/01/88 5.4167 657.42 6571 11018 09/06/56 09/01/81 11.8333 2,900.09 6686 12193 08/11/57 04/01/89 4.2500 587.67 6923 11020 03/15/55 04/01/76 17.2500 3,826.79 7098 19719 05/20/56 05/01/91 2.1667 289.82 7574 11029 04/13/58 09/01/85 7.8333 1,366.63 7586 11038 08/24/58 03/01/82 11.3333 2,319.99 7590 35537 02/01/58 10/01/91 1.7500 109.79 7591 12055 07/22/58 07/01/86 7.0000 1,765.94 7603 16525 10/16/57 07/01/91 2.0000 104.10 7640 12406 07/24/57 03/01/88 5.3333 603.49 7822 11902 04/05/55 07/01/90 3.0000 258.06 8203 12546 09/18/53 10/01/88 4.7500 590.27 8396 11284 05/11/59 02/01/87 6.4167 1,546.02 8617 19763 10/26/58 09/01/91 1.8333 137.48 8708 12114 02/23/55 10/01/86 6.7500 906.11 1498 11082 04/27/55 01/01/83 10.5000 2,526.20 1721 12502 06/15/58 08/01/88 4.9167 451.06 2880 16506 06/18/59 07/01/91 2.0000 89.90 3731 12510 10/07/60 02/01/92 1.4167 12.25 3741 11112 09/06/59 07/01/84 9.0000 1,378.37 8823 35045 10/23/58 06/01/92 1.0833 82.42 0186 19731 03/10/65 07/01/91 2.0000 7.64 0624 19252 09/19/63 01/01/90 3.5000 380.36 1688 34885 12/16/57 05/01/91 2.1667 538.40 2608 8725 08/28/63 06/01/86 7.0833 1,173.29 4015 11150 02/19/64 12/01/85 7.5833 2,053.95 6671 8737 11/12/55 09/01/83 9.8333 1,249.94 8956 10039 09/28/50 07/01/89 4.0000 287.24 0814 11195 06/01/62 05/01/86 7.1667 1,095.15 3060 9113 02/07/56 01/01/89 4.5000 426.30 8199 2005 08/31/57 03/01/74 19.3333 3,294.24 8573 4756 01/26/42 08/01/87 5.9167 765.37 0580 11334 02/26/60 05/01/87 6.1667 963.51 1217 7004 06/07/63 09/01/87 5.8333 670.28 3158 0 03/01/60 07/01/83 10.0000 967.53 4031 11932 09/23/58 08/01/90 2.9167 264.71 4872 1591 07/29/58 07/01/87 6.0000 546.75 9114 14767 09/23/63 05/01/89 4.1667 492.80 9573 11039 09/29/60 07/01/85 8.0000 1,192.97 4169 11658 01/24/60 07/01/89 4.0000 384.67 6293 19267 08/19/59 01/01/90 3.5000 343.65 7272 19718 01/24/60 05/01/91 2.1667 266.45 8343 34992 03/07/70 12/01/91 1.5833 53.59 0073 11504 11/10/70 11/01/88 4.6667 531.09 0984 6174 06/25/61 08/01/84 8.9167 1,061.47 1473 6162 07/27/59 07/01/84 9.0000 899.13 4669 11497 01/28/61 09/01/88 4.8333 467.77 9327 5668 04/26/63 04/01/79 14.2500 3,252.99 0381 927 07/30/71 09/01/91 1.8333 71.38 0436 13946 05/17/70 05/01/90 3.1667 352.79 0912 8153 01/21/69 08/01/87 5.9167 506.30 1777 1975 10/21/60 07/01/88 5.0000 568.18 2120 13907 08/03/67 02/01/90 3.4167 376.68 3443 15934 08/15/70 10/01/89 3.7500 377.55 5364 9896 06/23/60 04/01/89 4.2500 661.46 6629 15748 04/16/68 12/01/90 2.5833 151.19 1429 0 07/01/22 08/01/79 13.9167 1,605.54 9018 11889 11/24/71 06/01/90 3.0833 284.82 9915 2787 06/24/65 02/01/84 9.4167 810.93 0321 29602 07/30/68 04/01/92 1.2500 72.30 0922 0 09/01/62 03/01/85 8.3333 729.14 1018 19320 04/09/63 04/01/90 3.2500 369.61 1827 5368 06/18/64 09/01/85 7.8333 1,119.64 8752 4085 08/08/66 10/01/88 4.7500 369.62 1081 34990 11/30/67 12/01/91 1.5833 56.95 3766 11763 09/01/61 08/01/89 3.9167 410.53 3992 3160 12/04/64 06/01/87 6.0833 727.51 5178 2666 11/27/63 05/01/83 10.1667 1,402.13 7448 14991 11/17/63 09/01/89 3.8333 85.94 7499 16456 09/02/62 09/01/90 2.8333 258.15 8290 12032 12/02/63 02/01/86 7.4167 1,045.35 1119 537 04/18/63 08/01/89 3.9167 539.20 3334 11406 03/16/65 09/01/87 5.8333 1,200.87 7179 0 01/01/63 07/01/82 11.0000 1,276.74 8780 14038 05/20/65 09/01/90 2.8333 268.40 9584 11432 01/31/64 12/01/87 5.5833 851.14 

C-39 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 9073 3054 04/03/67 08/01/88 4.9167 560.78 6289 33162 10/14/65 06/01/92 1.0833 15.10 9594 5781 04/21/66 06/01/86 7.0833 1,374.91 9836 13912 12/14/71 02/01/90 3.4167 162.35 4033 35003 07/18/67 01/01/92 1.5000 82.37 4900 35354 07/09/71 06/01/92 1.0833 43.27 9697 9240 01/20/32 07/01/67 26.0000 3,253.09 4829 12083 04/14/66 02/01/89 4.4167 573.23 9538 4737 02/05/69 12/01/90 2.5833 145.20 2438 29533 01/23/67 04/01/91 2.2500 304.50 3939 16678 11/04/66 07/01/90 3.0000 221.74 2381 35595 09/27/72 03/01/92 1.3333 92.68 6649 8269 10/24/67 08/01/87 5.9167 967.69 8539 10385 12/05/69 04/01/89 4.2500 498.21 0936 3412 03/30/28 02/01/80 13.4167 1,698.39 2310 0 05/01/29 05/01/71 22.1667 2,494.17 2504 0 06/01/29 02/01/76 17.4167 3,101.42 4916 6260 07/10/32 07/01/75 18.0000 2,473.80 9222 8824 02/04/32 05/01/62 31.1667 3,030.74 0434 35561 08/16/71 12/01/91 1.5833 73.05 9444 19076 08/31/70 10/01/89 3.7500 333.85 7314 0 11/01/34 04/01/67 26.2500 5,800.08 3095 34892 11/14/70 06/01/91 2.0833 260.75 5340 12001 03/30/30 09/01/81 11.8333 1,918.51 6081 12021 01/10/34 09/01/86 6.8333 1,040.72 6985 12237 06/16/35 03/01/87 6.3333 1,035.74 9311 12145 06/16/36 11/01/86 6.6667 1,011.83 0060 2145 09/11/54 06/01/89 4.0833 560.79 1433 663 03/18/71 10/01/89 3.7500 344.01 5913 8584 12/09/35 02/01/84 9.4167 891.03 8580 4237 11/01/32 09/01/86 6.8333 768.10 9272 8339 01/29/35 06/01/61 32.0833 4,908.26 2987 4422 04/27/17 09/01/75 17.8333 2,313.23 3071 35303 01/15/36 11/01/91 1.6667 66.47 3100 0 10/01/30 07/01/67 26.0000 2,440.42 3246 0 01/01/29 05/01/59 34.1667 3,837.85 4214 8335 08/15/36 05/01/65 28.1667 6,390.01 5435 0 07/01/26 04/01/63 30.2500 2,067.84 9104 14037 02/07/71 09/01/90 2.8333 205.43 8938 16113 11/05/61 01/01/90 3.5000 435.91 2709 0 06/01/41 09/01/87 5.8333 652.04 2817 12008 11/02/42 09/01/81 11.8333 1,946.07 2968 0 07/01/43 04/01/83 10.2500 1,623.08 3136 12062 03/28/39 08/01/86 6.9167 971.68 3525 12196 02/10/45 01/01/87 6.5000 956.01 3800 16532 06/19/43 08/01/91 1.9167 77.03 4722 11059 10/04/41 09/01/81 11.8333 2,864.80 5541 12437 06/03/42 05/01/88 5.1667 761.57 5575 11091 08/07/43 10/01/85 7.7500 1,306.13 7489 12060 04/08/44 07/01/86 7.0000 1,393.92 8551 3413 02/12/42 03/01/77 16.3333 1,998.96 0500 12070 11/14/40 08/01/86 6.9167 964.43 1302 12517 03/14/40 09/01/88 4.8333 542.29 1487 16367 11/15/44 02/01/90 3.4167 320.85 1549 11045 12/27/42 09/01/81 11.8333 1,838.25 2352 11446 10/16/43 03/01/88 5.3333 840.86 0756 3974 05/13/35 10/01/88 4.7500 360.38 8174 35305 03/22/41 11/01/91 1.6667 47.44 8548 5739 11/16/44 08/01/73 19.9167 3,124.74 9854 29569 08/03/43 02/01/92 1.4167 23.74 9946 19280 01/19/47 02/01/90 3.4167 381.55 2637 35300 11/14/61 11/01/91 1.6667 49.07 5920 2631 07/02/46 08/01/88 4.9167 539.53 6340 34995 05/07/47 01/01/92 1.5000 60.54 1348 960 09/15/48 11/01/75 17.6667 3,721.78 1779 2680 10/04/47 04/01/68 25.2500 3,731.63 5834 17895 08/10/47 11/01/90 2.6667 665.11 1533 14789 06/01/50 06/01/89 4.0833 399.03 4843 1972 07/22/55 07/01/88 5.0000 673.47 7555 35400 09/15/48 07/01/89 4.0000 44.12 9642 269 07/03/48 04/01/88 5.2500 1,250.58 7832 35625 10/09/50 06/01/92 1.0833 123.31 8367 11037 10/11/50 08/01/86 6.9167 3,538.02 8761 11146 10/25/48 09/01/85 7.8333 2,496.09 2966 7270 04/09/50 04/01/74 19.2500 1,869.21 3180 5836 05/09/47 02/01/79 14.4167 1,651.60 3538 7447 04/11/50 04/01/78 15.2500 1,626.23 5767 647 09/30/50 11/01/87 5.6667 594.51 1609 790 03/28/49 02/01/84 9.4167 1,230.57 2956 1184 12/18/49 02/01/84 9.4167 1,193.02 C-40 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 5392 35040 04/01/54 06/01/92 1.0833 69.14 6073 16762 02/13/52 07/01/90 3.0000 195.65 1077 12091 10/12/37 09/01/86 6.8333 787.11 3380 11577 10/09/50 06/01/89 4.0833 470.37 4891 34973 06/07/51 11/01/91 1.6667 60.41 5357 8823 06/05/52 05/01/78 15.1667 4,014.86 5732 0 12/01/28 03/01/71 22.3333 2,501.60 7406 14781 07/21/50 06/01/89 4.0833 474.79 7534 7875 02/07/48 04/01/73 20.2500 2,121.47 9343 9271 02/07/48 09/01/78 14.8333 1,648.47 9517 8868 12/15/49 07/01/72 21.0000 2,688.45 9923 4816 01/28/51 02/01/92 1.4167 34.93 0265 16843 05/25/51 07/01/90 3.0000 272.68 0676 16975 01/21/53 08/01/90 2.9167 230.65 1035 34883 09/21/51 05/01/91 2.1667 362.01 2469 1360 08/01/53 06/01/88 5.0833 1,330.78 3777 14848 12/31/53 07/01/89 4.0000 441.43 0374 14861 06/20/51 07/01/89 4.0000 407.65 5014 11102 02/03/55 10/01/83 9.7500 2,990.12 5516 12014 03/30/54 05/01/82 11.1667 2,652.84 5889 35586 11/02/51 03/01/92 1.3333 102.48 6065 11756 07/10/55 09/01/89 3.8333 540.37 6411 11241 10/06/51 09/01/86 6.8333 1,084.04 6542 16531 01/23/54 08/01/91 1.9167 106.24 7230 19721 08/19/64 05/01/91 2.1667 260.45 0012 11034 06/09/56 01/01/83 10.5000 1,575.46 0162 11512 11/27/53 01/01/89 4.5000 1,243.68 1000 11920 07/27/56 08/01/90 2.9167 238.33 2069 11862 06/25/54 12/01/89 3.5833 410.80 2559 11120 07/08/52 02/01/85 8.4167 1,535.86 2823 16329 03/05/56 12/01/89 3.5833 572.58 3151 12723 02/11/54 06/01/89 4.0833 542.02 3227 12024 11/27/53 05/01/86 7.1667 1,515.67 3629 12820 11/16/60 08/01/89 3.9167 357.14 4287 12689 07/29/53 06/01/89 4.0833 559.27 5411 16810 11/29/57 07/01/90 3.0000 214.55 5422 2261 09/19/60 07/01/88 5.0000 429.23 6573 9680 11/02/56 01/01/89 4.5000 618.70 7488 9707 10/24/55 01/01/89 4.5000 543.50 6742 4523 08/07/54 10/01/88 4.7500 482.50 2656 10040 12/16/56 07/01/89 4.0000 326.68 4500 7424 02/24/66 05/01/87 6.1667 687.45 4812 4274 11/03/58 08/01/78 14.9167 1,721.58 5539 11191 10/03/62 05/01/86 7.1667 1,136.95 7276 11269 07/14/57 09/01/81 11.8333 2,408.26 7490 12464 07/04/57 06/01/88 5.0833 729.46 8209 9807 03/25/65 03/01/89 4.3333 900.11 1315 6197 07/09/55 09/01/86 6.8333 765.21 6052 13838 09/20/62 01/01/90 3.5000 390.53 9977 16306 08/01/58 10/01/90 2.7500 379.19 1158 1012 02/18/60 06/01/88 5.0833 872.77 2357 12404 12/14/56 02/01/88 5.4167 793.64 1451 3993 11/05/58 10/01/88 4.7500 466.16 5383 12061 10/23/58 07/01/86 7.0000 1,057.97 8024 17915 04/04/69 12/01/91 1.5833 81.34 1185 5540 03/11/70 09/01/87 5.8333 330.59 6014 2381 01/06/61 07/01/88 5.0000 776.48 6124 12379 05/18/59 12/01/87 5.5833 889.17 7631 4797 11/22/59 01/01/81 12.5000 2,191.96 4117 14703 01/22/64 05/01/89 4.1667 396.39 5052 9746 04/11/67 02/01/89 4.4167 496.37 5356 32 12/16/63 08/01/86 6.9167 902.14 5697 8791 01/15/63 09/01/82 10.8333 972.42 7275 9926 01/30/63 04/01/89 4.2500 406.36 2853 412 03/29/61 04/01/88 5.2500 640.65 4772 14955 12/20/58 09/01/89 3.8333 319.51 2464 3001 06/12/62 05/01/82 11.1667 1,393.14 4313 11583 11/12/61 06/01/89 4.0833 480.95 8854 9727 11/11/61 02/01/89 4.4167 403.20 2342 17928 02/04/63 02/01/92 1.4167 71.25 8979 8628 07/03/62 09/01/87 5.8333 561.99 9122 12228 04/23/63 02/01/87 6.4167 1,279.56 1253 19309 08/26/65 03/01/90 3.3333 386.17 2404 19150 08/02/68 11/01/89 3.6667 284.79 2943 19707 06/02/62 03/01/91 2.3333 329.90 7629 13998 08/30/66 07/01/90 3.0000 384.09 9669 11752 03/19/64 08/01/89 3.9167 626.63 9688 661 11/28/71 07/01/89 4.0000 303.03 1691 2994 09/05/67 10/01/87 5.7500 1,129.93 2900 9066 09/24/64 11/01/88 4.6667 440.84 

C-41 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 4948 9428 01/25/66 05/01/89 4.1667 387.97 7812 16909 06/06/71 08/01/90 2.9167 175.98 7847 11086 04/02/64 04/01/83 10.2500 1,657.13 2365 3019 07/23/65 07/01/84 9.0000 1,226.18 2367 17099 09/19/66 08/01/90 2.9167 188.62 8161 0 01/01/66 05/01/87 6.1667 516.46 5350 4133 06/10/66 10/01/88 4.7500 552.30 8583 12264 03/16/65 04/01/87 6.2500 1,013.98 8787 12782 05/19/66 06/01/91 2.0833 264.71 0707 35533 04/12/68 10/01/91 1.7500 92.80 1786 7312 11/11/67 06/01/89 4.0833 450.20 2394 8738 06/02/67 09/01/86 6.8333 960.15 4597 35550 10/27/65 12/01/91 1.5833 70.04 5702 620 01/10/66 05/01/88 5.1667 569.78 7430 34981 04/27/72 12/01/91 1.5833 70.42 3077 9756 01/31/66 02/01/89 4.4167 528.02 5997 29512 01/24/67 12/01/90 2.5833 238.72 9786 16444 11/23/67 08/01/90 2.9167 280.52 0440 16754 07/26/70 07/01/90 3.0000 289.24 8001 4312 09/02/32 02/01/53 40.4167 5,388.82 8122 0 04/01/27 02/01/66 27.4167 3,739.09 8189 9133 08/01/30 10/01/49 43.7500 11,734.46 8257 0 03/01/30 02/01/65 28.4167 5,170.69 6335 12587 10/21/33 02/01/89 4.4167 440.57 8314 11027 12/02/31 09/01/81 11.8333 1,803.02 0957 9808 03/15/68 03/01/89 4.3333 478.15 1783 35038 01/12/69 06/01/92 1.0833 29.25 3945 15819 03/26/70 05/01/92 1.1667 81.17 5646 0 09/01/29 09/01/81 11.8333 2,280.77 5923 12390 04/25/31 02/01/88 5.4167 821.13 8436 4832 01/09/34 03/01/86 7.3333 1,002.64 7538 14915 10/28/69 08/01/89 3.9167 341.06 0971 11042 11/04/37 11/01/81 11.6667 3,853.77 4268 11174 04/04/37 05/01/87 6.1667 1,037.44 2589 8512 07/15/36 12/01/64 28.5833 3,463.25 2943 2372 02/04/36 06/01/81 12.0833 2,063.03 8447 35000 11/09/72 01/01/92 1.5000 65.86 0775 1323 07/31/38 11/01/71 21.6667 5,359.91 1102 0 05/01/37 01/01/78 15.5000 1,538.33 1337 8308 06/08/35 07/01/70 23.0000 2,160.91 1960 29592 11/04/34 03/01/92 1.3333 0.25 2007 4853 04/09/37 03/01/56 37.3333 5,289.80 0296 12075 09/15/35 09/01/86 6.8333 958.26 0531 12120 12/21/38 06/01/89 4.0833 535.91 2829 11001 05/11/39 09/01/81 11.8333 7,362.67 3070 11106 09/12/40 04/01/84 9.2500 1,383.67 5193 11130 05/31/37 06/01/85 8.0833 1,792.77 2827 8352 10/12/40 09/01/73 19.8333 2,321.54 6853 2 06/12/40 03/01/88 5.3333 657.10 8298 2865 04/04/37 05/01/65 28.1667 6,920.83 9321 1655 09/01/37 10/01/77 15.7500 1,222.44 9493 2740 08/13/40 08/01/88 4.9167 393.99 9814 1782 10/15/41 11/01/85 7.6667 950.10 1496 14774 05/26/43 05/01/89 4.1667 600.67 8237 0 07/01/47 09/01/86 6.8333 605.81 5123 2274 02/09/44 01/01/80 13.5000 2,757.15 5252 7021 10/10/43 05/01/74 19.1667 2,334.92 5854 1213 02/15/44 08/01/85 7.9167 1,594.52 6447 7453 02/02/44 06/01/66 27.0833 3,586.54 6574 585 12/10/43 08/01/67 25.9167 3,763.61 7030 3765 05/27/36 02/01/70 23.4167 2,953.73 7419 9310 02/11/45 06/01/70 23.0833 2,227.74 9427 11049 02/15/43 09/01/81 11.8333 1,959.49 9575 11035 03/07/45 09/01/81 11.8333 1,873.15 9794 11118 09/11/45 11/01/84 8.6667 995.18 3360 8353 11/05/44 05/01/71 22.1667 3,117.00 3599 2822 12/21/45 08/01/88 4.9167 473.46 5282 35621 06/21/45 06/01/92 1.0833 141.03 6154 11169 02/24/43 04/01/86 7.2500 1,145.13 6495 12122 05/24/44 10/01/86 6.7500 2,029.47 1120 34915 04/12/45 08/01/90 2.9167 161.91 3604 34958 11/28/45 08/01/91 1.9167 67.30 5508 0 07/01/43 10/01/78 14.7500 1,867.20 0675 4430 07/30/47 07/01/84 9.0000 2,831.89 0790 0 04/01/48 10/01/71 21.7500 1,968.04 0914 7391 05/01/47 11/01/71 21.6667 3,531.09 1477 791 02/10/45 05/01/70 23.1667 2,400.72 1549 2510 02/22/44 10/01/73 19.7500 3,217.35 1720 1321 08/17/47 11/01/85 7.6667 1,217.31 1855 34918 03/17/47 09/01/90 2.8333 116.47 C-42 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 2053 16067 05/16/36 10/01/89 3.7500 228.33 9281 11013 10/16/45 09/01/81 11.8333 2,557.80 9462 12037 04/27/45 07/01/89 4.0000 550.13 9835 0 03/01/47 08/01/85 7.9167 788.83 5002 12105 06/15/48 10/01/86 6.7500 1,550.23 6258 35566 09/08/47 01/01/92 1.5000 110.05 6827 16430 03/10/50 08/01/90 2.9167 251.90 7051 11031 10/12/46 03/01/82 11.3333 1,961.88 7691 12118 05/04/48 10/01/86 6.7500 902.26 9988 12334 10/22/45 08/01/87 5.9167 921.40 0295 7722 05/07/47 07/01/66 27.0000 5,171.80 1092 16893 11/30/49 07/01/90 3.0000 201.99 1333 8346 01/02/48 08/01/72 20.9167 2,227.18 3802 2316 02/25/50 09/01/68 24.8333 2,893.62 4132 0 03/01/47 03/01/85 8.3333 794.36 9485 93 09/12/50 08/01/87 5.9167 963.93 4093 34944 09/22/50 07/01/91 2.0000 144.43 6472 3156 12/12/57 08/01/88 4.9167 832.99 0065 9875 12/13/49 04/01/89 4.2500 410.81 0160 9713 08/19/51 01/01/89 4.5000 579.16 1657 16031 05/26/53 10/01/89 3.7500 421.00 1928 19041 12/05/50 10/01/89 3.7500 410.26 8745 34940 09/12/51 08/01/73 19.9167 354.45 3988 15515 04/16/52 07/01/90 3.0000 184.08 6116 34882 12/12/36 05/01/91 2.1667 253.74 7996 4264 01/08/51 10/01/73 19.7500 2,685.30 8327 33081 06/21/49 08/01/91 1.9167 61.80 3017 12522 10/06/41 09/01/88 4.8333 635.89 3163 11897 01/23/56 07/01/90 3.0000 263.72 3549 11008 08/25/53 09/01/81 11.8333 3,571.02 3956 15904 04/18/49 10/01/89 3.7500 1,054.37 4590 9671 01/01/57 01/01/89 4.5000 758.45 5338 35301 10/18/56 11/01/91 1.6667 65.13 9279 34935 03/05/56 07/01/91 2.0000 95.07 5222 2745 03/15/57 02/01/88 5.4167 1,130.66 5295 3732 12/11/59 05/01/81 12.1667 1,850.50 5481 34364 11/01/54 06/01/92 1.0833 143.50 7775 89 04/04/53 09/01/74 18.8333 5,703.13 8522 23 10/17/54 05/01/80 13.1667 1,794.45 9784 4289 04/18/54 08/01/76 16.9167 2,583.55 2249 17789 05/13/59 09/01/90 2.8333 199.75 1256 2603 03/18/57 08/01/88 4.9167 610.76 7646 5816 12/19/55 06/01/84 9.0833 840.90 8169 7170 11/22/55 07/01/87 6.0000 840.29 8493 656 08/16/57 04/01/82 11.2500 1,342.45 8545 6187 01/20/69 12/01/90 2.5833 104.95 0116 8545 11/11/55 03/01/73 20.3333 2,875.51 4584 16504 03/19/58 06/01/91 2.0833 224.84 6017 9247 12/19/34 01/01/87 6.5000 582.08 6114 8913 05/27/55 08/01/87 5.9167 818.82 6447 12533 09/12/57 09/01/88 4.8333 805.38 8437 17933 11/13/58 04/01/92 1.2500 28.72 6143 14777 02/03/64 05/01/89 4.1667 489.81 7859 12022 12/18/57 07/01/84 9.0000 1,487.53 3189 11160 12/23/60 04/01/86 7.2500 1,267.66 8100 9290 05/24/60 02/01/89 4.4167 469.55 8827 12005 06/21/58 09/01/81 11.8333 2,584.34 2628 12376 03/16/43 12/01/87 5.5833 800.91 4323 34376 03/14/61 08/01/86 6.9167 239.25 5598 35602 11/06/65 04/01/92 1.2500 87.73 0252 777 10/02/62 06/01/87 6.0833 959.41 0973 35007 11/17/63 01/01/92 1.5000 74.29 2767 16176 06/15/69 03/01/90 3.3333 368.86 5794 35013 04/06/63 01/01/92 1.5000 78.42 9847 12110 07/11/60 10/01/86 6.7500 990.75 0197 12274 11/24/63 04/01/87 6.2500 191.85 3594 5747 04/14/62 06/01/87 6.0833 734.62 5894 9858 12/27/63 03/01/89 4.3333 460.02 7231 2444 03/18/61 11/01/87 5.6667 796.98 3099 9837 08/11/62 03/01/89 4.3333 666.51 3184 11226 07/03/60 08/01/86 6.9167 906.54 4574 16385 01/29/63 02/01/90 3.4167 403.62 5927 14859 04/24/66 07/01/89 4.0000 378.12 6426 16662 11/17/65 06/01/90 3.0833 340.61 8199 16589 09/04/58 05/01/90 3.1667 379.81 8286 11739 01/01/64 08/01/89 3.9167 413.37 8513 1256 10/06/62 06/01/87 6.0833 1,423.81 9571 11207 12/04/61 06/01/86 7.0833 1,199.39 9666 11859 07/14/60 03/01/90 3.3333 409.27 9875 12275 05/25/62 04/01/87 6.2500 1,010.27 

C-43 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 0627 8921 03/15/63 05/01/82 11.1667 1,656.43 1544 14812 06/06/62 06/01/89 4.0833 484.92 4982 11438 11/26/62 02/01/85 8.4167 1,534.48 7867 2675 08/19/62 05/01/83 10.1667 1,065.56 9663 34941 02/06/63 07/01/91 2.0000 80.19 2500 34345 09/28/61 04/01/92 1.2500 118.15 2646 35525 05/21/62 09/01/91 1.8333 82.03 2841 16114 04/26/64 01/01/90 3.5000 353.95 6088 11143 04/13/65 09/01/85 7.8333 1,324.41 6719 16923 02/14/65 08/01/90 2.9167 253.43 1173 5985 03/12/48 09/01/82 10.8333 1,326.48 3030 11192 11/03/64 05/01/86 7.1667 1,486.52 4207 9580 06/27/64 06/01/89 4.0833 395.17 7159 2684 12/08/64 03/01/85 8.3333 792.34 8419 14963 12/01/64 09/01/89 3.8333 374.01 0059 8427 09/03/68 02/01/88 5.4167 759.58 1269 12559 10/02/64 11/01/88 4.6667 495.97 4593 0 12/01/63 05/01/91 2.1667 198.76 6443 14931 06/03/65 08/01/89 3.9167 468.66 9140 4593 04/17/67 09/01/87 5.8333 654.95 6528 11065 05/26/27 09/01/81 11.8333 3,293.48 3585 7425 05/24/67 08/01/86 6.9167 683.06 4301 15786 11/17/66 08/01/89 3.9167 306.74 8076 0 01/01/67 05/01/85 8.1667 942.47 4086 35556 12/27/67 12/01/91 1.5833 5.64 4706 10485 09/27/70 07/01/89 4.0000 210.26 5213 16925 03/10/68 08/01/90 2.9167 209.38 8069 35257 06/05/68 09/01/91 1.8333 75.54 9323 16373 08/06/68 02/01/90 3.4167 596.04 4593 35516 09/23/67 09/01/91 1.8333 77.60 6999 9720 07/01/66 04/01/92 1.2500 15.74 9453 34991 06/09/72 12/01/91 1.5833 65.74 1976 0 07/01/29 09/01/48 44.8333 8,907.91 2078 0 03/01/27 10/01/75 17.7500 1,367.13 1834 16108 05/14/68 01/01/90 3.5000 88.66 8043 16449 08/14/70 09/01/90 2.8333 329.33 0032 11152 07/02/67 02/01/86 7.4167 1,105.96 2371 16426 11/16/71 04/01/91 2.2500 251.05 7596 839 09/05/28 01/01/88 5.5000 438.85 9292 0 04/01/29 01/01/67 26.5000 2,065.40 2610 3093 02/16/70 08/01/88 4.9167 341.32 6452 16487 04/13/71 03/01/91 2.3333 284.61 1089 0 08/01/30 02/01/60 33.4167 5,154.22 2678 3375 11/19/31 05/01/67 26.1667 3,126.76 3733 16957 01/11/71 08/01/90 2.9167 100.94 5361 11800 03/26/70 09/01/89 3.8333 474.28 8571 14994 02/02/70 09/01/89 3.8333 535.07 6725 0 09/01/28 11/01/72 20.6667 2,410.10 7193 7200 12/31/32 09/01/51 41.8333 9,710.63 7446 5887 03/04/33 05/01/83 10.1667 1,320.77 9757 8721 10/07/32 01/01/51 42.5000 5,230.99 5469 0 04/01/32 09/01/79 13.8333 1,172.31 5899 6332 02/10/36 10/01/85 7.7500 1,096.08 5902 3987 02/01/33 10/01/88 4.7500 465.30 6321 35234 12/17/33 09/01/91 1.8333 36.02 6341 0 09/01/32 02/01/54 39.4167 8,836.73 6835 0 07/01/31 09/01/53 39.8333 5,555.57 6977 4099 10/18/37 10/01/88 4.7500 461.06 7644 0 12/01/17 11/01/52 40.6667 6,652.02 9178 10150 10/04/35 04/01/90 3.2500 272.47 9282 0 12/01/27 01/01/53 40.5000 5,364.08 9491 4807 07/26/35 08/01/61 31.9167 4,843.26 9785 773 06/26/37 04/01/70 23.2500 2,668.45 9795 7668 05/12/35 10/01/59 33.7500 6,695.48 1363 7293 01/15/34 08/01/74 18.9167 1,865.92 2795 11005 07/03/37 09/01/81 11.8333 2,617.24 6248 34900 07/27/38 04/01/67 26.2500 461.28 7241 34933 07/02/39 06/01/71 22.0833 231.96 8521 2607 11/04/37 08/01/88 4.9167 495.41 7468 0 03/01/66 06/01/90 3.0833 64.49 5599 1016 07/13/38 06/01/88 5.0833 583.43 7400 8296 04/01/28 09/01/85 7.8333 809.73 1831 12966 08/26/71 08/01/90 2.9167 265.25 0418 9078 08/12/62 12/01/88 4.5833 319.05 2077 16295 01/17/58 09/01/90 2.8333 229.45 9016 15917 02/09/62 10/01/89 3.7500 422.23 0594 12067 02/12/40 08/01/86 6.9167 1,015.25 2437 11582 09/17/42 06/01/89 4.0833 573.97 2702 35607 12/17/41 05/01/92 1.1667 24.30 4651 11367 07/28/43 07/01/87 6.0000 966.16 C-44 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 6403 16638 12/25/68 06/01/90 3.0833 463.79 7549 0 06/01/30 08/01/87 5.9167 548.18 7707 389 02/23/33 01/01/80 13.5000 1,478.02 0562 0 06/01/39 03/01/84 9.3333 916.88 3130 12618 03/26/38 04/01/89 4.2500 551.13 3941 11519 01/30/43 04/01/89 4.2500 688.49 4419 12128 03/14/42 10/01/86 6.7500 1,055.58 5100 12087 03/14/42 09/01/86 6.8333 1,150.64 5581 11002 02/04/24 04/01/83 10.2500 1,603.45 7942 6307 11/30/37 07/01/85 8.0000 761.38 8902 7294 08/04/42 09/01/69 23.8333 3,178.68 9062 0 01/01/27 09/01/82 10.8333 1,032.52 6632 34949 03/22/47 07/01/91 2.0000 92.04 9491 34966 04/07/48 09/01/91 1.8333 36.42 1347 8604 09/26/48 07/01/87 6.0000 757.71 5142 0 08/01/44 04/01/83 10.2500 1,777.21 5599 35564 03/10/45 12/01/91 1.5833 83.99 6551 12487 10/09/44 10/01/89 3.7500 597.59 6568 12631 08/31/47 05/01/89 4.1667 577.88 6870 12318 06/25/48 07/01/87 6.0000 1,776.04 8772 11908 07/24/47 07/01/90 3.0000 266.14 9426 11570 12/05/47 06/01/89 4.0833 771.60 7550 33118 03/31/48 01/01/92 1.5000 64.97 8357 1783 08/23/47 02/01/87 6.4167 851.78 8539 7450 11/24/48 11/01/67 25.6667 4,638.70 9033 5896 02/11/47 07/01/74 19.0000 2,190.54 9083 3006 11/29/44 06/01/89 4.0833 939.20 9412 4248 09/28/48 06/01/73 20.0833 5,150.58 9749 8559 02/11/43 04/01/72 21.2500 3,020.87 2025 14977 03/22/49 09/01/89 3.8333 342.88 0910 17932 04/14/48 04/01/92 1.2500 66.20 2552 2567 07/02/48 08/01/88 4.9167 463.08 2769 7879 09/17/42 12/01/71 21.5833 2,869.12 3531 7434 04/02/51 12/01/86 6.5833 871.25 3712 1470 01/18/54 07/01/72 21.0000 2,998.09 4255 2871 09/25/50 11/01/72 20.6667 5,340.47 4753 0 09/01/35 05/01/76 17.1667 1,296.49 5560 5364 03/09/58 10/01/78 14.7500 1,680.48 6547 861 04/28/52 08/01/71 21.9167 2,880.07 6894 33105 01/10/51 11/01/91 1.6667 31.00 6937 0 07/01/53 07/01/78 15.0000 2,930.21 8057 11937 05/06/50 09/01/90 2.8333 272.04 8306 12503 05/12/52 10/01/89 3.7500 209.64 8344 12508 01/03/51 08/01/88 4.9167 571.44 8557 0 09/01/50 08/01/85 7.9167 1,534.58 8773 11590 09/22/53 06/01/89 4.0833 618.28 9429 16500 11/26/50 06/01/91 2.0833 348.14 9725 35528 02/22/51 10/01/91 1.7500 74.83 9770 12227 06/11/49 02/01/87 6.4167 834.69 0473 8924 02/07/57 11/01/77 15.6667 1,941.34 0562 8226 02/22/52 10/01/72 20.7500 2,318.00 1012 4735 03/16/52 06/01/70 23.0833 4,105.73 1485 7888 08/21/49 09/01/78 14.8333 1,474.06 1865 2476 12/09/54 04/01/84 9.2500 916.44 2099 925 01/31/53 06/01/88 5.0833 601.93 2432 8735 06/14/55 06/01/73 20.0833 3,579.85 4127 3814 08/14/52 08/01/81 11.9167 1,366.86 4293 7880 07/22/54 07/01/73 20.0000 3,379.29 4294 7461 07/22/54 06/01/72 21.0833 3,726.29 4771 4834 07/06/54 05/01/79 14.1667 1,981.67 4986 3220 11/30/52 08/01/88 4.9167 370.43 8568 17921 07/12/54 01/01/92 1.5000 93.77 8942 14898 06/26/54 08/01/89 3.9167 282.34 9397 16264 08/08/53 08/01/90 2.9167 119.13 1075 7276 02/16/56 06/01/86 7.0833 1,867.06 2120 33163 10/05/57 06/01/92 1.0833 54.23 1232 3262 07/07/53 08/01/88 4.9167 865.15 7280 33106 06/06/67 11/01/91 1.6667 59.46 0535 14183 09/12/44 05/01/89 4.1667 473.75 7269 11811 11/16/50 10/01/89 3.7500 440.80 5663 34948 01/17/51 07/01/91 2.0000 148.28 0432 19756 08/13/42 08/01/91 1.9167 336.00 3048 19741 09/09/52 07/01/91 2.0000 85.09 6735 11173 03/10/50 05/01/86 7.1667 997.48 3687 10898 07/13/52 03/01/89 4.3333 3,295.06 2698 5718 04/10/65 06/01/87 6.0833 695.97 5812 12213 02/28/66 02/01/87 6.4167 966.73 5953 12802 06/03/63 08/01/89 3.9167 329.25 3022 19715 07/27/68 04/01/91 2.2500 258.68 3948 34351 10/02/38 04/01/92 1.2500 265.00 

C-45 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 7775 34344 03/13/42 04/01/92 1.2500 195.70 5989 11121 01/11/45 02/01/85 8.4167 1,415.13 9038 34986 06/02/48 12/01/91 1.5833 60.70 9569 4939 04/04/59 11/01/88 4.6667 1,099.12 7946 14808 09/29/47 06/01/89 4.0833 638.59 2905 35002 05/04/57 01/01/92 1.5000 71.49 4022 11925 06/12/59 08/01/90 2.9167 178.88 6435 13148 12/09/58 04/01/84 9.2500 4,323.44 4087 20935 05/19/61 08/01/90 2.9167 189.70 2073 0 02/01/37 07/01/74 19.0000 5,586.78 1668 12417 05/20/44 03/01/88 5.3333 1,673.95 1171 34903 01/04/56 06/01/91 2.0833 382.77 3992 16933 03/11/50 08/01/90 2.9167 234.49 8061 27340 05/01/60 12/01/91 1.5833 68.86 5372 34977 07/28/66 11/01/91 1.6667 59.01 3587 14348 10/17/61 07/01/89 4.0000 80.29 6715 8466 01/01/31 10/01/69 23.7500 2,994.06 1252 12850 01/29/34 08/01/89 3.9167 434.59 2070 20817 12/21/36 02/01/90 3.4167 626.80 2805 738 10/27/36 05/01/88 5.1667 439.60 2364 35039 08/19/70 06/01/92 1.0833 6.46 2759 35023 03/08/39 06/01/92 1.0833 65.32 7791 12610 12/15/40 03/01/89 4.3333 576.46 0801 21128 05/07/47 06/01/91 2.0833 244.06 5207 19765 02/02/54 10/01/91 1.7500 75.18 3444 30895 10/15/56 09/01/91 1.8333 59.72 5964 23601 12/26/57 01/01/92 1.5000 63.86 7999 18766 09/26/56 01/01/87 6.5000 568.70 9096 23497 03/02/55 05/01/91 2.1667 180.69 9945 18925 06/13/64 04/01/90 3.2500 196.69 3305 18802 07/28/57 06/01/88 5.0833 544.37 6960 18735 08/28/60 08/01/88 4.9167 623.90 2609 11133 06/23/61 07/01/85 8.0000 1,411.35 6016 18765 08/10/66 12/01/86 6.5833 584.62 0930 23544 10/10/71 07/01/91 2.0000 46.69 3494 18955 07/27/57 06/01/90 3.0833 244.19 8480 23655 11/23/65 05/01/92 1.1667 47.32 2861 18980 09/08/69 08/01/90 2.9167 194.25 5429 30862 07/04/63 06/01/92 1.0833 51.30 1933 18840 04/17/68 08/01/89 3.9167 412.14 7908 23514 09/10/68 06/01/91 2.0833 169.18 9035 23612 10/14/70 01/01/92 1.5000 52.48 9442 23631 01/03/70 03/01/92 1.3333 50.25 0377 18778 10/28/34 02/01/88 5.4167 348.57 7070 30791 12/23/37 05/01/91 2.1667 132.21 5467 18825 02/10/36 12/01/84 8.5833 772.73 8629 23605 05/22/38 01/01/92 1.5000 49.14 6248 18792 05/01/47 03/01/88 5.3333 610.28 2870 23614 09/06/49 02/01/92 1.4167 65.69 4335 18777 08/14/48 06/01/89 4.0833 246.26 5637 0 12/01/47 03/01/87 6.3333 508.83 7558 18939 10/13/45 05/01/90 3.1667 193.16 9586 23648 07/07/50 05/01/92 1.1667 4.00 9937 18811 12/09/56 12/01/84 8.5833 889.76 0062 18835 12/15/53 05/01/86 7.1667 743.35 1191 18869 12/09/52 03/01/92 1.3333 53.49 2201 23554 04/14/56 08/01/91 1.9167 66.25 8477 18858 11/10/53 07/01/87 6.0000 436.27 8997 18748 12/20/54 12/01/84 8.5833 1,528.54 8822 23537 07/06/57 07/01/91 2.0000 63.01 9363 18787 07/05/57 04/01/86 7.2500 729.79 0668 18747 02/15/63 02/01/87 6.4167 599.69 1026 18829 04/17/67 04/01/89 4.2500 354.31 2388 23517 02/22/63 06/01/91 2.0833 150.39 0363 18865 06/22/57 12/01/84 8.5833 943.71 3279 31060 01/21/60 04/01/92 1.2500 47.78 3543 23598 02/13/65 10/01/91 1.7500 49.60 9844 18890 04/24/60 01/01/90 3.5000 318.74 5378 23588 08/05/61 09/01/91 1.8333 63.92 4237 3743 01/14/67 09/01/91 1.8333 56.15 4820 23629 06/18/63 03/01/92 1.3333 44.39 3085 18739 09/21/63 07/01/86 7.0000 1,182.85 6900 18900 08/04/64 02/01/90 3.4167 381.82 3122 23659 10/05/66 05/01/92 1.1667 46.60 5667 23633 07/26/34 03/01/92 1.3333 47.21 7382 23678 10/29/69 06/01/92 1.0833 46.99 0629 23643 09/01/70 04/01/92 1.2500 81.97 3448 23481 08/08/38 02/01/91 2.4167 246.95 8876 23483 07/11/44 02/01/91 2.4167 175.24 3725 23625 10/01/46 03/01/92 1.3333 119.98 C-46 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 2406 0 12/01/30 12/01/84 8.5833 699.97 9786 30972 07/25/45 06/01/92 1.0833 49.48 9788 18789 09/07/49 09/01/87 5.8333 431.26 9913 23536 11/23/45 07/01/91 2.0000 35.89 5336 18733 02/19/45 06/01/88 5.0833 688.60 3262 18751 01/01/38 12/01/84 8.5833 931.27 2577 23539 09/28/52 07/01/91 2.0000 43.77 7428 18790 06/26/58 06/01/89 4.0833 297.80 7483 18883 04/22/56 12/01/89 3.5833 350.76 0935 23591 01/19/61 10/01/91 1.7500 72.11 3290 23583 10/27/63 09/01/91 1.8333 59.96 4103 18894 04/19/59 02/01/90 3.4167 278.43 0468 23636 09/24/63 03/01/92 1.3333 62.28 2915 18859 10/08/60 08/01/89 3.9167 160.03 5179 16492 04/19/68 05/01/91 2.1667 186.43 0701 15243 10/16/65 04/01/90 3.2500 838.68 7173 11561 11/25/64 06/01/89 4.0833 639.73 1809 23603 12/30/65 01/01/92 1.5000 57.68 5126 4641 08/04/33 11/01/87 5.6667 1,615.16 6559 23530 11/11/70 07/01/91 2.0000 9.51 4436 30984 01/16/43 11/01/91 1.6667 57.81 0442 0 02/01/41 09/01/86 6.8333 660.60 2804 18867 08/11/44 05/01/88 5.1667 440.30 5454 18762 01/01/53 12/01/84 8.5833 876.48 5566 18860 10/08/49 10/01/88 4.7500 483.92 6324 23560 04/16/49 08/01/91 1.9167 55.76 7213 18937 10/31/43 05/01/90 3.1667 241.16 2499 18916 12/04/57 04/01/90 3.2500 323.75 8131 30744 05/28/57 01/01/91 2.5000 179.17 9507 23581 05/08/68 09/01/91 1.8333 16.87 9617 23512 09/08/67 06/01/91 2.0833 171.94 4729 18898 08/29/61 02/01/90 3.4167 172.03 6205 18979 06/28/59 08/01/90 2.9167 174.75 8090 18775 01/26/60 04/01/86 7.2500 603.12 2439 18843 07/20/60 06/01/86 7.0833 777.75 4700 18878 02/08/60 12/01/84 8.5833 2,864.68 7255 15829 01/07/57 09/01/89 3.8333 342.80 7483 23675 09/30/71 06/01/92 1.0833 18.23 1965 18888 02/25/62 01/01/90 3.5000 307.15 5207 23639 12/11/70 04/01/92 1.2500 43.11 8937 23622 04/27/72 02/01/92 1.4167 45.76 4935 18771 12/02/60 05/01/86 7.1667 785.16 1339 18977 02/23/63 08/01/90 2.9167 165.46 8539 18841 12/13/66 05/01/89 4.1667 492.30 9175 18728 06/18/67 09/01/89 3.8333 342.62 0244 23632 07/03/42 03/01/92 1.3333 50.61 2116 23602 11/22/44 01/01/92 1.5000 69.06 0097 28386 04/20/45 09/01/91 1.8333 93.65 1780 18741 01/20/52 12/01/84 8.5833 1,138.80 0200 35856 04/16/51 10/01/89 3.7500 764.29 5860 23628 07/12/50 03/01/92 1.3333 57.66 6380 23618 08/03/50 02/01/92 1.4167 54.31 6574 18744 03/03/51 09/01/89 3.8333 350.08 7183 18876 03/19/50 10/01/89 3.7500 312.69 1049 18817 09/17/55 08/01/89 3.9167 215.38 6737 35307 02/12/54 11/01/91 1.6667 134.40 3460 18923 10/02/56 04/01/90 3.2500 223.10 5338 16235 02/03/57 07/01/90 3.0000 772.30 0700 18887 09/12/63 01/01/90 3.5000 227.88 3074 18971 10/01/62 08/01/90 2.9167 169.23 9752 34310 01/24/59 08/01/91 1.9167 235.00 9628 18806 09/10/67 05/01/89 4.1667 332.06 1742 23503 10/19/62 05/01/91 2.1667 205.89 3790 23599 02/17/59 10/01/91 1.7500 67.12 4810 18799 11/10/62 10/01/88 4.7500 362.48 4386 18967 08/21/62 07/01/90 3.0000 166.41 0215 18966 01/15/66 07/01/90 3.0000 143.95 9540 18854 12/19/61 12/01/84 8.5833 544.35 1956 23518 10/10/63 06/01/91 2.0833 262.33 2800 18773 06/30/63 06/01/89 4.0833 395.15 1582 23590 01/20/71 09/01/91 1.8333 77.98 2337 18767 05/12/67 07/01/88 5.0000 368.98 0461 36375 11/23/36 10/01/91 1.7500 48.38 5132 30885 06/13/39 09/01/91 1.8333 26.84 2088 18846 01/07/43 06/01/87 6.0833 461.21 3551 34301 12/20/46 05/01/91 2.1667 2,267.20 2031 23658 05/24/47 05/01/92 1.1667 74.29 2068 23549 01/24/51 08/01/91 1.9167 44.01 4190 19317 01/19/52 03/01/90 3.3333 326.25 0034 18742 03/14/55 03/01/87 6.3333 1,726.73 

C-47 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 5334 18779 02/01/60 12/01/86 6.5833 718.45 1115 23657 03/08/63 05/01/92 1.1667 50.58 9352 23660 09/10/72 05/01/92 1.1667 71.83 0607 28425 02/16/61 11/01/91 1.6667 55.03 3573 7805 09/10/62 11/01/90 2.6667 231.34 5550 18753 01/01/63 12/01/84 8.5833 1,315.09 0259 18821 03/10/72 06/01/88 5.0833 55.41 1646 18983 05/25/66 09/01/90 2.8333 200.51 6398 18978 07/10/67 08/01/90 2.9167 164.87 5051 23611 05/03/72 01/01/92 1.5000 44.53 2805 23593 06/26/72 10/01/91 1.7500 60.38 9561 9231 11/12/36 10/01/72 20.7500 4,357.77 1524 23630 08/07/36 03/01/92 1.3333 49.68 1755 23621 02/04/35 02/01/92 1.4167 48.45 9806 18820 06/16/47 12/01/84 8.5833 1,031.25 8011 18958 03/17/49 07/01/90 3.0000 169.44 8719 18889 11/11/42 01/01/90 3.5000 292.99 2764 23607 06/19/54 01/01/92 1.5000 58.21 2833 18922 11/12/53 04/01/90 3.2500 253.49 3131 23677 09/28/51 06/01/92 1.0833 47.14 3265 18866 01/08/51 12/01/84 8.5833 808.92 3436 18763 05/28/53 11/01/86 6.6667 698.77 3593 23541 01/09/59 07/01/91 2.0000 55.87 3646 23484 12/05/55 03/01/91 2.3333 180.20 8553 10881 01/05/53 02/01/89 4.4167 1,400.65 4936 23504 06/11/55 05/01/91 2.1667 156.34 1626 18862 08/29/65 02/01/89 4.4167 460.24 4962 23556 09/29/71 08/01/91 1.9167 88.75 4155 18826 08/17/56 01/01/91 2.5000 76.91 2778 18785 02/11/69 08/01/89 3.9167 239.40 4590 18919 02/14/61 04/01/90 3.2500 470.42 5117 18904 09/04/70 11/01/91 1.6667 1.04 7780 23487 07/07/64 05/01/91 2.1667 155.04 2012 23538 08/29/64 07/01/91 2.0000 63.11 1326 28459 06/26/61 01/01/92 1.5000 80.81 5642 23489 12/16/63 05/01/91 2.1667 177.12 4807 18745 03/31/62 12/01/84 8.5833 1,267.63 4501 18794 09/30/60 04/01/89 4.2500 310.25 8191 18827 01/11/64 02/01/88 5.4167 724.55 8326 23597 01/10/61 10/01/91 1.7500 58.90 7763 18780 04/08/67 05/01/85 8.1667 1,122.96 5139 18812 08/21/64 08/01/89 3.9167 332.72 4258 31094 05/25/36 05/01/92 1.1667 46.51 4985 18901 08/21/71 02/01/90 3.4167 189.52 7755 12136 04/11/41 11/01/86 6.6667 1,020.37 2939 31113 12/17/42 00/01/00 93.5000 8.69 0252 18752 03/09/40 04/01/89 4.2500 533.48 2464 18935 06/21/43 05/01/90 3.1667 262.72 4079 20853 12/08/46 04/01/90 3.2500 397.08 4818 31129 01/06/44 06/01/92 1.0833 38.39 5901 18758 10/04/50 04/01/88 5.2500 627.37 4747 23640 06/02/54 04/01/92 1.2500 75.00 5099 23559 02/05/58 08/01/91 1.9167 69.45 6052 18848 09/28/57 10/01/86 6.7500 617.01 6122 18772 12/24/56 08/01/89 3.9167 221.54 6887 23488 05/04/61 05/01/91 2.1667 195.47 9642 18754 03/12/49 08/01/89 3.9167 163.02 4363 18793 02/01/65 12/01/84 8.5833 998.31 0222 18822 06/20/60 08/01/85 7.9167 723.38 6422 23566 09/12/59 08/01/91 1.9167 78.42 8278 18804 04/23/62 05/01/89 4.1667 352.66 3783 18839 06/03/63 12/01/84 8.5833 669.08 3569 23604 03/06/67 01/01/92 1.5000 53.83 5148 23679 06/23/32 06/01/92 1.0833 42.91 4982 18851 09/10/70 07/01/88 5.0000 396.91 9305 23669 12/30/70 05/01/92 1.1667 54.10 7151 18782 12/24/31 04/01/86 7.2500 558.02 2291 23623 11/15/67 02/01/92 1.4167 81.78 2347 28431 12/11/39 11/01/91 1.6667 54.41 8240 23609 03/30/37 01/01/92 1.5000 48.37 0907 18731 04/30/42 12/01/84 8.5833 1,321.22 1502 23507 12/29/44 06/01/91 2.0833 159.85 8555 18914 10/22/43 04/01/90 3.2500 270.57 8956 23479 08/16/43 12/01/90 2.5833 424.18 5611 13122 07/07/46 02/01/80 13.4167 4,337.48 7318 18989 08/04/47 09/01/90 2.8333 201.47 1734 2142 07/01/47 06/01/89 4.0833 265.44 9288 30697 04/05/50 11/01/90 2.6667 209.19 7377 23584 11/12/70 09/01/91 1.8333 70.20 8564 18896 06/22/70 02/01/90 3.4167 197.29 C-48 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 9253 18982 10/27/68 06/01/91 2.0833 275.67 9766 18911 06/29/71 07/01/91 2.0000 27.44 9727 23552 09/09/56 08/01/91 1.9167 8.66 2059 0 08/01/63 07/01/86 7.0000 524.86 3722 18823 08/21/64 05/01/89 4.1667 115.94 4402 23505 04/29/59 05/01/91 2.1667 184.93 7286 18864 02/12/64 09/01/89 3.8333 171.65 7876 0 08/01/60 12/01/84 8.5833 954.73 8013 18892 05/17/66 01/01/90 3.5000 288.60 0338 23542 07/03/66 07/01/91 2.0000 11.50 5158 18880 01/12/61 12/01/84 8.5833 2,151.13 8137 20971 03/15/59 09/01/90 2.8333 261.41 8946 30737 08/17/61 01/01/91 2.5000 213.74 2177 23666 08/17/62 05/01/92 1.1667 70.25 1733 30686 12/21/59 10/01/90 2.7500 163.05 8042 18856 02/15/61 12/01/86 6.5833 587.96 1735 0 09/01/25 12/01/84 8.5833 454.73 8765 12337 12/07/50 09/01/87 5.8333 1,102.45 1864 23600 01/31/62 11/01/91 1.6667 51.91 5305 23668 04/13/64 05/01/92 1.1667 61.31 9322 18885 09/19/69 01/01/90 3.5000 254.98 2909 18886 09/11/68 01/01/90 3.5000 120.33 0252 18808 10/31/35 01/01/88 5.5000 680.65 8676 23490 07/26/40 05/01/91 2.1667 167.20 3103 18816 05/18/53 11/01/88 4.6667 463.53 6063 23610 08/08/72 01/01/92 1.5000 1.32 1274 23606 03/23/41 01/01/92 1.5000 59.85 1197 23613 09/13/43 01/01/92 1.5000 21.46 7393 18838 08/17/43 09/01/86 6.8333 669.72 8152 18755 03/26/51 12/01/84 8.5833 857.89 9422 18895 05/24/47 02/01/90 3.4167 310.02 2535 8026 08/15/52 09/01/81 11.8333 3,628.30 9045 30910 12/03/53 09/01/91 1.8333 51.89 0040 478 10/11/56 05/01/88 5.1667 870.43 3570 31072 05/09/55 04/01/92 1.2500 55.93 4286 30728 11/17/55 01/01/91 2.5000 195.13 6449 20947 10/26/56 08/01/90 2.9167 199.39 6817 18870 06/09/56 06/01/89 4.0833 429.21 0787 30959 08/07/58 11/01/91 1.6667 5.50 5029 30916 07/17/58 09/01/91 1.8333 58.59 8852 30709 12/22/34 11/01/90 2.6667 259.13 4946 6933 01/20/65 05/01/89 4.1667 573.71 7505 23608 04/26/60 01/01/92 1.5000 65.72 0703 14462 09/10/61 10/01/89 3.7500 328.18 7914 30780 01/23/42 04/01/91 2.2500 195.99 3569 18824 04/30/42 08/01/88 4.9167 463.01 1828 30982 11/05/50 11/01/91 1.6667 8.22 3701 20981 07/18/50 10/01/90 2.7500 153.02 8906 23540 03/13/51 07/01/91 2.0000 61.29 5314 11866 12/21/56 04/01/90 3.2500 1,481.22 9680 30741 11/10/29 01/01/91 2.5000 106.32 2338 20950 02/24/68 08/01/90 2.9167 208.27 5790 12053 08/01/59 07/01/86 7.0000 1,068.81 1482 31019 05/06/62 01/01/92 1.5000 58.98 0992 20870 10/07/57 07/01/90 3.0000 166.07 5424 20833 03/17/39 03/01/90 3.3333 356.51 9005 30721 07/30/42 12/01/90 2.5833 164.81 1966 20866 04/20/42 04/01/90 3.2500 383.48 9405 20940 06/10/62 08/01/90 2.9167 275.70 0382 31093 11/16/45 05/01/92 1.1667 3.19 6898 15223 01/23/50 01/01/90 3.5000 1,711.15 2776 31137 11/16/65 06/01/92 1.0833 40.77 5741 30689 07/18/52 10/01/90 2.7500 202.68 1024 34962 11/23/53 08/01/91 1.9167 113.61 7595 12872 07/16/56 09/01/89 3.8333 226.19 8807 20864 04/15/58 04/01/90 3.2500 300.27 9166 20895 02/03/52 05/01/90 3.1667 283.51 7940 11280 07/08/56 02/01/87 6.4167 1,189.79 0491 30937 12/10/58 10/01/91 1.7500 36.16 5818 20946 02/16/35 08/01/90 2.9167 167.99 1969 18750 07/20/56 07/01/89 4.0000 247.23 8999 18832 03/17/61 07/01/88 5.0000 293.93 8578 18879 10/25/33 12/01/84 8.5833 2,153.50 7162 18736 11/01/39 01/01/88 5.5000 559.62 9185 23647 05/14/66 05/01/92 1.1667 62.63 3940 30995 01/01/62 12/01/91 1.5833 46.21 3780 33178 07/08/41 06/01/92 1.0833 11.68 3454 23550 06/20/40 08/01/91 1.9167 39.00 3134 20938 09/02/44 08/01/90 2.9167 229.68 3500 30851 04/06/46 07/01/91 2.0000 16.59 

C-49 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 8204 20916 07/08/61 06/01/91 2.0833 256.70 8042 20932 11/20/44 08/01/90 2.9167 233.65 0626 31065 09/12/64 04/01/92 1.2500 47.16 1313 8501 04/03/50 03/01/90 3.3333 325.66 2751 31061 06/06/65 04/01/92 1.2500 67.11 8956 30760 06/19/52 02/01/91 2.4167 227.84 9852 31058 01/01/56 04/01/92 1.2500 20.92 3666 30751 11/04/59 02/01/91 2.4167 173.14 8173 30683 10/26/31 10/01/90 2.7500 186.00 5802 34974 11/24/60 11/01/91 1.6667 71.43 9366 20964 09/26/35 09/01/90 2.8333 195.49 6845 18800 07/13/47 02/01/89 4.4167 482.91 5977 31091 12/28/64 05/01/92 1.1667 30.79 3280 27329 10/23/64 12/01/91 1.5833 40.65 6120 30890 08/24/67 09/01/91 1.8333 34.27 0638 30876 01/26/54 09/01/91 1.8333 44.50 2784 28540 05/09/62 05/01/92 1.1667 14.87 9726 31105 07/04/65 05/01/92 1.1667 6.05 7180 1780 04/16/41 03/01/66 27.3333 4,196.17 6499 35258 12/21/62 10/01/91 1.7500 64.21 7128 23579 08/02/46 09/01/91 1.8333 71.67 8230 20822 05/27/52 03/01/90 3.3333 363.92 5760 20952 06/04/51 08/01/90 2.9167 152.03 5051 20855 01/06/53 04/01/90 3.2500 320.26 5072 31031 04/11/53 03/01/92 1.3333 36.54 5868 30764 10/08/53 02/01/91 2.4167 193.13 7890 30909 08/25/55 09/01/91 1.8333 46.86 6303 11607 06/27/54 06/01/89 4.0833 542.32 3559 35534 11/21/55 10/01/91 1.7500 68.59 3939 14133 02/18/57 04/01/89 4.2500 874.10 1022 1711 12/31/59 06/01/88 5.0833 863.09 2424 34955 07/03/41 08/01/91 1.9167 77.54 4727 31050 07/28/42 03/01/92 1.3333 41.27 6878 20986 05/10/43 10/01/90 2.7500 154.04 0224 30931 12/16/41 10/01/91 1.7500 42.97 0206 20914 09/09/62 04/01/91 2.2500 204.55 6930 30871 02/14/67 08/01/91 1.9167 7.97 9565 5767 08/19/43 08/01/84 8.9167 1,296.04 8567 5202 08/27/47 09/01/90 2.8333 223.51 9071 20948 03/06/46 08/01/90 2.9167 197.73 9477 20939 12/10/47 08/01/90 2.9167 159.45 7807 31066 09/04/71 04/01/92 1.2500 68.91 7090 31084 09/01/65 04/01/92 1.2500 39.18 7286 0 10/01/52 01/01/85 8.5000 2,313.62 3195 30796 04/28/54 05/01/91 2.1667 164.52 1056 30745 02/04/55 01/01/91 2.5000 174.31 0723 30803 05/19/53 05/01/91 2.1667 182.51 5716 30831 07/12/58 06/01/91 2.0833 137.62 8480 18877 01/11/60 11/01/89 3.6667 387.11 3727 4687 06/07/59 11/01/88 4.6667 1,375.98 4373 20941 12/04/60 08/01/90 2.9167 234.58 5569 31048 03/29/68 03/01/92 1.3333 29.79 7440 1221 07/11/61 06/01/87 6.0833 574.11 9518 23567 11/10/57 08/01/91 1.9167 27.93 1706 20839 12/29/40 04/01/90 3.2500 424.41 9905 31007 02/25/67 12/01/91 1.5833 53.77 1353 20924 07/28/42 01/01/91 2.5000 223.52 7691 30808 05/14/41 05/01/91 2.1667 276.97 0512 30838 12/02/68 07/01/91 2.0000 35.70 6201 30795 12/06/63 05/01/91 2.1667 166.69 4750 18842 07/20/45 10/01/85 7.7500 927.03 0296 4571 04/06/64 07/01/90 3.0000 212.11 0312 28395 03/27/65 10/01/91 1.7500 46.31 4158 30914 07/01/69 09/01/91 1.8333 53.84 9955 28362 09/24/48 08/01/91 1.9167 29.20 8282 20966 01/29/49 09/01/90 2.8333 173.48 0981 4812 04/11/50 05/01/80 13.1667 2,587.85 4305 20828 05/26/46 03/01/90 3.3333 430.78 2767 20827 05/28/51 03/01/90 3.3333 329.39 9085 35510 10/08/50 09/01/91 1.8333 104.68 7694 24756 03/20/56 07/01/91 2.0000 58.29 7407 13166 01/17/50 09/01/74 18.8333 27,280.31 8165 2855 03/07/62 01/01/86 7.5000 662.14 9229 28525 10/20/60 05/01/92 1.1667 59.10 2192 11194 03/14/33 05/01/86 7.1667 1,140.19 8227 0 08/01/36 05/01/75 18.1667 5,091.58 7660 34894 08/16/38 06/01/91 2.0833 520.08 1589 13156 04/23/43 07/01/74 19.0000 35,526.45 7820 35358 07/03/57 06/01/92 1.0833 59.77 3235 7954 03/18/40 02/01/75 18.4167 4,331.39 C-50 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 2253 13070 10/13/43 09/01/77 15.8333 7,852.49 0931 21104 08/07/39 04/01/91 2.2500 441.79 4054 781 02/18/58 05/01/88 5.1667 1,252.03 2659 31009 09/26/35 01/01/92 1.5000 54.07 9553 28535 07/31/46 05/01/92 1.1667 115.34 6511 6977 11/17/47 07/01/89 4.0000 292.34 9029 24858 10/31/66 03/01/92 1.3333 9.88 2980 23586 02/02/52 09/01/91 1.8333 67.12 1028 30770 06/27/53 03/01/91 2.3333 203.20 3256 3857 06/24/61 10/01/88 4.7500 824.39 0959 11136 01/31/62 08/01/85 7.9167 2,147.20 4069 7403 08/24/55 04/01/90 3.2500 375.00 5495 4603 05/06/37 11/01/88 4.6667 529.74 3959 11929 05/26/50 08/01/90 2.9167 275.62 2426 8097 10/23/38 02/01/87 6.4167 749.80 2590 23572 08/28/65 09/01/91 1.8333 50.22 8252 30882 11/18/67 09/01/91 1.8333 93.99 8336 30715 11/18/69 11/01/90 2.6667 22.50 9150 0 12/01/48 11/01/80 12.6667 2,692.16 8399 18940 07/30/39 05/01/90 3.1667 228.36 4741 0 02/01/50 03/01/84 9.3333 11,673.07 0217 28330 06/06/69 03/01/91 2.3333 32.90 2092 291 11/01/60 05/01/88 5.1667 1,292.05 2235 5209 02/09/67 09/01/90 2.8333 70.69 4814 14428 08/12/50 09/01/89 3.8333 358.48 5739 34306 07/29/65 06/01/91 2.0833 836.45 3040 15094 01/18/62 09/01/89 3.8333 1,487.24 9337 14245 10/27/43 05/01/89 4.1667 450.51 8211 6996 08/05/38 07/01/89 4.0000 334.12 5046 35246 10/06/62 09/01/91 1.8333 29.37 5765 13188 04/17/59 07/01/84 9.0000 2,884.55 8608 9970 11/14/43 01/01/89 4.5000 407.51 3504 4377 05/13/58 10/01/88 4.7500 521.60 6679 12705 01/28/64 06/01/89 4.0833 514.80 5917 28382 02/21/52 09/01/91 1.8333 68.08 8650 14384 09/19/40 08/01/89 3.9167 491.38 7506 11075 09/30/62 06/01/82 11.0833 2,671.25 3240 28531 01/16/50 05/01/92 1.1667 58.61 5115 9292 04/02/52 05/01/86 7.1667 1,623.43 2051 12469 03/06/51 06/01/88 5.0833 731.28 8003 2693 07/03/36 11/01/75 17.6667 6,633.27 1560 5161 09/04/65 08/01/90 2.9167 276.47 6971 18740 04/15/38 09/01/88 4.8333 1,059.49 2815 14503 12/10/53 11/01/89 3.6667 281.33 9363 6574 04/01/39 01/01/89 4.5000 1,381.12 2599 28520 05/19/51 05/01/92 1.1667 61.90 1918 28496 11/23/60 04/01/92 1.2500 86.75 8409 787 08/26/56 05/01/88 5.1667 1,687.52 3678 13066 11/15/52 07/01/81 12.0000 9,987.60 6033 6868 08/30/52 07/01/87 6.0000 599.26 8676 12833 01/21/50 08/01/89 3.9167 182.76 7902 28505 01/28/60 04/01/92 1.2500 62.17 8468 12958 07/09/70 10/01/89 3.7500 337.22 7668 12161 07/22/61 12/01/86 6.5833 1,307.40 0563 13102 04/02/43 07/01/82 11.0000 10,986.46 5785 5922 04/20/25 08/01/87 5.9167 426.25 0878 13181 01/10/35 11/01/72 20.6667 13,687.12 3695 34322 06/20/58 02/01/85 8.4167 1,494.87 6533 12673 01/09/51 05/01/89 4.1667 536.79 3628 12920 03/17/59 09/01/89 3.8333 361.52 5600 14584 01/19/53 03/01/90 3.3333 581.73 9534 14195 09/11/55 05/01/89 4.1667 428.70 7411 7655 12/17/37 06/01/82 11.0833 1,163.93 3267 19766 05/04/67 09/01/91 1.8333 84.55 4976 16783 05/20/60 07/01/90 3.0000 334.09 9934 4480 08/03/50 10/01/88 4.7500 2,713.12 8661 19771 04/08/51 10/01/91 1.7500 90.49 0298 20937 09/24/64 12/01/91 1.5833 38.46 6140 34332 11/21/67 02/01/92 1.4167 80.58 3397 21755 04/07/69 01/01/91 2.5000 281.32 3351 11259 09/14/62 11/01/86 6.6667 1,366.86 7245 15230 06/09/68 03/01/90 3.3333 454.68 9150 12052 02/05/50 07/01/86 7.0000 1,922.10 9831 11062 09/23/38 09/01/81 11.8333 5,370.20 9293 0 11/01/46 07/01/75 18.0000 4,464.80 0497 17780 11/28/63 09/01/90 2.8333 318.47 6820 12035 08/19/58 04/01/86 7.2500 1,269.18 6574 11258 12/20/63 11/01/86 6.6667 1,335.14 2549 12096 12/18/53 09/01/86 6.8333 1,779.84 3358 14230 04/11/60 05/01/89 4.1667 320.91 

C-51 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 8145 13147 10/19/42 09/01/68 24.8333 43,556.23 4168 15769 04/06/58 08/01/89 3.9167 360.57 3034 11947 02/07/48 09/01/90 2.8333 285.16 3386 13123 06/23/53 11/01/81 11.6667 4,407.18 8420 16849 11/28/57 07/01/90 3.0000 294.54 1563 4990 12/22/58 12/01/88 4.5833 1,185.46 0873 15262 01/19/56 07/01/90 3.0000 1,091.35 1333 16082 04/08/68 11/01/89 3.6667 365.83 5527 11771 09/08/61 08/01/89 3.9167 393.19 4540 13161 03/12/46 06/01/77 16.0833 5,545.65 1139 13157 01/24/43 11/01/81 11.6667 7,025.28 5525 27343 12/24/63 12/01/91 1.5833 71.44 5972 3755 09/03/58 09/01/88 4.8333 440.48 2961 13005 03/10/35 11/01/74 18.6667 6,616.90 7519 35605 12/27/45 00/01/00 93.5000 158.65 5758 35037 11/26/56 06/01/92 1.0833 55.18 7941 13127 06/29/39 11/01/64 28.6667 41,023.48 4865 12934 03/24/48 10/01/89 3.7500 335.43 6323 35345 01/26/48 04/01/92 1.2500 316.50 9703 5087 04/19/62 01/01/89 4.5000 1,176.55 9263 6440 02/04/45 06/01/85 8.0833 791.57 2490 20974 02/27/41 09/01/90 2.8333 77.81 0243 14765 11/04/53 05/01/89 4.1667 439.30 7496 12436 09/04/59 05/01/88 5.1667 603.83 9805 15244 01/16/60 04/01/90 3.2500 497.35 7145 28485 05/11/32 03/01/92 1.3333 11.10 9337 28393 04/29/43 10/01/91 1.7500 62.51 3365 12154 07/04/59 12/01/86 6.5833 1,681.53 1703 11141 05/12/61 09/01/85 7.8333 1,271.09 4612 14412 04/06/48 08/01/89 3.9167 563.78 7738 14304 10/22/66 06/01/89 4.0833 366.74 3171 9511 07/13/53 11/01/80 12.6667 4,750.29 1883 11230 06/23/59 06/01/89 4.0833 637.54 4804 30789 07/13/69 04/01/91 2.2500 190.81 1658 11592 04/01/70 06/01/89 4.0833 400.13 1910 12372 07/17/46 11/01/87 5.6667 1,007.17 7460 12190 08/19/49 01/01/87 6.5000 1,025.33 6043 5146 03/03/50 08/01/90 2.9167 216.81 5052 19777 11/08/56 01/01/92 1.5000 220.50 7051 16494 12/24/62 06/01/91 2.0833 251.07 2677 35511 03/19/38 09/01/91 1.8333 88.59 5992 14377 06/03/55 08/01/89 3.9167 411.81 9441 16523 04/08/60 10/01/91 1.7500 109.96 3820 14175 06/05/61 04/01/89 4.2500 496.17 9274 12279 02/01/68 04/01/87 6.2500 787.28 6405 14529 09/01/48 12/01/89 3.5833 527.83 9936 12113 08/04/49 10/01/86 6.7500 1,148.64 2278 12138 03/18/54 11/01/86 6.6667 1,375.98 0729 12925 08/09/57 09/01/89 3.8333 476.47 9658 11721 10/07/58 08/01/89 3.9167 343.79 8247 19726 06/17/60 06/01/91 2.0833 526.12 9573 12231 04/07/64 02/01/87 6.4167 909.03 2976 0 07/01/25 09/01/81 11.8333 1,639.65 4551 20882 03/31/33 05/01/90 3.1667 357.71 8603 14129 05/13/43 03/01/89 4.3333 504.42 2004 14473 10/12/41 02/01/91 2.4167 234.73 6646 12084 02/16/53 09/01/86 6.8333 1,124.23 2027 28364 02/13/54 10/01/91 1.7500 62.42 7305 35529 07/27/57 10/01/91 1.7500 110.11 7206 30834 06/17/43 06/01/91 2.0833 136.47 3691 14366 07/31/42 08/01/89 3.9167 348.48 7893 12447 02/10/40 05/01/88 5.1667 536.72 1292 28297 02/05/44 01/01/91 2.5000 189.28 8282 4686 09/15/56 07/01/90 3.0000 89.38 1599 30807 11/18/55 05/01/91 2.1667 211.22 3519 3889 07/11/64 07/01/90 3.0000 227.01 6429 30772 06/18/62 03/01/91 2.3333 87.13 7394 14535 07/21/72 07/01/90 3.0000 25.86 7929 31044 05/29/67 03/01/92 1.3333 29.20 9063 14527 09/09/65 12/01/89 3.5833 402.79 5250 28368 12/30/69 08/01/91 1.9167 56.49 6390 28328 06/14/70 02/01/91 2.4167 238.21 7366 28327 06/14/70 02/01/91 2.4167 213.13 2671 31114 10/02/72 06/01/92 1.0833 27.60 0663 14185 06/15/30 05/01/89 4.1667 472.41 1947 28447 03/13/34 01/01/92 1.5000 66.44 5515 14101 02/20/34 03/01/89 4.3333 491.92 6564 30707 02/25/36 11/01/90 2.6667 199.10 4665 14606 08/31/37 04/01/90 3.2500 432.69 5557 30875 12/01/38 09/01/91 1.8333 61.81 C-52 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 4591 14155 11/02/35 04/01/89 4.2500 516.46 0581 20837 03/01/42 04/01/90 3.2500 327.66 0927 30997 06/01/41 12/01/91 1.5833 30.29 5810 28513 05/30/40 04/01/92 1.2500 66.26 1438 20840 07/07/45 04/01/90 3.2500 272.24 2930 14169 05/19/42 04/01/89 4.2500 486.96 3152 28323 01/01/69 02/01/91 2.4167 199.28 3523 14641 09/21/43 05/01/90 3.1667 399.08 5139 14397 05/08/45 08/01/89 3.9167 418.99 5427 28517 12/06/50 04/01/92 1.2500 61.96 5940 4532 09/08/47 07/01/90 3.0000 241.94 8978 20977 05/22/51 09/01/90 2.8333 222.37 9033 20956 08/04/50 08/01/90 2.9167 192.82 3833 14417 01/26/56 08/01/89 3.9167 288.69 3948 28301 08/08/53 01/01/91 2.5000 156.75 2051 28384 10/02/55 09/01/91 1.8333 61.85 2468 14597 08/09/54 03/01/90 3.3333 323.30 5154 20826 08/23/55 03/01/90 3.3333 354.93 6180 30925 04/04/61 10/01/91 1.7500 40.54 9452 20960 01/30/58 09/01/90 2.8333 223.40 7231 20862 02/26/56 04/01/90 3.2500 222.34 5470 4978 07/16/58 12/01/88 4.5833 1,887.95 0397 30992 09/11/59 12/01/91 1.5833 70.50 0577 28375 09/25/59 09/01/91 1.8333 68.73 8098 28557 02/09/59 06/01/92 1.0833 66.65 9153 31033 11/13/67 03/01/92 1.3333 42.66 9197 14209 07/19/70 05/01/89 4.1667 273.58 2139 30897 07/26/59 09/01/91 1.8333 20.33 2617 11688 09/11/58 05/01/91 2.1667 161.03 6129 31089 09/08/63 05/01/92 1.1667 57.19 3807 30887 12/27/67 09/01/91 1.8333 64.98 5502 14176 11/13/61 04/01/89 4.2500 426.76 7208 14147 07/14/66 04/01/89 4.2500 747.31 2223 30703 01/03/66 11/01/90 2.6667 197.05 6410 4875 04/10/65 08/01/90 2.9167 204.65 2134 31111 04/25/72 06/01/92 1.0833 40.51 6800 14607 10/21/69 04/01/90 3.2500 246.69 1699 5156 08/04/68 08/01/90 2.9167 258.94 4974 14603 06/23/68 03/01/90 3.3333 277.92 8997 28449 06/04/70 01/01/92 1.5000 65.74 9196 5173 05/06/69 08/01/90 2.9167 197.29 4538 20857 07/05/40 04/01/90 3.2500 292.87 2562 28360 12/21/39 08/01/91 1.9167 57.58 5285 15237 10/17/41 03/01/90 3.3333 1,180.95 7632 20852 05/22/44 04/01/90 3.2500 351.95 8885 30877 12/17/44 05/01/92 1.1667 35.90 9102 20980 06/15/45 10/01/90 2.7500 152.63 1962 31106 02/15/46 05/01/92 1.1667 46.33 4617 14604 11/13/45 04/01/90 3.2500 571.55 7039 14177 06/28/47 04/01/89 4.2500 375.90 3983 28568 08/20/49 06/01/92 1.0833 55.97 6625 14310 11/16/49 07/01/89 4.0000 443.26 8227 30907 05/08/42 09/01/91 1.8333 34.41 0237 11669 08/03/52 02/01/89 4.4167 808.50 0405 14178 02/03/52 04/01/89 4.2500 350.07 0557 14258 01/29/53 06/01/89 4.0833 657.74 1649 28501 11/15/52 04/01/92 1.2500 69.74 2360 14305 01/01/53 07/01/89 4.0000 278.41 7511 20851 10/13/41 04/01/90 3.2500 271.62 9795 20930 11/02/53 08/01/90 2.9167 374.56 2882 30696 01/26/52 11/01/90 2.6667 165.37 5973 34363 11/09/62 06/01/92 1.0833 85.80 8814 28566 10/25/56 06/01/92 1.0833 50.55 1375 30864 07/22/54 08/01/91 1.9167 40.15 1233 11779 10/11/57 05/01/89 4.1667 721.90 6976 30880 10/16/61 09/01/91 1.8333 43.27 8369 28336 10/31/52 03/01/91 2.3333 187.35 8688 20858 11/30/57 04/01/90 3.2500 414.81 9949 20830 08/05/58 03/01/90 3.3333 393.65 3175 31025 12/09/56 02/01/92 1.4167 53.29 8879 28486 10/11/61 03/01/92 1.3333 54.02 0287 14158 10/30/58 04/01/89 4.2500 369.10 4625 28352 08/05/69 07/01/91 2.0000 74.89 7841 20846 04/11/63 04/01/90 3.2500 304.19 6850 30963 08/14/58 11/01/91 1.6667 46.44 3933 3680 10/16/61 07/01/90 3.0000 118.20 4616 30775 05/11/61 03/01/91 2.3333 210.14 8127 20811 06/04/68 01/01/90 3.5000 196.95 8662 14218 01/21/65 05/01/89 4.1667 771.36 9746 28444 04/21/61 12/01/91 1.5833 14.61 

C-53 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 0528 31035 01/29/67 03/01/92 1.3333 49.92 0820 14212 12/07/70 05/01/89 4.1667 326.36 1728 14649 10/28/69 02/01/92 1.4167 72.42 2435 14493 04/16/67 10/01/89 3.7500 414.15 6378 11671 06/01/63 02/01/89 4.4167 787.60 6408 14393 04/01/65 08/01/89 3.9167 342.57 5110 14216 01/19/63 12/01/91 1.5833 30.56 0460 31064 12/02/66 04/01/92 1.2500 51.81 9808 30952 06/03/65 10/01/91 1.7500 30.26 3789 28314 04/07/72 01/01/91 2.5000 57.49 4501 28475 06/09/69 02/01/92 1.4167 16.84 9128 31110 12/19/71 05/01/92 1.1667 41.84 6109 14618 08/07/68 04/01/90 3.2500 418.64 8229 11676 02/17/67 03/01/89 4.3333 533.46 2947 14587 12/15/25 03/01/90 3.3333 294.55 4252 14296 12/29/30 06/01/89 4.0833 445.67 8108 28510 06/13/37 04/01/92 1.2500 65.74 8715 28481 03/21/32 02/01/92 1.4167 54.36 5944 14691 11/28/31 06/01/90 3.0833 346.44 3916 14132 05/06/38 04/01/89 4.2500 354.73 8777 20871 07/10/40 04/01/90 3.2500 304.00 9696 20883 06/08/36 05/01/90 3.1667 284.08 0249 14146 07/01/41 04/01/89 4.2500 758.64 7862 14687 01/26/48 07/01/91 2.0000 50.87 9388 11666 05/25/45 02/01/89 4.4167 654.09 9808 14265 08/25/47 06/01/89 4.0833 452.85 4802 20848 07/11/49 04/01/92 1.2500 38.88 5087 14143 10/26/51 04/01/89 4.2500 535.43 5429 28390 06/04/48 10/01/91 1.7500 53.86 5572 14459 02/18/49 10/01/89 3.7500 432.95 6198 14490 09/23/51 05/01/91 2.1667 172.43 5846 14403 07/19/52 08/01/89 3.9167 277.97 6789 14297 02/18/52 06/01/89 4.0833 464.84 4016 31015 02/18/54 01/01/92 1.5000 73.45 0716 28283 08/02/56 10/01/90 2.7500 232.84 1842 28377 10/22/70 09/01/91 1.8333 60.66 2412 14277 12/30/58 06/01/89 4.0833 353.75 4205 31115 04/13/59 06/01/92 1.0833 47.51 4305 28421 08/07/62 11/01/91 1.6667 22.21 6676 28370 09/17/62 08/01/91 1.9167 96.71 2896 30894 02/02/50 09/01/91 1.8333 72.54 7465 14170 12/06/64 04/01/89 4.2500 445.01 9892 30938 04/12/58 10/01/91 1.7500 42.89 3186 14289 09/06/59 06/01/89 4.0833 440.80 4899 20984 01/02/59 01/01/92 1.5000 53.54 5585 28290 10/24/61 12/01/90 2.5833 310.15 7252 28492 12/04/60 03/01/92 1.3333 20.48 5723 30833 04/14/58 06/01/91 2.0833 201.90 4668 28350 12/09/72 11/01/91 1.6667 57.60 0063 14487 06/11/66 10/01/89 3.7500 332.16 0098 30847 09/23/64 07/01/91 2.0000 41.42 4256 14303 04/13/62 06/01/89 4.0833 536.67 9637 28417 07/18/64 11/01/91 1.6667 57.24 1098 14204 08/13/69 05/01/89 4.1667 474.47 7319 14217 05/01/66 05/01/89 4.1667 641.09 1797 28503 04/04/71 04/01/92 1.2500 54.23 0769 31082 01/09/70 04/01/92 1.2500 64.08 2214 30996 01/27/72 12/01/91 1.5833 57.20 3460 14532 12/16/67 12/01/89 3.5833 384.91 3544 14267 01/12/71 06/01/89 4.0833 299.18 7987 14608 02/05/67 06/01/91 2.0833 144.31 2419 30975 01/29/34 11/01/91 1.6667 40.58 6821 14370 06/02/35 08/01/89 3.9167 373.33 7413 14673 06/10/30 06/01/90 3.0833 307.76 7711 20955 08/15/34 08/01/90 2.9167 246.74 3564 20829 12/29/39 03/01/90 3.3333 317.01 8215 30943 06/13/42 10/01/91 1.7500 69.12 8734 20957 12/02/39 08/01/90 2.9167 206.22 9640 30792 02/23/41 05/01/91 2.1667 192.91 4863 28302 06/28/46 01/01/91 2.5000 217.86 5882 14127 02/20/44 03/01/89 4.3333 479.56 3311 20823 09/20/47 03/01/90 3.3333 338.31 4160 31130 01/03/46 06/01/92 1.0833 49.49 5167 30701 10/22/47 11/01/90 2.6667 237.16 7829 14387 07/06/47 08/01/89 3.9167 319.83 8450 28356 11/03/47 07/01/91 2.0000 53.38 8613 28458 02/21/50 01/01/92 1.5000 48.94 9111 28380 10/01/48 09/01/91 1.8333 57.20 9361 14666 10/28/58 05/01/90 3.1667 317.69 9409 5200 11/19/48 09/01/90 2.8333 196.65 C-54 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 8156 14672 09/02/51 06/01/90 3.0833 375.58 0944 14596 09/24/50 03/01/90 3.3333 351.44 2376 14563 12/29/51 01/01/90 3.5000 535.89 0265 5205 11/02/53 09/01/90 2.8333 179.04 1510 11682 11/16/53 03/01/89 4.3333 576.87 1636 14592 11/25/54 03/01/90 3.3333 334.70 9007 20919 02/16/54 07/01/90 3.0000 185.74 9346 30948 10/30/54 10/01/91 1.7500 41.13 3083 14120 04/25/52 03/01/89 4.3333 813.92 3356 14442 07/09/54 09/01/89 3.8333 406.64 5356 30705 01/08/62 11/01/90 2.6667 184.40 6908 14392 08/17/60 08/01/89 3.9167 350.13 7371 20843 10/29/58 04/01/90 3.2500 413.66 5026 5164 06/07/72 08/01/90 2.9167 88.08 5284 11686 11/13/55 03/01/89 4.3333 506.48 5478 11670 03/02/57 02/01/89 4.4167 777.36 5481 14650 02/10/67 05/01/90 3.1667 479.41 7403 14632 11/16/58 04/01/90 3.2500 498.41 3662 30957 03/06/69 10/01/91 1.7500 36.97 7239 30853 07/14/59 07/01/91 2.0000 51.26 9641 14539 09/03/71 12/01/89 3.5833 184.78 0179 28383 05/18/60 09/01/91 1.8333 54.34 0064 31047 11/30/61 03/01/92 1.3333 7.76 6903 30727 08/11/66 01/01/91 2.5000 207.91 1289 20911 04/20/65 07/01/90 3.0000 83.90 3030 28512 07/07/66 04/01/92 1.2500 22.53 6511 28479 01/31/68 02/01/92 1.4167 55.17 7693 16416 03/18/72 07/01/90 3.0000 95.28 9486 30935 06/19/66 10/01/91 1.7500 54.34 4563 14368 08/22/67 08/01/89 3.9167 270.80 9528 31136 07/15/71 06/01/92 1.0833 65.68 1444 28285 09/12/70 11/01/90 2.6667 210.96 8382 20876 10/11/67 04/01/90 3.2500 327.43 5377 31135 02/24/71 06/01/92 1.0833 25.25 6289 30899 08/26/70 09/01/91 1.8333 53.81 2908 28494 02/01/72 04/01/92 1.2500 47.43 8582 28474 07/04/71 02/01/92 1.4167 4.36 2808 20904 02/06/32 07/01/90 3.0000 184.03 9012 14659 06/01/34 05/01/90 3.1667 297.90 9663 14402 09/03/30 08/01/89 3.9167 340.35 1006 15063 08/28/34 08/01/89 3.9167 2,189.67 3549 20949 04/20/40 08/01/90 2.9167 205.88 4087 4530 12/29/42 07/01/90 3.0000 213.18 4883 30695 03/11/43 11/01/90 2.6667 166.11 8467 11675 04/02/42 03/01/89 4.3333 473.82 5533 30844 10/20/44 07/01/91 2.0000 42.36 8777 20972 09/17/45 09/01/90 2.8333 213.48 9393 30693 09/15/46 11/01/90 2.6667 215.18 7511 14445 09/26/48 09/01/89 3.8333 444.92 8920 14275 09/08/49 06/01/89 4.0833 531.61 9586 11659 03/27/48 01/01/89 4.5000 700.01 9859 5162 05/18/46 08/01/90 2.9167 219.48 9870 14362 01/25/47 07/01/89 4.0000 334.86 9992 14557 02/24/45 01/01/90 3.5000 354.38 0773 30771 07/22/48 03/01/91 2.3333 199.43 2452 30839 06/17/39 07/01/91 2.0000 41.84 8172 14225 12/22/48 05/01/89 4.1667 392.77 6720 14556 01/19/51 01/01/90 3.5000 346.61 7738 20841 03/25/50 04/01/90 3.2500 280.74 8014 30729 04/16/51 01/01/91 2.5000 196.68 1603 20951 11/10/52 08/01/90 2.9167 241.59 3242 30860 08/14/50 07/01/91 2.0000 60.35 3542 20842 12/12/52 04/01/90 3.2500 391.56 5548 20825 12/30/33 03/01/90 3.3333 278.26 7369 30804 09/26/55 05/01/91 2.1667 153.05 5112 28469 10/19/57 01/01/92 1.5000 53.45 9705 5158 05/21/60 08/01/90 2.9167 240.06 9754 14122 10/20/60 03/01/89 4.3333 662.15 9865 14106 08/26/61 03/01/89 4.3333 479.14 9876 14484 08/16/63 10/01/89 3.7500 325.46 3140 20873 07/31/56 04/01/90 3.2500 363.48 3177 30720 07/12/56 12/01/90 2.5833 186.85 4602 30893 09/20/60 09/01/91 1.8333 42.90 2405 14460 10/28/59 03/01/91 2.3333 254.98 3437 31021 05/28/56 02/01/92 1.4167 67.21 3769 28389 11/14/57 10/01/91 1.7500 12.08 1338 28450 08/12/61 01/01/92 1.5000 67.29 3427 14599 07/27/60 03/01/90 3.3333 350.90 1115 14586 08/20/64 03/01/90 3.3333 260.88 2468 14610 04/23/63 04/01/90 3.2500 483.29 

C-55 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 3317 30687 04/12/63 10/01/90 2.7500 301.90 5465 14108 06/16/63 03/01/89 4.3333 380.34 5817 28530 05/31/63 05/01/92 1.1667 10.25 7916 36349 12/14/62 10/01/91 1.7500 200.00 2875 14494 03/20/62 10/01/89 3.7500 422.99 7846 30848 08/19/65 07/01/91 2.0000 8.50 5309 14628 10/03/67 04/01/90 3.2500 468.29 6603 14130 08/01/68 03/01/89 4.3333 535.84 0747 14474 05/28/67 10/01/89 3.7500 433.05 1514 14237 11/04/68 05/01/89 4.1667 389.12 4931 31131 09/21/69 06/01/92 1.0833 29.90 1116 31005 10/13/70 12/01/91 1.5833 61.74 2974 14661 06/01/72 05/01/90 3.1667 72.21 8883 30768 05/10/71 02/01/91 2.4167 194.30 4128 14568 10/12/62 02/01/90 3.4167 422.07 0963 14510 07/20/31 11/01/89 3.6667 389.64 8648 20888 08/16/39 05/01/90 3.1667 340.37 8420 31120 10/30/41 06/01/92 1.0833 56.45 6357 14588 08/12/40 03/01/90 3.3333 320.03 6542 14112 10/01/40 03/01/89 4.3333 496.16 2761 20892 01/03/44 05/01/90 3.1667 279.65 4887 20836 05/13/32 04/01/90 3.2500 316.06 4808 14227 04/16/45 05/01/89 4.1667 442.19 7021 14174 07/08/46 04/01/89 4.2500 385.35 5439 14262 06/16/51 06/01/89 4.0833 533.16 6552 28403 07/01/52 11/01/91 1.6667 43.43 7271 28553 10/17/52 06/01/92 1.0833 45.09 8806 15044 08/16/54 08/01/89 3.9167 2,188.16 5591 14139 04/01/60 04/01/89 4.2500 784.76 5620 28412 01/26/69 11/01/91 1.6667 52.11 8072 11668 12/15/59 02/01/89 4.4167 594.27 9810 14232 01/03/57 05/01/89 4.1667 340.94 4382 20922 01/03/57 07/01/90 3.0000 223.16 4526 28333 01/01/69 03/01/91 2.3333 233.07 4882 14332 05/04/59 07/01/89 4.0000 298.05 6155 14581 06/07/60 03/01/90 3.3333 235.31 6244 11662 11/27/59 02/01/89 4.4167 642.49 9945 14118 08/11/69 03/01/89 4.3333 372.96 0686 28446 01/05/64 12/01/91 1.5833 54.81 5884 31053 08/21/57 03/01/92 1.3333 53.27 3715 31087 11/01/59 05/01/92 1.1667 45.43 4950 28534 09/18/68 05/01/92 1.1667 71.86 8869 31027 03/25/61 02/01/92 1.4167 71.46 2480 30906 01/11/70 09/01/91 1.8333 45.20 3308 14381 11/27/66 08/01/89 3.9167 502.69 5427 28424 09/11/59 11/01/91 1.6667 69.54 1365 30765 02/02/68 02/01/91 2.4167 210.32 8442 30912 02/09/69 09/01/91 1.8333 67.69 9341 28499 09/29/65 04/01/92 1.2500 51.02 6431 28391 06/15/65 10/01/91 1.7500 84.82 2900 30842 02/20/72 07/01/91 2.0000 60.25 8098 14295 12/10/69 06/01/89 4.0833 455.21 9820 30892 08/27/64 09/01/91 1.8333 32.79 4990 14264 04/04/68 06/01/89 4.0833 574.27 5906 5184 10/05/68 09/01/90 2.8333 211.77 6617 14257 08/22/70 05/01/89 4.1667 308.88 7237 31101 06/12/71 05/01/92 1.1667 59.68 3014 31140 06/12/72 06/01/92 1.0833 60.77 7947 31032 06/10/72 03/01/92 1.3333 59.99 0375 14443 04/25/36 09/01/89 3.8333 306.28 1591 30822 02/01/43 06/01/91 2.0833 332.20 8486 14511 10/06/45 11/01/89 3.6667 357.43 0821 14172 08/10/44 04/01/89 4.2500 570.84 0965 11677 03/18/46 03/01/89 4.3333 512.53 1218 14110 09/04/42 03/01/89 4.3333 726.02 1442 14162 07/27/43 04/01/89 4.2500 416.80 4350 18936 08/06/39 05/01/90 3.1667 141.62 7951 14569 02/14/50 02/01/90 3.4167 361.16 8110 11663 10/27/48 01/01/89 4.5000 971.35 8721 14105 06/21/48 03/01/89 4.3333 580.28 5527 14114 11/30/50 03/01/89 4.3333 678.79 5640 28461 09/02/52 01/01/92 1.5000 61.47 5674 14215 01/10/52 05/01/89 4.1667 397.55 7824 30900 11/25/53 09/01/91 1.8333 42.15 8988 20913 12/17/49 07/01/90 3.0000 151.79 0997 14407 11/13/54 09/01/90 2.8333 187.24 1992 28363 01/13/57 08/01/91 1.9167 60.43 3302 14135 11/22/53 04/01/89 4.2500 498.77 2887 14263 09/03/53 06/01/89 4.0833 607.94 0329 20905 08/09/54 07/01/90 3.0000 160.85 C-56 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 0502 20872 09/28/56 04/01/90 3.2500 233.69 0642 31023 01/05/56 02/01/92 1.4167 57.23 0922 20815 08/06/55 02/01/90 3.4167 509.44 2332 30863 07/11/57 08/01/91 1.9167 130.75 2446 30879 08/08/56 09/01/91 1.8333 58.80 4860 28464 07/14/55 01/01/92 1.5000 73.37 4156 11664 08/01/56 02/01/89 4.4167 1,071.68 6076 28500 07/12/62 04/01/92 1.2500 15.14 9562 30976 01/02/62 11/01/91 1.6667 48.80 9918 30800 11/17/71 05/01/91 2.1667 220.80 1279 28498 07/12/56 04/01/92 1.2500 27.24 5533 30755 05/29/60 02/01/91 2.4167 187.73 0110 14273 01/21/67 06/01/89 4.0833 409.46 4123 28357 04/06/60 07/01/91 2.0000 51.60 5354 30979 01/26/62 11/01/91 1.6667 39.79 7922 30706 08/14/58 11/01/90 2.6667 478.54 1171 14602 03/24/67 03/01/90 3.3333 416.47 5866 31006 08/06/66 12/01/91 1.5833 54.72 7052 35213 06/12/61 08/01/91 1.9167 30.43 3783 14203 12/28/62 05/01/89 4.1667 436.56 0657 30854 10/23/66 07/01/91 2.0000 45.50 3528 14593 05/05/63 03/01/90 3.3333 354.16 0970 20861 12/15/62 04/01/90 3.2500 327.51 4327 28435 04/08/64 12/01/91 1.5833 5.62 6706 30835 09/11/70 06/01/91 2.0833 186.09 0221 31122 08/07/70 06/01/92 1.0833 7.70 9522 14314 11/14/70 07/01/89 4.0000 292.81 0327 30947 03/27/72 10/01/91 1.7500 35.93 7836 14288 01/15/65 06/01/89 4.0833 710.24 0101 30754 01/20/66 02/01/91 2.4167 153.78 2719 20820 12/30/66 03/01/90 3.3333 358.60 0235 31096 05/17/71 05/01/92 1.1667 46.42 0400 20979 10/20/69 10/01/90 2.7500 265.03 0599 30710 08/01/71 11/01/90 2.6667 162.85 8293 30799 07/07/72 05/01/91 2.1667 71.50 2528 11673 02/28/29 02/01/89 4.4167 809.83 0481 14551 08/06/36 01/01/90 3.5000 529.64 6354 30962 11/06/31 11/01/91 1.6667 53.16 6893 20954 11/05/35 06/01/91 2.0833 173.23 9078 14595 02/13/37 10/01/91 1.7500 29.80 5052 14528 07/23/38 12/01/89 3.5833 372.88 5249 14391 04/06/38 08/01/89 3.9167 346.11 4015 28428 04/18/49 11/01/91 1.6667 56.26 4046 28415 06/03/47 11/01/91 1.6667 89.49 2344 30680 03/01/52 10/01/90 2.7500 224.26 2477 30809 03/26/55 05/01/91 2.1667 541.64 0934 21856 05/29/54 04/01/90 3.2500 161.83 2261 31049 03/01/55 03/01/92 1.3333 43.32 5554 11674 12/15/52 02/01/89 4.4167 724.26 6838 14300 03/27/56 06/01/89 4.0833 645.53 7141 28312 09/26/58 01/01/91 2.5000 216.26 0766 20884 01/08/63 05/01/90 3.1667 367.25 7831 30868 01/09/64 08/01/91 1.9167 65.91 2933 28523 03/28/57 05/01/92 1.1667 67.88 3391 14219 10/11/65 05/01/89 4.1667 400.02 9253 30692 03/05/59 11/01/90 2.6667 229.05 4579 30932 11/26/60 10/01/91 1.7500 38.93 8819 14173 05/26/62 04/01/89 4.2500 513.34 3086 20975 06/10/71 09/01/90 2.8333 24.87 9012 31045 07/23/72 03/01/92 1.3333 43.09 9592 30939 04/29/64 10/01/91 1.7500 37.52 3297 31036 04/05/66 03/01/92 1.3333 36.42 2734 14660 01/25/72 05/01/90 3.1667 40.88 5124 28547 07/21/72 06/01/92 1.0833 52.84 6738 30717 05/05/69 12/01/90 2.5833 258.24 0521 11685 06/30/20 03/01/89 4.3333 312.53 1026 28408 07/22/72 11/01/91 1.6667 3.90 1607 14657 02/03/71 05/01/90 3.1667 223.65 3774 20901 04/28/68 05/01/91 2.1667 132.16 2460 14251 09/04/66 05/01/89 4.1667 455.95 3363 14585 08/20/70 03/01/90 3.3333 2.97 3121 31041 03/10/69 03/01/92 1.3333 57.99 1798 30898 09/22/69 09/01/91 1.8333 64.34 2481 30872 10/27/72 09/01/91 1.8333 33.41 8761 7080 12/11/30 03/01/84 9.3333 1,548.02 6344 14104 11/03/28 03/01/89 4.3333 433.83 0609 31088 10/03/36 05/01/92 1.1667 61.04 0661 30903 02/16/34 09/01/91 1.8333 56.07 2141 28366 08/31/39 08/01/91 1.9167 62.04 6580 10432 08/19/29 06/01/89 4.0833 351.06 

C-57 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 4609 30956 04/18/32 10/01/91 1.7500 58.53 4694 30824 03/07/44 06/01/91 2.0833 256.98 7691 14637 02/14/44 05/01/90 3.1667 338.28 8566 14154 04/08/41 04/01/89 4.2500 500.64 3600 5176 08/01/41 08/01/90 2.9167 192.83 0378 20808 01/07/47 02/01/90 3.4167 558.39 2139 31059 04/30/47 04/01/92 1.2500 40.97 1034 30845 04/20/49 07/01/91 2.0000 69.33 6310 28502 06/08/48 04/01/92 1.2500 60.57 1458 28310 02/14/53 01/01/91 2.5000 195.67 2794 30884 09/15/50 09/01/91 1.8333 49.07 9747 14566 04/11/53 02/01/90 3.4167 419.97 7516 28470 07/11/52 02/01/92 1.4167 117.54 8290 11068 07/12/55 09/01/81 11.8333 1,819.65 0858 31086 04/20/68 04/01/92 1.2500 44.78 9052 14379 02/18/62 08/01/89 3.9167 359.23 6545 28548 12/04/58 06/01/92 1.0833 22.55 8966 28471 08/14/59 02/01/92 1.4167 202.50 3289 28399 08/23/65 10/01/91 1.7500 70.95 5979 28539 05/28/63 05/01/92 1.1667 32.68 4063 30973 03/25/62 11/01/91 1.6667 52.62 6398 30846 10/12/60 07/01/91 2.0000 43.03 0705 8348 09/02/43 06/01/71 22.0833 3,604.07 6450 34297 08/29/47 04/01/91 2.2500 715.62 3501 15277 08/30/70 09/01/90 2.8333 287.51 1828 12416 12/18/64 03/01/88 5.3333 1,042.22 9158 31097 12/25/30 05/01/92 1.1667 42.98 1288 31098 08/11/42 05/01/92 1.1667 44.91 0492 10876 09/02/45 02/01/89 4.4167 2,472.35 8189 15958 12/08/72 02/01/92 1.4167 93.22 3221 35540 01/02/69 10/01/91 1.7500 52.20 8286 35520 10/16/66 09/01/91 1.8333 111.04 2423 15061 10/18/46 08/01/89 3.9167 3,623.12 9582 20893 09/06/54 05/01/90 3.1667 345.57 9425 33079 01/01/69 07/01/91 2.0000 179.59 3248 5883 07/24/55 03/01/89 4.3333 452.33 6623 3031 10/12/68 09/01/87 5.8333 534.13 5191 15263 07/25/63 07/01/90 3.0000 940.93 7151 30711 10/07/55 11/01/90 2.6667 150.50 4585 4004 11/10/57 10/01/88 4.7500 612.18 6077 21152 03/17/70 06/01/91 2.0833 92.16 1826 15762 09/27/58 07/01/89 4.0000 534.00 2999 9683 08/18/38 11/01/74 18.6667 3,735.86 2967 21097 05/09/59 01/01/91 2.5000 165.84 8814 2636 04/25/57 08/01/88 4.9167 610.74 1064 34318 04/02/50 11/01/91 1.6667 221.02 1351 16044 08/24/50 10/01/89 3.7500 441.05 8577 30901 12/18/58 09/01/91 1.8333 56.15 9244 3126 12/14/31 01/01/76 17.5000 1,497.45 1525 30977 03/09/67 11/01/91 1.6667 42.86 8804 8667 01/07/58 01/01/88 5.5000 623.70 5920 12012 07/08/48 09/01/81 11.8333 2,517.76 6020 9557 09/25/57 06/01/90 3.0833 319.79 3110 0 03/01/44 01/01/91 2.5000 36.07 3402 16498 06/09/43 06/01/91 2.0833 267.65 3500 21086 06/04/44 12/01/90 2.5833 202.78 4154 28562 07/28/45 06/01/92 1.0833 65.45 0257 0 03/20/70 01/01/89 4.5000 48.70 9385 20906 11/15/60 07/01/90 3.0000 160.59 4963 11681 03/15/37 03/01/89 4.3333 393.00 8395 3256 08/07/50 08/01/88 4.9167 430.96 9030 13104 10/08/39 03/01/77 16.3333 6,934.32 1070 0 09/01/38 04/01/69 24.2500 8,948.94 6878 13169 12/17/46 10/01/81 11.7500 3,262.33 5405 11175 07/02/37 05/01/86 7.1667 1,211.72 8979 0 04/01/66 06/01/84 9.0833 1,122.53 8723 11381 03/18/66 10/01/90 2.7500 193.19 9482 0 09/01/48 03/01/76 17.3333 3,886.22 3721 34979 10/04/60 11/01/91 1.6667 137.07 9514 35580 11/02/68 02/01/92 1.4167 109.75 0466 28305 02/26/67 01/01/91 2.5000 134.68 6703 15844 10/29/48 09/01/89 3.8333 376.30 5211 13020 07/19/48 10/01/75 17.7500 10,942.25 5226 27277 01/27/57 10/01/91 1.7500 59.62 6180 7227 02/24/48 07/01/74 19.0000 5,509.25 4204 6024 10/31/43 04/01/76 17.2500 5,527.47 0055 13159 12/06/43 07/01/76 17.0000 7,317.52 4446 28306 05/29/47 01/01/91 2.5000 204.91 0647 13186 07/26/50 11/01/70 22.6667 6,921.65 5451 19182 08/02/52 12/01/89 3.5833 228.55 C-58 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 6222 13133 09/29/43 02/01/77 16.4167 5,870.40 2550 35349 03/25/69 05/01/92 1.1667 69.42 0513 4630 11/29/61 07/01/90 3.0000 190.10 4777 6543 01/18/46 12/01/88 4.5833 398.39 6733 27365 06/30/54 05/01/92 1.1667 250.20 3802 27296 02/23/34 10/01/91 1.7500 68.26 2171 24832 07/08/68 01/01/92 1.5000 17.72 3551 4810 04/16/45 11/01/88 4.6667 366.10 6090 20863 02/07/57 04/01/90 3.2500 409.51 6420 35230 08/16/69 09/01/91 1.8333 57.55 6617 4726 09/24/53 02/01/82 11.4167 1,795.03 9054 23626 03/19/45 03/01/92 1.3333 62.65 1175 2989 01/11/47 08/01/89 3.9167 303.23 7331 16171 05/29/64 03/01/90 3.3333 238.54 9897 35363 02/17/62 06/01/92 1.0833 54.72 6514 34319 08/21/63 10/01/91 1.7500 122.40 3414 11487 10/06/53 07/01/88 5.0000 711.89 1741 35279 09/30/56 10/01/91 1.7500 70.13 7362 16284 12/01/71 09/01/90 2.8333 212.82 3335 34362 10/30/66 06/01/92 1.0833 108.00 3148 9393 10/30/59 04/01/89 4.2500 1,061.78 7564 16299 06/07/70 09/01/90 2.8333 284.23 9164 0 07/01/35 07/01/80 13.0000 4,677.12 9465 0 11/01/48 09/01/82 10.8333 3,514.87 9861 34316 02/25/65 11/01/91 1.6667 83.34 0923 21142 12/30/65 06/01/91 2.0833 213.09 5959 11043 03/27/55 09/01/81 11.8333 2,360.22 3920 0 03/01/64 01/01/86 7.5000 445.70 4129 15274 02/10/56 08/01/90 2.9167 387.81 9039 15291 01/30/40 10/01/90 2.7500 404.79 5305 13183 01/15/61 01/01/87 6.5000 2,351.75 1605 789 01/12/57 05/01/88 5.1667 1,571.76 4508 2456 11/21/60 06/01/85 8.0833 991.87 6402 15664 03/13/59 04/01/90 3.2500 38.62 1152 3736 05/03/32 04/01/77 16.2500 2,723.13 1330 21144 08/24/31 06/01/91 2.0833 208.11 0362 0 08/01/65 06/01/90 3.0833 677.61 4778 16218 04/09/45 05/01/90 3.1667 367.78 6551 3532 04/22/56 09/01/88 4.8333 566.96 2970 19710 11/06/59 03/01/91 2.3333 260.23 8994 34369 01/20/53 01/01/89 4.5000 404.00 1741 2026 02/02/65 06/01/89 4.0833 418.12 9524 34359 06/04/43 06/01/92 1.0833 280.59 0787 34313 07/22/65 09/01/91 1.8333 25.09 9299 3427 12/28/66 09/01/87 5.8333 803.04 9424 2489 02/03/61 01/01/90 3.5000 347.48 4488 27300 04/26/61 11/01/91 1.6667 83.79 3919 3 07/02/56 03/01/88 5.3333 662.68 9852 28420 12/30/64 11/01/91 1.6667 56.90 9687 34327 03/16/55 01/01/92 1.5000 122.40 2316 10875 12/23/57 02/01/89 4.4167 1,452.41 5288 0 02/01/29 09/01/63 29.8333 4,101.89 7705 27112 02/24/62 11/01/90 2.6667 178.25 4337 10998 07/02/60 06/01/89 4.0833 613.96 7080 11445 12/04/63 03/01/88 5.3333 873.62 8522 33125 07/28/49 01/01/92 1.5000 61.33 3454 15448 07/02/34 10/01/89 3.7500 508.83 8826 28324 07/05/60 02/01/91 2.4167 287.74 0492 8282 12/08/53 10/01/86 6.7500 650.69 1811 19209 06/20/60 12/01/89 3.5833 1,190.21 7945 9235 12/20/54 08/01/79 13.9167 2,282.80 5625 4346 11/28/56 09/01/86 6.8333 741.32 2117 13098 07/12/48 07/01/85 8.0000 2,701.46 4432 29522 05/10/45 01/01/91 2.5000 151.34 8715 11211 04/16/57 05/01/86 7.1667 1,113.96 7685 16298 07/11/66 09/01/90 2.8333 250.62 0708 15231 02/25/40 03/01/90 3.3333 2,682.16 8128 13145 08/19/46 02/01/80 13.4167 6,144.18 3758 35034 10/11/58 06/01/92 1.0833 71.69 7588 8211 08/26/39 03/01/84 9.3333 1,618.12 9475 9458 07/03/41 05/01/89 4.1667 776.20 5329 2872 04/01/45 08/01/77 15.9167 1,476.62 1108 35314 11/09/51 11/01/91 1.6667 63.84 2983 5804 12/10/52 09/01/86 6.8333 1,150.87 5218 35288 02/29/68 10/01/91 1.7500 69.01 1345 35290 08/18/63 10/01/91 1.7500 77.17 0196 16281 01/01/69 09/01/90 2.8333 196.83 9240 17010 10/23/50 08/01/90 2.9167 237.63 3692 7608 07/22/34 07/01/85 8.0000 1,036.82 4916 1054 04/02/38 06/01/88 5.0833 530.72 

C-59 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Employee Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 6/30/93 Credited Service 6/30/93 Annual Accrued Benefit 8372 27327 09/15/50 12/01/91 1.5833 76.21 2697 8886 12/06/50 07/01/87 6.0000 715.75 0383 34910 07/19/58 07/01/90 3.0000 176.44 7319 27258 03/01/63 09/01/91 1.8333 72.42 4154 16488 05/22/51 04/01/91 2.2500 347.75 4599 7238 05/31/61 11/01/89 3.6667 365.03 7957 16757 04/24/72 07/01/90 3.0000 69.80 0575 24852 07/16/64 02/01/92 1.4167 68.12 8928 15361 08/29/56 08/01/89 3.9167 292.37 9309 15484 06/29/55 10/01/89 3.7500 370.48 7510 0 12/01/42 06/01/77 16.0833 4,423.28 9459 34294 06/27/68 04/01/91 2.2500 280.46 5433 30878 09/08/64 09/01/91 1.8333 57.94 5225 16707 10/09/70 07/01/90 3.0000 261.95 1450 19125 08/22/47 11/01/89 3.6667 457.75 9976 34336 06/13/60 03/01/92 1.3333 190.89 8030 30966 05/13/69 11/01/91 1.6667 54.61 9649 30852 06/17/65 07/01/91 2.0000 80.62 7322 20831 01/01/64 03/01/90 3.3333 319.55 0045 35205 05/01/72 08/01/91 1.9167 89.93 2722 11825 03/07/70 10/01/89 3.7500 425.46 2632 19201 03/07/66 12/01/89 3.5833 556.39 4867 35547 01/14/68 09/01/91 1.8333 77.51 1076 30915 10/21/68 09/01/91 1.8333 59.10 6797 14290 06/22/69 06/01/89 4.0833 424.96 2544 10538 07/05/61 09/01/89 3.8333 372.53 7909 31107 02/11/65 05/01/92 1.1667 25.92 7562 35236 08/14/55 12/01/91 1.5833 36.60 7913 31056 10/06/65 04/01/92 1.2500 46.40 4073 21143 10/29/62 06/01/91 2.0833 221.73 6549 29580 02/26/70 03/01/92 1.3333 53.18 9211 35229 08/30/71 09/01/91 1.8333 20.43 4864 21124 08/01/58 05/01/91 2.1667 197.84 0897 21159 01/03/58 07/01/91 2.0000 3.05 2839 35315 04/17/67 11/01/91 1.6667 76.22 9022 35319 08/19/58 12/01/91 1.5833 18.90 6475 21140 08/28/49 06/01/91 2.0833 189.11 6761 0 03/01/53 00/01/00 93.5000 61.28 9476 10481 09/14/66 05/01/90 3.1667 544.34 8174 35268 10/16/59 10/01/91 1.7500 68.10 8764 21164 08/30/72 07/01/91 2.0000 68.41 6745 35260 01/28/65 10/01/91 1.7500 67.57 0945 21116 09/11/71 05/01/91 2.1667 213.42 9932 1815 09/27/35 07/01/59 34.0000 5,934.98 Count = 4,347 DM_US 58905444-6.076961.0011 D-1 SUPPLEMENT D Provisions Relating to the Merger of Champion Products Inc. Hourly Employees Pension Plan D-1. Introduction. As reflected in Supplement A to the Hanesbrands Inc. Pension Plan (the Plan ), effective as of the end of the day on December 31, 2005, certain assets and liabilities of the Sara Lee Consolidated Pension and Retirement Plan (the SLC Plan were transferred to this Plan, as described in subsection 1.1 of the Plan. Participation and benefit accrual under this Plan were frozen effective as of the beginning of the day on January 1, 2006, as described more fully in the Plan, and the following provisions of this Supplement are subject to, and are to be interpreted consistently with, that freezing of participation and benefits. Champion Products, Inc. Champion formerly maintained the Champion Products Inc. Hourly Pension Plan (the Champion Hourly Plan and was a subsidiary of Sara Lee Corporation. In October, 1994, Champion Products, Inc. closed its Norwich, New York facility. Due to the closing of that facility, employees of Champion ceased accruing benefits under the Champion Hourly Plan, and the Champion Hourly Plan effectively became a frozen plan. Effective on or about June 30, 1995 (the Merger Date ), the Champion Hourly Plan merged into the SLC Plan. The purpose of this Supplement is to provide for the payment of benefits to participants in the Champion Hourly Plan Champion Hourly Participants ). As a result of the transfer of assets and liabilities from the SLC Plan to the Plan, benefits that were being paid, or that were eligible to be paid, to or on behalf of Champion Hourly Participants shall be paid from the Plan on and after January 1, 2006, at the same time and in the same amount and form as would have been paid under the Champion Hourly Plan and the SLC Plan, subject to the terms of the Plan as modified by this Supplement. D-2. Participation and Credited Service. Each Champion Hourly Participant on the Merger Date automatically became a Participant in the Plan on January 1, 2006. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the period of credited service taken into account for purposes of this Supplement D shall not exceed the period of credited service taken into account under the Champion Hourly Plan as of the Merger Date. D-3. Champion Hourly Participant s Benefit at Normal Commencement Date. Upon a Champion Hourly Participant s attainment of age 65 years (his Normal Retirement Date ), the Champion Hourly Participant shall be entitled to a monthly pension under the Plan (the Champion Hourly Benefit ). A Champion Hourly Benefit is payable as a life annuity or such other form as determined under paragraph D-6 below. The amount of each Champion Hourly Participant s Champion Hourly Benefit under the Champion Hourly Plan immediately prior to the Merger Date is set forth on the schedule attached to and forming a part of this Supplement; provided, however, if the Plan Administrator determines that any amount set forth in such schedule has been incorrectly calculated, for whatever reason, the correct amount shall be the amount payable or credited to such Participant, notwithstanding the inclusion of such incorrect amount on the schedule. In no event shall a Champion Hourly 

D-2 Participant s accrued benefit be less than his or her accrued benefit under the Champion Hourly Plan as of the Merger Date. D-4. Champion Hourly Participant s Benefit at Early Commencement Date. If a Champion Hourly Participant becomes eligible to commence benefits before the Normal Retirement Date, in accordance with subsection 5.3 or 5.5 of the Plan, such benefit shall be reduced using the actuarial factors specified in Exhibit I of this Supplement or the factors specified in subsection 5.3 or 5.5 of the Plan, whichever produces the larger benefit. D-5. Champion Hourly Participant s Benefit at Disability Retirement Date. If a Champion Hourly Participant becomes entitled to and receives monthly disability insurance benefits under the federal Social Security Act, he or she shall be entitled to a monthly disability benefit if he or she has completed at least 10 years of vesting service (counting vesting service earned under the Champion Hourly Plan as well as any vesting service earned under the SLC Plan or the Plan after the Merger Date). A Champion Hourly Participant s disability benefit begins on the first day of the month on or after the date he or she is entitled to monthly disability insurance benefits under the federal Social Security Act (his Disability Retirement Date ). The amount of a Champion Hourly Participant s disability benefit shall be based on his or her credited service (as defined in the Champion Hourly Plan) as of the Merger Date and any service credited under the Plan or the SLC Plan on and after the Merger Date. The amount of a Champion Hourly Participant s disability retirement benefit attributable to service credited under the Champion Hourly Plan shall not be reduced for commencement prior to the Champion Hourly Participant s Normal Retirement Date. The amount of a Champion Hourly Participant s disability retirement benefit attributable to service credited under the Plan or the SLC Plan on and after the Merger Date shall be paid in the same form and at the same time as the disability retirement benefit described in the preceding sentence; but shall be reduced for commencement before the Normal Retirement Date pursuant to subsection 5.3 of the Plan and, if benefits commence before the Participant s age 55, in accordance with the actuarial assumptions described in subsection 2.1 of the Plan. A Champion Hourly Participant s disability benefit shall cease with the last monthly payment payable prior to such Participant s death or recovery from disability, whichever is the earlier to occur. D-6. Form of Payment of Champion Hourly Benefit. Subject to subsection 6.2 of the Plan, a Champion Hourly Participant s benefit determined under this Supplement plus any benefit earned under the Retirement Benefit provisions of the Plan shall be payable in any form otherwise available to a Plan Participant with a Retirement Benefit, subject to the provisions of Section 6 of the Plan. For purposes of converting to an optional form of benefit, benefits shall be valued in accordance with the actuarial assumptions set forth in Tables I and II of the Plan; provided, however, that in no event shall a Champion Hourly Participant s Champion Hourly Benefit as of the Merger Date (converted to an optional form of payment pursuant to Table I or II, as applicable) be less than the Champion Hourly Benefit as of the Merger Date (converted to an optional form of payment under the actuarial assumptions set forth in Exhibit I to this Supplement). D-3 D-7. Death Benefits. If a Champion Hourly Participant dies before payment of any benefit (including disability benefits) to which such Participant is entitled under this Supplement and the Plan, a death benefit, determined and payable in accordance with subsection 5.6 or 5.7, as applicable, of the Plan, and including such Participant s Champion Hourly Benefit, shall be payable to such Participant s surviving Spouse or beneficiary, as determined in accordance with subsection 5.6 or 5.7 of the Plan. D-8. Limitations. Except to the extent expressly provided herein, the benefits provided pursuant to this Supplement D for a Champion Hourly Participant on account of participation under the Champion Hourly Plan are subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan. Unless specified otherwise, terms used in this Supplement D which are defined in the Plan shall have the same meanings as given them in the Plan. 

D-4 EXHIBIT I TO SUPPLEMENT D Champion Hourly Plan Actuarial Assumptions 1. Mortality: UP-1984 Table; provided that for this purpose: (a) the beneficiary of a Champion Hourly Participant shall be deemed to be three years younger than such beneficiary s actual age; (b) a Champion Hourly Participant older than age 65 and his or her Spouse shall be deemed to remain at their respective ages as of the date when the Participant attained age 65. 2. Interest: 6 per annum compounded annually. 3. Early Commencement Reduction Factor: If a Champion Hourly Participant elects to receive his or her monthly benefit prior to Normal Retirement Date, the Participant s monthly benefit shall be reduced by 1/180 for each full month that the date of commencement precedes such Participant s Normal Retirement Date. D-5 SCHEDULE TO SUPPLEMENT D CHAMPION HOURLY PARTICIPANTS ACCRUED BENEFITS AS OF JUNE 30, 1995 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Champion Hourly Benefit 1474 35.42 4706 72.50 8012 80.00 4441 190.00 5826 116.25 0269 69.17 3720 42.20 6459 120.00 1173 69.58 8988 33.75 7827 118.34 0113 67.00 0234 22.08 8593 21.67 4207 113.33 3069 120.74 7066 56.67 9375 49.17 8982 57.92 0746 7.50 3993 32.08 0543 17.50 4190 67.75 1324 10.00 3481 44.59 6063 35.28 8859 34.17 9407 18.34 2869 25.42 3350 98.75 0202 72.00 

D-6 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Champion Hourly Benefit 6363 6.25 4813 132.92 6252 9.58 3218 32.92 6675 113.75 2418 76.25 9733 58.75 2282 44.17 5751 74.30 3107 68.75 8596 93.75 1081 103.75 9968 30.00 0568 20.42 4597 50.00 3305 70.84 9052 30.42 0576 84.59 1526 15.42 7253 31.67 4110 90.00 9027 63.75 9263 113.33 3241 38.75 3709 145.00 8999 32.92 3214 34.59 9493 71.67 1789 50.00 7896 50.00 3816 28.67 3618 27.09 9827 46.25 2220 66.67 1953 15.00 3692 7.92 5316 46.94 7369 117.67 5901 52.40 7852 37.00 9723 15.84 5258 17.92 D-7 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Champion Hourly Benefit 5856 95.00 8180 7.09 4854 42.09 9414 35.42 2414 15.84 9799 43.34 3644 60.84 1906 8.34 7872 102.09 4275 66.00 6626 7.92 9904 17.09 8775 31.67 9492 21.25 4816 125.70 5901 34.59 4495 72.33 2143 69.59 4540 43.75 7806 15.42 7066 52.09 7645 30.00 4513 90.00 5383 20.84 4497 90.00 1362 28.75 9687 22.43 7782 40.84 2225 65.84 5838 47.17 4919 10.84 9375 22.08 2312 57.50 2151 180.42 1839 101.67 9386 43.34 1954 185.42 6488 35.42 7246 15.00 4400 26.25 8777 55.42 4542 90.00 

D-8 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Champion Hourly Benefit 4576 78.50 6748 8.34 5210 35.84 3207 15.84 0723 52.50 9819 15.84 1307 44.59 1599 50.84 3489 46.67 8398 50.84 7353 32.50 7923 96.67 8538 25.42 9672 16.74 0783 72.92 4968 69.48 2904 56.67 3175 35.33 8493 47.09 3422 26.25 9859 31.67 8718 23.33 8064 57.92 8729 7.50 1009 6.67 9866 40.00 1000 40.00 1530 121.67 9483 47.92 2909 57.09 4379 20.25 2542 87.18 4602 37.00 2582 37.92 9188 46.25 9978 49.00 7466 25.84 5573 7.92 7768 25.84 7468 98.75 8594 16.67 9773 40.84 D-9 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Champion Hourly Benefit 4906 46.75 4949 70.42 7665 84.59 8931 125.00 1314 57.92 1678 115.84 1408 122.40 5857 48.17 8875 57.00 8071 23.75 0101 35.84 4173 90.00 4429 90.00 7511 18.33 4620 50.00 1699 27.92 9113 36.67 0401 42.50 4924 35.00 0290 128.33 8532 36.67 8266 35.42 6334 98.70 3050 47.08 6296 103.91 6296 132.50 1005 40.84 3584 28.34 0215 35.84 4312 55.84 8000 45.84 6418 44.17 6156 14.17 1668 24.33 6131 38.25 0579 39.17 1043 7.50 0006 5.42 4218 37.50 1774 28.34 9916 46.25 1942 118.33 

D-10 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Champion Hourly Benefit 2148 22.09 0028 40.42 8251 37.09 4490 37.09 0635 136.67 0430 30.00 1629 30.42 4645 37.92 7819 34.59 5675 112.08 2562 68.34 6575 50.00 2871 41.67 0998 22.50 0902 47.92 4419 37.50 4281 39.31 1462 67.40 8543 37.50 6287 72.00 9843 74.59 4348 37.50 7976 79.17 4780 15.84 0815 25.84 1514 68.34 4883 38.67 4203 90.00 9108 33.75 4978 82.50 9480 22.92 1003 30.42 8897 52.50 9294 30.67 6128 66.25 4638 50.00 4271 140.42 6328 112.78 5852 15.84 1313 23.34 9250 60.42 1647 52.77 D-11 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Champion Hourly Benefit 8676 38.34 0136 112.00 2019 76.25 8020 59.17 1479 55.42 7831 69.59 6733 43.75 4259 71.67 7276 47.50 6222 72.00 5242 94.00 6591 21.25 8720 77.92 4064 35.42 3102 7.50 8837 39.59 8872 60.00 0699 34.00 1771 70.00 6723 30.84 6942 75.00 3168 135.83 0201 8.75 6347 29.59 1006 3.34 4588 65.80 3447 25.42 8642 55.84 7088 26.25 3442 25.00 5918 23.34 5592 57.55 4999 65.00 6441 112.78 0629 112.50 3256 9.17 9202 32.92 03491 65.52 1639 25.00 8864 55.42 0349 26.25 6078 26.25 

D-12 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Champion Hourly Benefit 0526 122.50 3746 102.08 4817 106.00 9196 43.75 1599 50.00 0171 37.09 9257 38.34 7780 92.09 1800 51.20 0158 34.17 1278 67.50 5906 8.75 5364 29.59 3337 32.92 5745 39.95 2316 31.67 6121 7.50 9587 82.92 8374 27.92 2904 72.09 3862 37.50 1982 39.59 3598 26.54 8522 38.34 8718 15.84 2066 7.92 0244 34.59 8534 58.00 5717 25.42 4474 39.17 5329 26.67 3425 30.42 7900 10.42 4003 27.50 5561 72.00 6605 24.59 5529 27.92 6494 70.42 0044 38.75 2767 1.67 0736 45.00 9522 7.09 D-13 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Champion Hourly Benefit 8694 63.67 3765 31.67 1560 28.00 5066 6.25 5872 40.47 DM_US 58903016-6.076961.0011 

E-1 SUPPLEMENT E Provisions Relating to the Merger of Pension Plan of Adams-Millis Corporation E-1. Introduction. As reflected in Supplement A to the Hanesbrands Inc. Pension Plan (the Plan ), effective as of the end of the day on December 31, 2005, certain assets and liabilities of the Sara Lee Consolidated Pension and Retirement Plan (the SLC Plan were transferred to this Plan, as described in subsection 1.1 of the Plan. Participation and benefit accrual under this Plan were frozen effective as of the beginning of the day on January 1, 2006, as described more fully in the Plan, and the following provisions of this Supplement are subject to, and are to be interpreted consistently with, that freezing of participation and benefits. Prior to June 30, 1996, Sara Lee Sock Company, formerly known as Adams-Millis Corporation Adams-Millis ), maintained the Pension Plan of Adams- Millis Corporation (the Adams-Millis Plan ). Effective as of June 30, 1996 (the Merger Date ), the Adams-Millis Plan was merged into the SLC Plan. As a result of the transfer of assets and liabilities from the SLC Plan to the Plan, benefits that were being paid or were eligible to be paid to or on behalf of participants in the Adams-Millis Plan shall be paid from the Plan on and after January 1, 2006 in the same manner and form as would have been paid under the Adams-Millis Plan subject to the terms of the Plan as modified by this Supplement E, and, with respect to certain salaried participants in the Adams-Millis Plan, Supplement G. The schedule to this Supplement E sets forth the amount of each former Adams-Millis Plan participant s benefit under the Adams-Millis Plan and is used with both this Supplement E and Supplement G (with respect to certain salaried participants in the Adams-Millis Plan) to determine the amount payable from the Plan to former participants in the Adams-Millis Plan. E-2. Participation. Each participant in the Adams-Millis Plan on the Merger Date (or who would have become a participant in the Adams-Millis Plan on the day immediately following the Merger Date) who was not previously a participant in the SLC Plan automatically became a participant in the SLC Plan on the Merger Date. After the Merger Date, each other employee of Sara Lee Sock Company (other than those employees designated as A or B Level Executives) became a participant in the SLC Plan, if at all, in accordance with the terms of the SLC Plan, subject to the following: (a) For the period from the Merger Date until January 1, 1997 (the Conversion Date ), each such employee was eligible to participate in the SLBA Benefits Part of the SLC Plan on the date such employee would have commenced participation in the Adams-Millis Plan, as determined under the terms of the Adams-Millis Plan in effect immediately prior to the Merger Date. (b) For the period beginning on the Conversion Date, the eligibility of Adams-Millis salaried employees was determined under the E-2 SLC Benefits Part of the SLC Plan, and the benefits of any Adams-Millis salaried employees participating in the SLC Plan prior to the Conversion Date was thereafter determined under the SLC Benefits Part of the SLC Plan. (c) For the period beginning on the Conversion Date, the eligibility of Adams-Millis hourly employees was determined under the SLBA Benefits Part of the SLC Plan. Employees of Adams-Millis Corporation/Sara Lee Sock Company who became participants in the SLBA Benefits Part as described above are referred to herein as Adams-Millis Participants . E-3. Amount of Adams-Millis Participant s Benefit on or after Normal Retirement Date. At retirement under the Plan on or after Normal Retirement Date, an Adams-Millis Participant shall be entitled to a monthly benefit, payable in the single life annuity form, consisting of the sum of the following: (a) A monthly Retirement Benefit in accordance with the terms of the SLBA Benefits Part based upon such Participant s Credited Service and Compensation under the SLBA Benefits Part from and after the Conversion Date, as described in Section 5 of the Plan. (b) An additional amount of monthly benefit (the Adams-Millis Benefit the Participant would have received under the Adams- Millis Plan as in effect on the Merger Date, as if the Adams- Millis Plan had remained in effect until the Conversion Date and based on such Participant s Average Compensation, Creditable Service, and Final Average Compensation (all as defined in the Adams-Millis Plan) up to the Conversion Date. The amount of each Adams-Millis Participant s Adams-Millis Benefit and years of service as of the Conversion Date shall be set forth on the schedule attached to and forming a part of this Supplement; provided, however, if the Committee determines that any amount set forth in such schedule has been incorrectly calculated, for whatever reason, the correct amount shall be the amount payable or credited to such Participant, notwithstanding the inclusion of such incorrect amount on the schedule. E-4. Adams-Millis Participant s Benefit at Early Commencement Date. An Adams-Millis Participant shall be eligible to receive a monthly benefit under the Plan before Normal Retirement Date in accordance with subsection 5.3 or 5.5 of the Plan. The amount of such benefit shall include the amount of such Participant s Adams-Millis Benefit. If any benefit becomes payable before such Participant s Normal Retirement Date, the entire amount of such Participant s monthly benefit determined pursuant to paragraph E-3 shall be reduced in accordance with subsection 5.3 of the Plan. 

E-3 E-5. Adams-Millis Participant s Benefit at Disability Retirement Date. (a) Eligibility. If an Adams-Millis Participant who has 10 or more Years of Service suffers a disability (as defined below) before his or her Normal Retirement Date and before his or her Separation Date, he or she shall be retired as of the first day of the calendar month next following the establishment of disability, and such date shall be the Adams-Millis Participant s Disability Retirement Date. For purposes of determining eligibility for a disability retirement benefit, an Adams-Millis Participant shall receive credit for Years of Service under both the Plan and the Adams-Millis Plan. (b) Definition of Disability . For purposes of this paragraph, the disability of an Adams-Millis Participant shall be established in the same manner as provided for establishing a Total Disability under subsection 2.30 of the Plan. (c) Amount of Disability Retirement Benefit. The disability retirement benefit of an Adams-Millis Participant shall equal his or her Adams-Millis Benefit as of his or her Disability Retirement Date and shall be payable to the Adams-Millis Participant pursuant to paragraph E-6 commencing as of the Normal Retirement Date. Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, by at least ten days written notice to the Committee, which notice shall be irrevocable when made, a Participant who has retired on account of disability may elect to commence receiving his or her disability retirement benefit in any month including or following his or her Disability Retirement Date, in which event the disability retirement benefit shall be reduced by 1/15th for each of the first five years and 1/30th for each of the next five years by which the starting date of his disability retirement benefit precedes the Participant s Normal Retirement Date, and actuarially reduced (using the actuarial factors described in subsection 2.1 of the Plan) for each additional year by which the starting date of his or her disability retirement benefit precedes the Normal Retirement Date. E-6. Form of Payment. Subject to subsection 6.2 of the Plan, an Adams- Millis Participant s full benefit determined under paragraph E-3 shall be payable in any form otherwise available to a Plan Participant with a Retirement Benefit, subject to the provisions of Section 6 of the Plan, except as follows: (a) The Adams-Millis Participant may elect to receive payment of his or her Adams-Millis Benefit, but not his or her Retirement Benefit, in the E-4 form of the Social Security Adjustment Option described in subparagraph 6.4(d) of the Plan, but disregarding the last paragraph thereof and substituting age 65 for the earliest age at which the Participant is eligible for Social Security benefits. (b) The Adams-Millis Participant may not elect to receive payment of his or her Adams-Millis Benefit in the form of the period certain annuity described in subparagraph 6.4(c) of the Plan. (c) An Adams-Millis Participant who is considered a deferred vested participant pursuant to subsection 5.5 of the Plan may elect to receive payment of his or her Adams-Millis Benefit in the form of a 10-year period certain and life annuity (as described in subparagraph 6.4(a) of the Plan) and a 100 contingent annuitant option (as described in subparagraph 6.4(b) of the Plan) in addition to the forms of payment described in subsection 6.5 of the Plan and subparagraph (a) above. All optional forms of benefit shall be actuarially equivalent, as determined using the actuarial factors in Table I or II, as applicable. In no event shall the amount of an Adams-Millis Participant s Adams-Millis Benefit hereunder be less than the benefit such Participant would have received, as of the Merger Date, under the Adams-Millis Plan based on the terms of such plan and the plan s optional form factors as in effect immediately before the Merger Date. An Adams-Millis Participant may elect a form of payment and commencement date for his or her Adams-Millis Benefit that differs from the form of payment and commencement date for any other benefit payable under the Plan. E-7. Death Benefits. At an Adams-Millis Participant s death before payment of a any benefit (including disability benefits) to which such Participant is entitled under the Plan and this Supplement, a death benefit, determined and payable in accordance with subsection 5.6 or 5.7, as applicable, of the Plan, and including such Participant s Adams- Millis Benefit, shall be payable to such Participant s surviving Spouse or beneficiary, as determined in accordance with subsection 5.6 or 5.7 of the Plan. E-8. Limitations. Except to the extent expressly provided herein, the benefits provided pursuant to this Supplement E for an Adams-Millis Participant on account of participation under the Adams-Millis Plan are subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan. Unless specified otherwise, terms used in this Supplement E which are defined in the Plan shall have the same meanings as given them in the Plan. In no event shall the amount of an Adams-Millis Participant s benefit hereunder be less than the benefit such participant would have received, as of the Merger Date, under the Adams-Millis Plan based on the terms of such plan as in effect immediately before the Merger Date. 

E-5 SCHEDULE TO SUPPLEMENT E Adams-Millis Participants Benefits and Years of Service as of January 1, 1997 LAST FOUR DIGITS OF SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER DATE OF BIRTH DATE OF HIRE 12/31/96 VESTING SERVICE 12/31/96 CREDITED SERVICE 12/31/96 FINAL AVERAGE EARNINGS ACCRUED BENEFIT 3504 07/08/54 09/11/95 1.0000 1.0000 84,995.00 1,070.35 2183 02/25/72 09/12/95 1.0000 1.0000 17,996.36 163.50 8633 03/15/37 06/17/92 5.0000 5.0000 16,180.56 806.69 9759 01/19/47 03/04/91 6.0000 6.0000 27,776.76 1,677.88 9892 04/27/59 06/01/87 8.0000 8.0000 18,351.78 1,533.76 8483 12/20/54 04/14/92 5.0000 5.0000 80,082.12 4,921.42 3348 01/16/66 09/01/92 4.0000 4.0000 48,291.76 1,858.43 8131 09/08/55 11/01/94 2.0000 2.0000 14,082.61 309.80 1980 02/12/48 01/27/86 11.0000 11.0000 13,774.07 1,532.88 5864 06/30/52 11/09/94 2.0000 2.0000 76,466.68 1,861.27 2973 06/24/59 09/08/92 4.0000 4.0000 56,711.93 2,457.49 1641 07/17/75 08/29/95 1.0000 1.0000 19,791.62 163.81 6837 04/26/46 03/06/93 4.0000 4.0000 15,823.52 664.58 8894 09/05/48 06/13/88 9.0000 6.0000 84,549.89 6,585.05 0298 11/26/70 08/21/95 1.0000 1.0000 20,049.33 186.71 8919 09/04/62 10/19/81 11.0000 10.0000 15,828.83 1,394.74 5765 12/18/67 04/12/94 3.0000 3.0000 14,414.93 413.03 6955 05/22/69 05/04/87 9.0000 9.0000 14,166.97 984.02 3995 06/07/61 06/19/95 1.0000 1.0000 16,073.77 176.82 4325 04/26/58 10/05/94 2.0000 2.0000 13,419.89 295.24 4028 01/18/69 06/14/94 3.0000 3.0000 22,171.88 619.43 4525 03/04/67 07/11/95 1.0000 1.0000 12,091.76 125.13 5388 06/10/41 04/09/73 23.7277 23.7500 17,073.82 3,936.88 1071 02/19/62 09/15/93 3.0000 3.0000 17,718.73 584.72 4412 02/05/42 05/08/89 8.0000 8.0000 41,750.49 3,230.28 5436 12/22/65 05/14/94 2.0000 2.0000 8,757.96 181.26 9056 03/15/46 07/25/71 25.4333 25.4166 20,116.13 4,248.23 9642 08/08/71 10/03/94 2.0000 2.0000 20,429.09 362.38 9747 11/21/69 12/12/94 2.0000 2.0000 14,595.56 309.78 7733 04/26/65 07/18/95 2.0000 2.0000 18,687.37 397.75 8012 10/26/64 07/14/93 3.0000 3.0000 16,227.72 503.71 0323 04/05/39 05/14/94 3.0000 3.0000 14,673.72 462.22 1265 11/27/53 08/19/91 6.0000 6.0000 21,590.69 1,321.20 1927 01/27/68 07/12/93 3.0000 3.0000 17,410.80 498.87 1969 08/22/68 03/27/95 2.0000 2.0000 11,497.09 219.61 7960 11/28/67 03/22/94 3.0000 3.0000 24,520.43 702.58 0128 08/28/47 10/03/95 1.0000 1.0000 13,574.83 142.53 6424 04/05/48 03/13/78 19.0000 19.0000 17,877.55 3,213.35 5576 06/07/65 06/12/89 7.0000 3.0000 36,085.43 1,089.86 1704 12/07/56 08/12/91 5.0000 5.0000 16,108.36 849.54 8949 04/27/61 07/19/88 8.0000 8.0000 14,058.05 1,189.27 0868 08/05/54 07/01/91 6.0000 6.0000 26,373.83 1,565.17 2397 05/24/53 08/03/93 3.0000 3.0000 15,616.19 491.91 2499 06/13/50 03/19/84 7.0000 6.0000 82,841.10 6,455.52 7592 09/15/63 07/14/93 3.0000 3.0000 9,732.09 310.72 1835 09/29/53 10/03/95 1.0000 1.0000 11,348.25 119.16 E-6 LAST FOUR DIGITS OF SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER DATE OF BIRTH DATE OF HIRE 12/31/96 VESTING SERVICE 12/31/96 CREDITED SERVICE 12/31/96 FINAL AVERAGE EARNINGS ACCRUED BENEFIT 5406 03/04/36 03/07/95 2.0000 2.0000 17,002.89 340.05 3078 04/19/57 01/29/76 21.0000 21.0000 28,639.93 4,395.40 3377 01/12/66 06/12/95 1.0000 1.0000 12,810.68 136.34 3903 01/16/51 08/10/92 4.0000 4.0000 43,414.93 1,778.18 9256 05/23/50 08/18/71 25.3694 25.3333 22,103.33 4,146.58 8632 04/15/62 02/15/88 9.0000 9.0000 16,482.24 1,491.21 0907 05/05/48 04/06/87 10.0000 6.0000 70,506.88 5,110.58 7729 02/19/68 06/08/92 5.0000 5.0000 59,786.32 2,694.41 6181 10/14/72 12/13/94 2.0000 2.0000 12,736.20 220.65 1338 05/13/58 09/01/93 3.0000 3.0000 14,460.16 477.19 5161 10/06/68 01/16/93 4.0000 4.0000 17,300.28 628.71 5756 07/10/71 05/20/91 6.0000 6.0000 14,002.20 664.30 6372 09/11/75 11/01/94 2.0000 2.0000 15,961.04 258.51 8784 03/24/38 10/18/79 17.0000 17.0000 13,444.17 2,142.66 6648 05/08/75 05/03/95 2.0000 2.0000 10,106.15 167.30 8543 01/22/60 10/27/86 9.0000 9.0000 22,619.96 2,297.55 8270 03/17/48 05/25/70 26.6000 26.5833 15,316.00 3,270.81 9008 06/24/55 04/21/80 17.0000 17.0000 14,339.49 2,191.41 9669 10/20/67 01/13/86 11.0000 11.0000 19,997.66 1,598.26 9682 08/02/64 06/27/83 13.0000 13.0000 24,737.78 2,347.50 9964 11/29/51 01/04/95 2.0000 2.0000 20,192.63 424.05 3700 04/28/67 07/10/89 7.0000 7.0000 14,877.22 892.37 7842 05/02/60 06/27/95 1.0000 1.0000 14,254.75 156.79 7093 10/07/74 08/10/92 4.0000 4.0000 19,029.76 588.94 1873 05/10/65 06/08/81 16.0000 16.0000 22,511.55 2,704.81 2025 01/11/74 09/30/91 1.0000 1.0000 18,136.39 168.18 4643 10/02/73 02/24/92 5.0000 5.0000 14,424.64 583.67 4504 10/06/67 04/23/91 6.0000 6.0000 13,509.50 729.17 5646 07/23/68 03/14/86 11.0000 11.0000 15,837.16 1,172.70 2872 01/26/71 02/04/91 6.0000 6.0000 19,924.62 941.43 9947 11/08/72 11/08/95 1.0000 1.0000 20,502.70 181.84 0553 10/09/72 06/15/92 5.0000 5.0000 17,300.57 693.15 1106 05/11/40 05/02/60 36.6638 33.2500 14,666.40 3,992.51 1718 05/13/42 08/09/61 35.3944 33.2500 18,323.83 4,788.65 8966 04/20/42 01/31/95 2.0000 2.0000 13,292.27 279.14 2885 12/15/49 10/29/90 6.0000 6.0000 17,483.37 1,009.14 4192 07/08/52 09/20/79 17.0000 17.0000 24,565.63 3,760.89 5718 05/02/53 08/31/94 1.0000 1.0000 11,301.63 115.87 8528 03/15/56 01/14/85 12.0000 12.0000 16,576.75 1,965.74 2634 07/31/53 03/07/74 22.8166 22.8333 11,543.34 2,050.59 2936 01/22/60 01/05/78 19.0000 19.0000 28,740.18 3,880.31 8019 02/12/60 02/11/80 17.0000 17.0000 17,448.55 2,273.53 8030 07/11/59 04/26/89 4.0000 4.0000 31,553.69 2,061.94 4461 07/07/70 11/06/89 7.0000 7.0000 19,711.01 899.83 6818 08/01/75 09/06/95 1.0000 1.0000 17,886.39 148.04 9287 06/14/64 06/17/94 2.0000 2.0000 13,347.94 284.11 9342 01/28/63 10/14/91 5.0000 5.0000 18,721.21 964.98 1546 08/09/73 05/12/94 3.0000 3.0000 13,143.74 326.42 7511 05/30/66 09/05/91 5.0000 5.0000 26,704.48 1,281.88 7971 07/16/73 01/27/94 3.0000 3.0000 21,852.50 542.70 9185 06/22/74 01/27/94 3.0000 3.0000 21,078.83 512.10 7797 09/12/71 02/03/93 3.0000 3.0000 10,910.04 283.54 7018 05/29/71 06/29/92 4.0000 4.0000 16,856.65 557.49 3414 12/10/37 10/28/85 11.0000 11.0000 14,747.18 1,456.80 4772 10/31/36 01/11/66 30.9722 31.0000 16,271.72 4,230.10 8988 06/08/38 01/20/86 11.0000 11.0000 17,578.67 1,988.18 9321 07/18/42 02/21/61 30.8611 28.2500 17,310.31 4,355.78 9417 09/02/42 09/22/71 25.2750 25.2500 17,461.13 4,095.23 1333 01/11/48 03/24/70 26.7694 26.7500 14,999.88 3,069.99 8598 08/15/59 04/21/92 5.0000 5.0000 14,263.15 776.19 5246 01/05/60 04/20/92 5.0000 5.0000 12,975.18 830.92 5670 06/06/65 08/28/85 11.0000 11.0000 16,828.44 1,464.41 

E-7 LAST FOUR DIGITS OF SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER DATE OF BIRTH DATE OF HIRE 12/31/96 VESTING SERVICE 12/31/96 CREDITED SERVICE 12/31/96 FINAL AVERAGE EARNINGS ACCRUED BENEFIT 1662 04/01/71 04/10/95 2.0000 2.0000 13,500.65 245.31 7536 07/23/74 09/13/93 3.0000 3.0000 17,936.06 435.75 2306 08/21/56 05/20/94 2.0000 2.0000 14,489.50 317.62 3418 07/28/44 07/09/79 18.0000 18.0000 23,325.99 4,155.48 0016 08/27/63 05/07/84 12.0000 12.0000 21,115.49 1,860.83 1215 07/17/59 05/12/80 17.0000 5.0000 28,490.31 1,545.05 8087 04/30/60 02/17/95 2.0000 2.0000 19,296.82 424.55 6600 04/16/59 12/07/92 4.0000 4.0000 17,638.09 752.01 5665 09/15/61 06/18/81 15.0000 15.0000 14,028.12 1,700.62 1986 03/09/69 03/16/92 5.0000 5.0000 17,466.46 767.42 2035 09/28/62 08/15/88 5.0000 5.0000 22,461.30 1,170.16 2669 03/31/69 08/22/94 2.0000 2.0000 10,349.81 197.70 9038 05/23/70 09/13/89 7.0000 7.0000 13,872.94 770.51 0425 01/18/64 02/08/95 2.0000 2.0000 17,539.54 385.85 3752 06/23/62 04/17/90 7.0000 7.0000 30,120.32 1,987.32 1167 09/23/63 10/03/84 12.0000 12.0000 23,418.28 2,179.57 1619 11/23/64 04/23/90 7.0000 7.0000 27,252.88 1,782.51 2834 10/13/71 12/05/89 7.0000 7.0000 28,481.27 1,272.60 3999 08/13/75 03/02/93 4.0000 4.0000 19,529.82 703.14 6549 07/17/43 09/23/76 20.0000 20.0000 32,191.78 5,633.56 8612 01/09/46 02/20/83 12.0000 12.0000 22,615.08 2,444.90 6280 01/24/48 03/26/79 18.0000 18.0000 18,017.56 3,338.65 6933 10/14/50 05/17/95 1.0000 1.0000 12,256.95 128.70 2690 11/28/54 11/06/91 5.0000 5.0000 13,691.19 727.16 4260 10/01/53 08/04/75 21.4083 21.4166 16,482.22 2,627.96 6905 09/17/54 04/23/78 19.0000 19.0000 38,165.52 5,927.92 8521 11/20/54 10/29/79 14.0000 14.0000 17,127.52 2,236.77 8789 12/27/55 08/15/88 8.0000 8.0000 16,892.07 1,396.41 7005 04/11/61 01/11/93 4.0000 4.0000 13,025.47 573.11 3631 06/24/60 02/22/88 6.0000 6.0000 17,138.62 885.36 4800 06/23/64 08/10/83 13.0000 13.0000 18,499.19 1,709.64 1863 11/12/74 05/20/94 3.0000 3.0000 17,741.45 431.02 5419 06/11/71 01/15/90 4.0000 4.0000 10,381.95 412.49 9923 02/02/39 02/12/59 37.8861 33.2500 19,375.62 5,037.90 4984 08/15/41 09/07/94 2.0000 2.0000 14,755.07 309.86 5475 01/01/50 05/05/95 2.0000 2.0000 12,728.47 267.30 1037 04/27/52 01/30/84 8.0000 8.0000 12,084.73 1,015.10 2121 01/11/51 04/27/87 10.0000 10.0000 35,075.74 3,349.54 1915 05/17/55 08/10/81 15.0000 1.0000 100,043.47 1,356.19 1017 03/20/55 12/04/89 7.0000 7.0000 32,414.67 2,308.52 1607 10/16/55 02/14/80 8.0000 8.0000 13,454.32 832.56 0650 01/20/70 03/18/94 3.0000 3.0000 15,605.40 425.34 9887 04/06/58 02/27/78 19.0000 19.0000 17,358.20 2,585.95 7587 09/06/58 01/09/84 13.0000 13.0000 9,341.37 1,153.34 3492 12/31/64 10/23/84 12.0000 12.0000 15,802.24 1,455.42 6447 02/19/75 01/03/95 2.0000 2.0000 16,745.86 277.21 4218 04/17/74 05/04/92 5.0000 5.0000 16,802.69 654.56 7026 04/01/74 04/03/95 2.0000 2.0000 16,783.65 284.15 5094 04/01/67 04/14/86 10.0000 10.0000 22,544.78 1,624.74 3911 04/02/71 12/08/93 3.0000 3.0000 14,350.56 381.83 7683 05/24/71 03/29/95 2.0000 2.0000 12,091.62 219.71 1376 11/05/68 01/18/87 10.0000 10.0000 16,184.80 1,077.49 4849 04/29/39 02/05/68 28.9055 28.9166 18,747.36 4,942.04 4917 03/25/40 09/01/70 25.3333 25.3333 14,585.67 3,482.72 1439 05/19/38 02/20/84 13.0000 13.0000 16,148.13 2,191.49 7565 10/21/40 01/14/74 22.9638 23.0000 14,523.17 3,149.76 8691 10/07/40 06/24/57 39.5194 33.2500 30,955.68 8,101.47 6423 01/09/42 02/18/66 30.8694 30.8333 41,037.09 10,414.80 9282 05/11/44 04/21/80 15.0000 15.0000 16,393.68 2,714.78 9292 02/17/42 02/13/88 9.0000 9.0000 37,729.57 3,144.45 4782 08/17/46 07/08/94 2.0000 2.0000 27,153.39 570.24 7045 02/10/65 07/18/81 15.0000 15.0000 24,823.56 2,864.88 E-8 LAST FOUR DIGITS OF SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER DATE OF BIRTH DATE OF HIRE 12/31/96 VESTING SERVICE 12/31/96 CREDITED SERVICE 12/31/96 FINAL AVERAGE EARNINGS ACCRUED BENEFIT 8121 01/05/50 10/07/79 17.0000 17.0000 19,919.91 3,033.03 9616 01/03/52 07/16/79 17.0000 17.0000 16,272.39 2,538.66 5280 12/09/54 01/21/80 17.0000 17.0000 18,291.84 2,444.18 0517 04/25/57 02/17/86 11.0000 11.0000 13,982.15 1,680.86 0142 10/02/57 07/06/93 4.0000 4.0000 21,468.45 944.59 8932 05/13/59 01/24/91 6.0000 6.0000 19,581.23 1,204.20 7388 08/22/59 04/03/78 19.0000 19.0000 15,371.94 2,175.21 2367 10/26/72 02/22/93 4.0000 4.0000 14,089.48 466.52 3406 07/31/71 08/25/87 9.0000 9.0000 15,205.37 925.70 4132 07/23/65 09/21/92 4.0000 4.0000 16,373.23 618.62 6190 08/19/65 05/02/94 3.0000 3.0000 20,199.62 610.07 5575 06/26/67 10/21/85 5.0000 5.0000 11,212.95 536.96 8448 11/20/69 05/24/93 4.0000 4.0000 12,650.77 448.81 0666 02/28/36 03/11/64 11.0000 10.0000 35,328.24 3,497.76 7216 05/21/37 02/08/73 11.0000 10.0000 32,411.70 3,120.14 3819 08/14/65 02/22/93 4.0000 4.0000 14,864.05 582.81 8913 09/30/46 09/02/86 10.0000 10.0000 17,505.36 1,712.60 4152 04/04/60 06/01/91 6.0000 6.0000 13,621.34 906.02 0835 11/04/47 08/01/94 2.0000 2.0000 19,647.41 412.59 4503 11/18/49 11/17/80 15.0000 15.0000 16,666.07 2,337.46 1606 08/08/52 07/09/73 23.4777 23.5000 22,393.57 3,762.91 1965 05/29/51 07/02/84 12.0000 12.0000 16,236.30 1,912.41 3200 10/10/52 01/24/83 11.0000 11.0000 14,346.78 1,615.45 0664 02/28/68 11/19/91 5.0000 5.0000 16,559.02 720.36 1869 10/09/53 12/03/73 23.0777 23.0833 30,999.91 5,168.55 3996 04/12/56 05/31/93 4.0000 4.0000 15,897.39 699.50 9978 09/15/62 09/21/81 15.0000 15.0000 13,618.17 1,621.58 2045 10/26/62 06/06/85 11.0000 10.0000 31,044.61 2,478.83 4618 02/25/69 05/21/95 1.0000 1.0000 12,424.05 121.81 4089 09/17/33 04/14/70 19.7138 19.7500 12,417.62 2,145.92 1815 11/08/74 06/08/92 3.0000 3.0000 19,772.56 482.94 8689 11/19/40 05/28/68 28.5916 28.5833 21,118.98 5,307.88 0642 05/15/41 07/09/79 17.0000 17.0000 18,789.41 3,182.90 7547 10/21/40 09/15/80 16.0000 16.0000 15,117.93 2,116.51 9337 09/30/40 09/10/84 12.0000 12.0000 18,060.46 2,148.55 9495 11/25/44 11/06/91 5.0000 5.0000 14,675.03 751.02 4966 09/06/45 10/01/79 17.0000 17.0000 21,237.93 3,675.21 2142 08/01/51 06/28/71 25.5083 25.5000 16,215.78 2,979.48 6796 10/01/51 03/30/94 3.0000 3.0000 14,418.68 454.17 7010 03/05/53 04/17/92 5.0000 5.0000 12,459.01 658.55 7919 04/02/54 03/08/93 4.0000 4.0000 17,398.79 730.77 0908 01/31/57 11/12/77 11.0000 10.0000 16,145.50 1,608.26 1956 03/12/36 08/23/94 2.0000 2.0000 30,131.00 602.61 8942 05/08/50 09/27/72 24.2611 24.2500 15,948.98 2,831.59 9266 06/18/73 10/10/94 2.0000 2.0000 15,879.30 291.79 5147 12/16/50 06/15/94 3.0000 3.0000 17,794.35 560.51 8927 06/28/60 07/31/87 10.0000 10.0000 14,581.14 1,295.51 8276 04/17/69 11/27/89 7.0000 7.0000 17,514.64 924.92 8758 06/07/51 01/02/90 7.0000 7.0000 34,211.62 2,342.24 6031 04/13/54 07/14/75 21.4638 21.5000 16,883.76 2,704.42 7324 05/23/63 01/18/93 4.0000 4.0000 22,175.81 944.09 0345 09/19/72 07/15/91 5.0000 5.0000 13,759.55 539.20 2014 05/06/41 04/28/80 17.0000 17.0000 16,312.31 2,762.31 8137 04/10/49 06/29/92 4.0000 4.0000 12,984.99 550.04 7032 12/23/51 12/12/83 11.0000 10.0000 18,269.67 1,774.08 2647 12/28/56 08/09/79 17.0000 17.0000 14,558.25 2,003.51 3055 01/24/55 04/06/81 16.0000 16.0000 14,140.04 2,168.99 3165 03/11/56 02/17/74 22.8722 22.8333 33,817.05 5,203.63 4574 07/28/55 05/03/93 4.0000 4.0000 16,726.39 735.97 4762 01/15/56 04/03/78 19.0000 19.0000 18,637.09 2,882.57 4766 11/25/55 04/03/95 2.0000 2.0000 18,623.95 409.71 4635 11/03/53 02/03/86 11.0000 11.0000 11,400.93 1,247.46 

E-9 LAST FOUR DIGITS OF SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER DATE OF BIRTH DATE OF HIRE 12/31/96 VESTING SERVICE 12/31/96 CREDITED SERVICE 12/31/96 FINAL AVERAGE EARNINGS ACCRUED BENEFIT 0563 09/29/57 10/15/86 10.0000 10.0000 15,736.49 1,385.72 3008 02/28/59 10/10/94 2.0000 2.0000 10,682.20 235.02 4537 05/10/58 05/01/89 8.0000 8.0000 16,621.10 1,396.78 4580 02/05/59 01/28/91 6.0000 6.0000 13,135.15 857.12 4652 03/11/57 05/09/95 2.0000 2.0000 12,247.53 269.43 4908 07/02/59 03/07/88 9.0000 9.0000 24,628.20 2,008.21 7256 02/24/63 07/20/92 4.0000 4.0000 18,482.44 774.95 3174 07/29/60 10/04/84 12.0000 12.0000 18,566.91 1,880.41 9599 08/17/59 10/06/86 3.0000 3.0000 19,060.06 628.95 3584 03/14/61 06/12/93 4.0000 4.0000 18,646.17 820.42 4406 03/09/63 08/24/92 4.0000 4.0000 14,214.69 608.29 0518 02/23/60 11/09/92 4.0000 4.0000 11,860.06 530.55 6306 05/12/66 11/02/94 2.0000 2.0000 11,120.86 230.16 4360 07/17/74 04/27/94 3.0000 3.0000 19,583.06 475.76 4417 12/27/75 11/09/94 2.0000 2.0000 15,672.08 253.83 8197 12/13/61 03/16/87 10.0000 10.0000 17,538.98 1,530.39 7479 09/20/67 07/10/95 2.0000 2.0000 18,578.23 364.22 3329 10/02/64 05/08/95 2.0000 2.0000 18,367.13 390.94 6409 01/15/73 03/23/92 5.0000 5.0000 12,647.33 547.65 6411 02/16/70 06/02/86 11.0000 11.0000 15,734.03 1,209.43 7287 03/20/72 10/21/91 5.0000 5.0000 18,199.46 718.56 0296 10/01/73 11/22/93 3.0000 3.0000 12,911.89 320.66 3565 11/14/67 04/02/84 13.0000 13.0000 24,857.71 2,451.46 6932 08/04/71 12/15/93 1.0000 1.0000 11,960.45 159.46 7429 01/24/69 11/06/95 1.0000 1.0000 16,994.03 166.61 5870 12/09/32 11/15/71 25.1277 25.1666 23,284.94 5,689.03 8287 10/26/68 04/03/95 2.0000 2.0000 15,153.27 289.45 5184 04/02/36 09/29/54 42.2555 33.2500 17,746.07 4,841.35 3148 08/08/33 06/03/85 12.0000 10.0000 16,622.71 1,722.58 9801 12/01/66 12/07/92 4.0000 4.0000 22,804.45 859.66 5815 05/12/36 03/02/78 19.0000 19.0000 14,093.23 2,343.01 5957 05/28/37 04/09/79 18.0000 18.0000 26,662.63 4,765.84 6212 03/25/37 04/03/63 33.7444 33.2500 15,694.89 4,350.37 6772 12/17/37 04/17/78 19.0000 19.0000 21,554.63 3,651.31 0894 05/17/41 03/02/92 5.0000 5.0000 19,292.55 1,027.28 5111 04/30/43 03/21/77 20.0000 20.0000 19,410.03 3,785.33 1472 08/16/42 02/27/67 29.8444 29.8333 17,376.82 4,023.02 1645 06/23/42 07/13/70 26.4666 26.5000 12,207.41 2,881.75 1860 04/27/44 07/17/73 13.0000 10.0000 16,624.59 1,938.49 2028 12/05/42 07/22/91 5.0000 5.0000 11,857.38 612.87 0080 10/16/42 10/29/69 27.1722 27.1666 21,807.61 5,486.43 0649 04/01/43 11/03/64 32.1611 32.1666 15,930.52 4,080.99 1807 01/02/48 08/16/79 17.0000 17.0000 25,166.68 3,743.54 2291 02/04/43 07/21/64 32.4444 32.4166 41,170.29 9,816.90 6944 08/22/71 02/13/95 2.0000 2.0000 20,962.38 371.84 3807 09/29/60 03/20/95 2.0000 2.0000 22,621.81 497.71 2730 01/01/44 01/17/95 2.0000 2.0000 13,936.71 292.68 0570 04/26/63 03/27/81 16.0000 16.0000 18,556.17 2,202.47 1740 03/03/48 10/31/72 24.1666 24.1666 17,367.05 3,727.44 3903 07/22/46 10/15/73 22.2111 22.2500 16,555.76 3,415.63 3360 09/27/66 11/23/92 4.0000 4.0000 15,815.12 599.82 3555 03/16/72 01/11/93 4.0000 4.0000 19,775.20 669.67 3559 10/01/66 01/19/94 3.0000 3.0000 17,214.19 506.25 5220 05/14/47 11/20/78 18.0000 18.0000 26,238.28 4,833.41 5919 05/06/46 11/12/85 11.0000 11.0000 17,352.52 1,950.77 7194 03/16/54 01/16/79 12.0000 6.0000 17,859.90 1,969.80 5656 09/29/70 01/19/94 3.0000 3.0000 14,074.29 427.80 8646 12/27/48 10/01/85 10.0000 10.0000 15,433.75 1,538.43 9003 06/14/52 04/03/69 27.7444 27.7500 44,223.04 8,776.06 9010 10/30/55 09/10/73 23.3083 23.3333 19,201.05 3,387.81 2564 12/22/55 06/05/81 11.0000 10.0000 13,663.09 1,448.57 0099 07/25/50 12/04/95 1.0000 1.0000 10,497.44 144.00 E-10 LAST FOUR DIGITS OF SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER DATE OF BIRTH DATE OF HIRE 12/31/96 VESTING SERVICE 12/31/96 CREDITED SERVICE 12/31/96 FINAL AVERAGE EARNINGS ACCRUED BENEFIT 0969 05/19/50 03/03/78 19.0000 19.0000 16,884.65 2,772.13 2468 11/23/51 08/26/74 22.3472 22.3333 18,121.58 3,273.58 5805 07/17/51 06/01/69 27.5833 27.5833 22,211.56 4,266.84 6077 08/10/50 10/20/86 10.0000 10.0000 31,047.90 3,107.21 6428 09/13/49 01/15/72 11.0000 10.0000 17,020.99 1,690.17 6736 01/17/51 02/07/77 11.0000 10.0000 19,250.90 1,908.51 7237 02/17/55 05/04/82 11.0000 10.0000 16,448.37 1,736.74 8884 12/02/52 04/01/93 4.0000 4.0000 46,998.33 1,973.93 7295 07/31/56 05/12/92 5.0000 5.0000 16,744.87 890.32 0168 10/07/53 06/03/91 6.0000 6.0000 52,141.97 3,209.22 0949 11/08/53 01/17/92 5.0000 5.0000 17,018.74 882.44 0513 03/27/54 03/27/79 18.0000 18.0000 16,899.21 2,371.03 3170 07/30/68 03/28/88 9.0000 9.0000 15,595.43 986.38 5632 09/21/59 07/14/80 16.0000 16.0000 42,036.91 5,347.61 7362 11/17/56 02/26/91 6.0000 6.0000 14,399.98 915.39 7597 08/13/57 10/08/75 21.2305 21.2500 20,828.83 3,332.68 1514 12/10/58 07/02/78 16.0000 16.0000 17,248.95 2,218.02 9115 07/27/65 05/12/94 3.0000 3.0000 9,738.96 294.14 2306 05/22/56 02/25/79 18.0000 18.0000 42,479.51 6,370.11 9094 09/17/60 08/14/95 1.0000 1.0000 14,470.98 159.16 6142 11/04/58 06/12/95 2.0000 2.0000 22,626.07 497.81 1996 06/14/62 02/22/83 14.0000 14.0000 29,483.23 2,941.55 8185 01/06/43 08/18/75 21.3694 21.3333 16,802.11 3,486.00 1599 06/14/60 03/06/95 2.0000 2.0000 32,172.96 707.85 1619 08/10/60 12/11/78 18.0000 18.0000 27,286.71 3,560.37 2405 01/10/68 03/08/87 10.0000 10.0000 29,768.69 2,253.08 3418 11/23/65 10/24/88 8.0000 8.0000 15,890.51 1,116.95 6726 06/27/63 06/02/93 4.0000 4.0000 16,019.22 663.01 3466 11/11/63 04/08/81 15.0000 15.0000 25,785.25 3,089.53 7110 07/12/63 06/01/87 10.0000 10.0000 16,362.05 1,390.69 9014 01/30/62 04/12/93 4.0000 4.0000 26,183.95 1,152.12 4823 03/05/64 07/09/81 15.0000 15.0000 29,736.01 3,034.32 7998 09/14/62 04/24/89 8.0000 8.0000 14,784.36 1,057.99 0958 07/21/24 10/25/90 6.0000 6.0000 14,559.43 803.04 5102 02/19/72 09/17/90 4.0000 4.0000 17,285.22 550.84 0489 07/24/73 08/29/95 1.0000 1.0000 10,695.91 92.67 4641 02/10/70 10/23/89 7.0000 7.0000 19,669.34 1,035.47 4014 07/13/70 05/08/95 2.0000 2.0000 19,241.48 349.63 2152 07/17/33 09/12/78 19.0000 19.0000 20,987.25 3,489.12 0959 08/21/70 04/18/95 2.0000 2.0000 16,098.26 292.51 4891 02/06/70 09/18/86 10.0000 10.0000 12,861.62 917.28 8345 08/01/33 10/05/72 11.0000 10.0000 12,747.28 1,237.54 9255 11/15/34 02/08/80 13.0000 10.0000 27,293.21 2,979.66 9316 05/24/36 02/21/61 11.0000 10.0000 32,981.11 3,253.48 9356 03/20/37 09/12/66 11.0000 10.0000 60,011.31 7,697.61 9798 06/14/35 03/16/53 43.7916 43.7500 18,859.08 5,496.41 7940 07/20/75 09/06/94 1.0000 1.0000 9,580.38 112.91 3836 10/17/38 02/02/87 10.0000 10.0000 16,793.30 1,791.48 5023 05/12/37 07/13/64 32.4666 32.5000 24,477.08 6,364.06 8605 07/07/38 01/01/91 5.0000 5.0000 13,815.65 750.96 6636 08/30/37 03/12/86 11.0000 10.0000 13,576.91 1,222.46 4796 05/07/41 05/14/74 21.6305 21.6666 21,894.77 4,946.69 7755 03/07/37 10/21/75 21.1944 21.1666 15,704.57 3,225.69 9448 08/06/38 09/24/90 6.0000 6.0000 15,891.18 992.38 9789 07/10/40 08/29/66 30.3388 30.3333 34,570.05 9,310.68 3063 01/13/41 02/18/91 6.0000 6.0000 54,692.39 3,844.13 3388 07/28/41 04/30/91 6.0000 6.0000 19,201.34 1,229.14 3444 02/02/39 05/20/81 16.0000 16.0000 24,924.10 3,969.43 8558 01/17/67 08/28/89 7.0000 7.0000 20,354.00 1,222.54 8882 07/22/61 05/12/92 5.0000 5.0000 14,331.13 786.91 8138 08/01/42 02/20/73 23.8638 23.8333 68,284.01 20,242.58 9515 06/19/43 06/14/71 25.5472 25.5833 28,154.34 6,947.97 

E-11 LAST FOUR DIGITS OF SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER DATE OF BIRTH DATE OF HIRE 12/31/96 VESTING SERVICE 12/31/96 CREDITED SERVICE 12/31/96 FINAL AVERAGE EARNINGS ACCRUED BENEFIT 9638 11/18/43 09/12/66 30.3027 30.3333 26,903.05 6,074.99 9967 02/17/41 01/21/80 17.0000 17.0000 18,190.63 3,123.40 1253 01/13/72 07/16/91 5.0000 5.0000 18,097.73 740.78 8301 10/08/44 11/22/76 11.0000 10.0000 27,525.29 2,608.51 2820 02/15/45 12/30/68 28.0027 28.0000 51,476.09 12,585.63 8148 04/07/43 12/05/79 17.0000 17.0000 19,011.50 3,136.05 2758 03/14/48 03/13/69 27.8000 27.8333 27,208.18 6,148.43 7590 03/23/52 06/19/78 19.0000 19.0000 28,478.44 4,495.96 9167 01/16/41 10/31/77 11.0000 10.0000 12,099.11 1,165.71 9227 10/09/47 01/20/92 5.0000 5.0000 15,408.14 822.19 9374 01/13/48 11/13/79 13.0000 10.0000 18,401.38 2,042.92 3033 06/13/73 07/10/95 1.0000 1.0000 20,698.21 179.34 7672 03/26/73 05/03/93 4.0000 4.0000 20,899.36 692.01 6236 04/29/50 06/12/68 28.5527 28.5833 14,893.15 2,859.80 6741 05/01/53 06/09/69 27.5611 27.5833 12,668.74 2,543.82 7070 07/06/51 10/22/90 6.0000 6.0000 28,777.53 1,882.56 1082 05/07/51 09/13/82 13.0000 3.0000 44,369.88 1,397.61 2569 02/16/53 07/14/77 19.0000 19.0000 21,040.28 3,386.26 2769 04/23/54 10/20/78 18.0000 18.0000 27,286.71 3,938.50 2873 05/27/52 01/23/84 13.0000 13.0000 13,534.11 1,856.22 4990 06/05/53 01/19/87 10.0000 10.0000 14,565.25 1,411.90 8540 06/19/54 03/10/86 11.0000 11.0000 15,200.90 1,667.85 8837 01/26/55 08/01/88 8.0000 8.0000 14,896.35 1,189.26 2813 05/03/56 09/03/74 22.3277 22.3333 16,408.53 2,927.43 3053 06/25/54 01/11/78 19.0000 19.0000 14,655.52 2,305.96 9025 07/27/56 12/27/88 8.0000 8.0000 20,459.10 1,650.79 9317 10/23/53 02/22/73 13.0000 10.0000 15,659.25 1,741.63 0328 06/13/59 05/14/84 12.0000 12.0000 14,787.58 1,621.00 1578 11/30/55 03/16/77 18.0000 18.0000 15,888.27 2,513.03 1876 10/04/57 07/20/94 2.0000 2.0000 18,641.69 410.13 3410 04/03/60 01/09/79 18.0000 18.0000 18,643.04 2,661.13 8893 02/05/61 03/17/86 11.0000 11.0000 18,714.46 1,776.82 0497 04/10/63 09/09/94 2.0000 2.0000 17,618.80 387.64 4763 09/26/72 10/07/91 5.0000 5.0000 15,146.23 613.19 7886 10/31/58 10/22/91 5.0000 5.0000 25,508.87 1,435.97 0894 08/26/59 01/23/84 13.0000 13.0000 14,133.78 1,641.04 3305 02/01/58 10/10/77 19.0000 19.0000 19,028.03 2,575.85 4301 04/10/59 10/23/78 18.0000 18.0000 28,609.71 4,036.12 4599 05/08/61 08/29/94 2.0000 2.0000 13,204.48 290.52 8895 05/21/62 12/05/94 2.0000 2.0000 38,863.34 854.99 9658 12/15/64 10/11/95 1.0000 1.0000 15,156.99 166.72 3942 09/21/73 09/06/95 1.0000 1.0000 19,070.29 165.23 4535 03/15/61 05/20/86 11.0000 11.0000 15,259.09 1,570.18 5743 05/30/60 02/27/84 13.0000 13.0000 12,616.25 1,393.39 2742 08/08/59 07/06/93 4.0000 4.0000 24,322.76 1,070.20 7732 08/24/62 04/13/86 10.0000 10.0000 11,877.25 1,053.93 9055 11/09/66 07/22/91 5.0000 5.0000 12,449.87 574.59 2429 07/16/61 10/28/81 15.0000 15.0000 24,242.64 2,613.54 3956 12/17/62 05/28/90 2.0000 2.0000 13,063.60 333.93 5655 09/05/58 02/06/84 13.0000 13.0000 15,985.35 1,796.68 5781 12/13/72 05/31/95 2.0000 2.0000 13,392.53 232.02 5939 05/07/22 02/01/93 3.0000 3.0000 8,753.88 262.62 7721 07/20/63 07/20/81 15.0000 15.0000 16,797.33 1,857.65 8802 04/10/61 05/01/79 18.0000 18.0000 18,636.68 2,307.35 2627 02/13/63 06/26/95 1.0000 1.0000 12,034.72 132.38 7013 09/09/63 10/18/93 3.0000 3.0000 15,726.44 502.10 0821 08/26/64 01/22/90 7.0000 7.0000 15,815.26 1,008.04 5357 01/11/63 07/11/83 9.0000 9.0000 20,924.17 1,412.38 6443 03/19/66 03/25/85 12.0000 12.0000 22,185.87 2,029.03 6444 12/26/67 09/09/85 11.0000 11.0000 16,987.34 1,448.75 0738 04/26/65 07/09/84 12.0000 12.0000 15,925.76 1,476.62 5116 10/10/67 09/28/86 10.0000 10.0000 24,046.61 1,954.80 E-12 LAST FOUR DIGITS OF SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER DATE OF BIRTH DATE OF HIRE 12/31/96 VESTING SERVICE 12/31/96 CREDITED SERVICE 12/31/96 FINAL AVERAGE EARNINGS ACCRUED BENEFIT 7167 06/12/73 11/29/94 2.0000 2.0000 15,335.67 259.63 0006 02/06/68 01/11/93 4.0000 4.0000 20,674.40 770.12 1201 03/04/67 05/16/95 2.0000 2.0000 16,795.02 338.14 5326 02/28/66 10/19/87 9.0000 9.0000 15,473.45 1,069.12 1361 05/03/70 08/31/87 9.0000 9.0000 13,243.65 980.70 9131 09/07/72 01/20/92 5.0000 5.0000 15,483.00 616.27 6012 05/20/34 06/18/79 18.0000 18.0000 12,781.80 2,048.69 6219 04/19/33 01/12/89 8.0000 8.0000 14,763.24 1,103.59 6327 11/03/31 04/18/49 47.7027 33.2500 42,637.96 17,933.19 6591 04/18/34 11/13/51 45.1333 45.1666 15,529.52 4,871.94 9645 06/23/37 08/08/56 40.3972 33.2500 17,075.59 4,586.44 6402 10/25/33 06/27/77 11.0000 10.0000 19,181.39 1,872.36 7387 12/27/34 01/06/84 12.0000 9.0000 34,877.17 4,160.33 1769 12/06/74 03/01/95 2.0000 2.0000 17,756.68 293.94 1797 06/02/52 09/25/89 7.0000 7.0000 17,976.39 1,226.62 2593 03/14/70 12/12/88 1.0000 1.0000 19,999.98 382.05 8572 11/13/74 09/06/94 2.0000 2.0000 19,557.07 323.75 4190 05/01/14 01/07/81 11.0000 9.0000 11,853.75 1,391.49 2605 09/09/36 02/15/62 34.8777 34.9166 21,413.90 6,023.13 4049 10/09/37 02/18/80 16.0000 3.0000 43,087.23 1,420.74 4738 04/20/38 05/01/60 11.0000 10.0000 28,577.37 2,918.97 0607 03/17/38 05/24/56 40.6027 40.5833 20,907.23 5,977.52 0652 04/27/37 06/17/74 22.5388 22.5000 24,926.43 5,677.87 1240 02/28/39 04/01/74 13.0000 10.0000 13,656.52 1,409.39 3580 10/13/72 02/03/92 5.0000 5.0000 14,581.37 683.45 7378 01/13/68 03/06/95 2.0000 2.0000 28,785.58 564.33 8801 02/10/55 11/09/92 4.0000 4.0000 20,099.27 862.40 5784 08/09/38 04/24/95 2.0000 2.0000 14,936.76 313.67 6293 08/04/39 03/20/67 29.7805 29.7500 16,325.33 4,342.98 9256 05/22/41 05/25/59 37.6000 37.5833 15,701.82 4,479.72 9574 08/02/37 08/06/63 33.4027 33.2500 29,032.55 8,184.76 3684 12/06/41 11/06/95 1.0000 1.0000 20,494.04 215.19 3854 03/25/68 01/25/93 4.0000 4.0000 22,308.79 831.00 5046 01/22/42 05/20/63 33.6138 33.5833 13,522.10 3,393.62 6587 06/07/44 01/16/62 34.9583 34.9166 23,031.51 5,648.15 6851 01/01/44 11/10/86 10.0000 10.0000 20,437.57 2,014.38 6931 06/17/44 08/30/76 20.0000 20.0000 11,934.38 2,410.11 7418 01/17/44 03/07/78 19.0000 19.0000 15,692.98 2,922.18 0295 01/05/63 01/06/92 5.0000 5.0000 20,391.08 1,038.37 9660 02/04/40 07/10/93 3.0000 3.0000 16,977.22 534.79 2151 08/25/52 12/09/91 5.0000 5.0000 15,126.10 753.83 2886 04/12/43 10/11/89 7.0000 7.0000 14,730.80 1,027.80 4595 07/13/47 03/27/76 21.0000 21.0000 21,065.00 3,586.75 4629 04/25/47 09/13/90 6.0000 6.0000 15,579.28 932.69 2806 08/19/47 02/20/84 13.0000 13.0000 32,900.77 4,065.11 4333 09/27/63 05/09/94 3.0000 3.0000 15,563.87 496.91 2655 03/04/46 04/18/66 30.7027 30.6666 18,787.01 4,476.19 1369 11/23/49 05/14/90 6.0000 6.0000 16,580.61 1,039.57 1699 09/15/48 05/07/73 10.0000 9.0000 38,488.95 3,330.84 3671 01/21/53 05/24/76 20.0000 20.0000 16,531.12 2,698.60 1073 06/02/52 08/12/74 22.3861 22.4166 16,612.70 3,339.08 7522 03/22/49 01/15/79 18.0000 18.0000 21,024.41 3,592.68 7754 09/29/52 06/14/71 25.5472 25.5833 15,428.20 2,705.91 8150 03/01/49 08/21/89 7.0000 7.0000 14,126.46 1,002.48 8859 07/06/51 02/20/95 2.0000 2.0000 16,328.18 342.89 9050 04/08/51 04/02/79 18.0000 18.0000 17,392.43 2,867.41 9204 05/13/50 02/10/80 17.0000 17.0000 28,614.56 4,731.24 0010 05/02/54 02/25/88 9.0000 9.0000 17,731.44 1,467.45 0137 07/05/55 09/19/88 8.0000 8.0000 17,340.86 1,349.03 0474 11/09/56 09/12/94 2.0000 2.0000 16,577.76 364.69 0828 06/01/54 03/26/84 13.0000 13.0000 16,724.71 2,046.02 1193 03/25/50 05/23/83 14.0000 14.0000 16,610.06 2,408.95 

E-13 LAST FOUR DIGITS OF SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER DATE OF BIRTH DATE OF HIRE 12/31/96 VESTING SERVICE 12/31/96 CREDITED SERVICE 12/31/96 FINAL AVERAGE EARNINGS ACCRUED BENEFIT 1861 10/12/53 12/04/79 17.0000 17.0000 16,508.39 2,447.61 1939 08/02/53 06/18/79 18.0000 18.0000 14,862.69 2,473.07 2118 05/03/56 05/20/79 18.0000 18.0000 26,410.61 4,204.40 2449 07/11/55 06/04/73 23.5750 23.5833 14,506.65 2,701.10 5306 12/21/56 01/31/83 12.0000 12.0000 25,636.58 3,015.03 5695 04/30/59 04/12/83 14.0000 14.0000 27,014.66 3,328.07 8009 10/11/55 04/02/79 18.0000 18.0000 18,256.35 2,786.89 8232 08/10/52 05/30/77 20.0000 20.0000 16,961.03 2,773.17 8295 01/22/54 01/30/84 6.0000 6.0000 10,785.80 703.67 8407 06/08/56 04/24/78 19.0000 19.0000 17,735.15 2,869.72 8897 07/19/58 11/20/78 18.0000 18.0000 37,949.81 5,486.42 9039 05/17/56 09/30/74 22.2527 22.2500 31,401.92 5,300.57 9221 09/30/56 02/07/94 3.0000 3.0000 18,728.81 618.03 9539 06/02/55 06/28/95 2.0000 2.0000 19,784.95 435.25 9610 05/28/56 10/12/76 12.0000 12.0000 6,858.77 595.75 3360 06/26/63 02/04/85 12.0000 12.0000 14,346.35 1,353.18 4729 10/19/55 07/08/81 15.0000 15.0000 16,725.12 2,233.72 4110 04/22/16 05/14/73 11.0000 9.0000 16,756.59 2,068.11 6252 01/06/53 01/01/77 19.0000 19.0000 14,276.07 2,376.06 7363 01/25/56 09/28/92 4.0000 4.0000 12,023.44 518.45 1057 07/22/61 08/01/95 1.0000 1.0000 15,425.32 169.69 3334 03/28/60 10/14/91 5.0000 5.0000 12,874.32 727.31 7555 10/05/60 04/07/86 11.0000 10.0000 11,421.11 1,026.74 3074 07/18/60 12/04/89 7.0000 7.0000 32,814.84 2,217.05 4019 04/26/74 11/06/95 1.0000 1.0000 12,004.20 104.01 6243 10/16/59 05/05/87 10.0000 10.0000 19,499.30 2,095.94 6995 01/13/62 01/30/89 8.0000 8.0000 19,051.07 1,593.29 3357 09/11/60 03/06/89 8.0000 8.0000 17,951.31 1,380.31 0755 01/11/63 02/25/86 11.0000 11.0000 14,822.91 1,522.50 2886 08/05/60 09/25/78 18.0000 18.0000 24,683.68 3,016.13 5953 07/31/60 01/16/78 19.0000 19.0000 22,593.03 3,089.42 6395 03/21/62 11/22/93 3.0000 3.0000 16,157.73 533.21 1274 04/19/68 01/14/87 9.0000 9.0000 16,914.49 1,062.96 9647 08/13/68 07/10/95 1.0000 1.0000 17,598.73 172.54 2775 08/19/67 01/21/91 4.0000 4.0000 12,476.71 450.03 2949 10/19/67 12/11/95 1.0000 1.0000 21,867.67 220.18 5155 12/15/60 03/30/87 10.0000 10.0000 11,909.57 1,070.71 2790 05/29/35 02/28/66 30.8416 30.8333 37,430.31 12,290.79 8077 09/28/34 07/09/79 17.0000 17.0000 14,478.55 2,277.56 9381 01/21/34 01/19/79 18.0000 18.0000 17,793.69 3,105.92 1492 01/29/36 12/05/90 6.0000 6.0000 27,540.75 1,585.29 8016 02/14/37 10/26/65 12.0000 10.0000 22,414.72 2,401.86 8105 02/14/38 08/25/71 11.0000 10.0000 17,437.59 1,668.38 2002 05/10/69 05/03/93 4.0000 4.0000 14,628.20 531.60 7198 02/15/36 02/18/63 33.8694 33.8333 13,364.09 3,883.55 7694 01/20/73 09/25/91 5.0000 5.0000 20,479.19 785.27 9615 10/15/39 02/26/68 11.0000 10.0000 34,737.95 3,131.60 9892 08/25/40 03/12/73 23.8027 23.8333 13,531.98 2,971.53 0259 01/03/62 06/29/92 4.0000 4.0000 15,367.49 677.78 8579 01/20/72 06/17/94 3.0000 3.0000 26,244.74 682.08 8333 10/04/42 04/17/78 19.0000 19.0000 16,344.04 3,118.50 2771 05/24/45 02/18/74 22.8694 22.8333 26,165.29 5,001.83 3522 09/23/46 02/26/90 7.0000 7.0000 26,749.38 1,928.10 3954 01/01/43 08/29/89 7.0000 7.0000 12,728.43 850.83 4290 02/26/45 08/23/93 3.0000 3.0000 15,616.81 491.93 4748 11/27/44 05/24/89 8.0000 8.0000 13,773.58 1,054.58 0393 12/21/43 09/10/73 23.3083 23.3333 20,263.83 4,792.67 0622 03/27/45 02/28/66 30.8416 30.8333 14,715.19 3,319.65 0698 12/13/43 01/08/69 27.9805 28.0000 34,128.51 8,177.99 1705 06/19/46 11/19/90 6.0000 6.0000 11,695.66 769.79 2120 11/02/44 06/08/70 26.5638 26.5833 21,433.10 4,811.19 2875 09/09/47 06/01/81 16.0000 16.0000 30,669.51 4,802.77 E-14 LAST FOUR DIGITS OF SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER DATE OF BIRTH DATE OF HIRE 12/31/96 VESTING SERVICE 12/31/96 CREDITED SERVICE 12/31/96 FINAL AVERAGE EARNINGS ACCRUED BENEFIT 3097 06/17/45 02/27/95 2.0000 2.0000 10,312.13 216.55 4033 11/28/45 02/02/81 16.0000 16.0000 34,588.33 5,874.91 4336 10/27/44 05/12/75 21.6361 21.6666 15,492.47 3,551.19 4415 09/30/47 06/05/80 7.0000 7.0000 0.00 1,166.52 4534 02/08/48 02/28/74 22.8416 22.8333 25,762.88 5,002.29 6108 04/21/49 12/07/94 2.0000 2.0000 67,806.72 1,594.17 5042 04/10/49 03/01/82 11.0000 10.0000 29,494.88 2,884.78 5550 05/11/48 10/01/84 12.0000 12.0000 17,242.10 2,019.57 5953 02/19/50 06/08/87 10.0000 10.0000 18,232.73 1,820.20 1855 10/04/75 04/25/94 3.0000 3.0000 19,061.40 453.22 6184 05/16/49 03/17/86 11.0000 11.0000 18,440.19 2,271.53 6221 01/11/50 07/16/79 18.0000 18.0000 16,275.57 2,623.18 6578 03/22/47 09/05/67 29.3222 29.3333 13,157.40 3,034.00 7186 10/03/53 05/21/84 12.0000 12.0000 21,263.13 2,620.59 7498 12/04/49 04/22/91 6.0000 6.0000 16,867.92 1,064.95 1099 01/27/51 03/03/89 8.0000 8.0000 9,614.86 846.80 0696 09/02/51 08/12/91 5.0000 5.0000 12,252.16 596.67 0946 12/14/51 12/04/72 21.5972 21.5833 24,244.26 4,125.68 1740 07/01/50 01/18/92 4.0000 4.0000 12,138.77 470.90 2214 10/08/51 03/26/79 18.0000 18.0000 39,971.38 6,622.27 2226 12/16/54 05/15/91 6.0000 6.0000 14,650.57 956.79 4321 04/01/52 05/12/86 11.0000 11.0000 25,540.18 2,732.16 7167 09/08/51 09/19/94 2.0000 2.0000 47,955.19 1,007.07 1991 02/17/54 01/25/88 9.0000 9.0000 16,016.33 1,424.93 2410 12/20/52 09/11/78 11.0000 10.0000 13,642.59 1,553.82 0066 05/09/55 08/06/79 16.0000 2.0000 53,336.60 1,173.40 4652 11/18/53 07/31/78 11.0000 10.0000 15,652.33 1,650.21 4943 05/15/57 01/20/86 11.0000 11.0000 34,152.74 3,333.69 8579 09/25/58 03/29/83 11.0000 10.0000 16,455.63 1,567.76 0037 08/20/57 01/13/93 4.0000 4.0000 19,345.77 851.19 0519 10/12/56 11/18/91 5.0000 5.0000 16,622.84 875.61 0653 09/25/57 04/28/92 4.0000 4.0000 13,932.46 634.10 1088 03/02/56 06/24/74 22.5194 22.5000 16,161.33 2,559.32 1219 10/05/56 06/13/79 18.0000 18.0000 17,105.53 2,717.48 1635 10/14/56 01/17/84 13.0000 13.0000 17,657.88 2,174.91 1762 09/18/57 11/07/77 19.0000 19.0000 22,544.18 3,167.29 2862 01/04/56 09/05/78 18.0000 18.0000 17,240.12 2,662.44 3776 06/20/61 07/07/80 14.0000 14.0000 16,566.85 1,864.11 7948 07/13/55 04/04/88 8.0000 8.0000 14,766.78 1,111.21 8764 12/21/70 01/22/90 7.0000 7.0000 16,714.51 845.42 9148 11/10/57 09/26/83 13.0000 13.0000 33,158.05 3,606.92 9918 11/12/56 06/19/84 11.0000 10.0000 18,541.59 1,708.55 2149 09/22/60 07/13/92 3.0000 3.0000 74,569.19 2,715.63 3308 03/20/55 04/20/92 5.0000 5.0000 10,526.04 590.33 1517 02/01/64 08/23/93 3.0000 3.0000 14,940.81 477.01 6786 03/18/61 06/12/89 2.0000 2.0000 15,123.37 338.05 0887 06/27/55 08/31/81 15.0000 15.0000 14,460.40 1,832.93 2129 05/09/57 08/07/78 11.0000 10.0000 15,560.76 1,681.06 3922 07/31/58 11/14/94 2.0000 2.0000 9,498.25 208.97 1800 06/09/60 02/11/85 12.0000 12.0000 15,989.24 1,752.44 2071 11/26/57 04/15/75 21.7111 21.7500 15,495.35 2,482.36 9174 03/16/58 09/03/86 10.0000 10.0000 13,485.68 1,369.08 9640 09/07/54 02/17/86 11.0000 10.0000 12,757.75 1,306.09 0925 01/21/68 12/19/88 8.0000 8.0000 16,300.81 997.08 1837 11/27/71 07/17/89 6.0000 6.0000 12,533.54 531.60 3596 02/22/62 05/08/79 14.0000 14.0000 17,525.99 1,751.49 8906 02/24/64 09/27/89 5.0000 5.0000 16,948.04 807.90 1712 01/05/61 05/27/87 10.0000 10.0000 25,765.72 2,338.31 3798 09/27/59 02/20/89 8.0000 8.0000 21,965.98 1,694.39 3950 09/25/62 03/24/80 17.0000 17.0000 19,776.15 2,119.93 0341 09/02/59 05/29/78 19.0000 19.0000 16,529.37 2,243.68 4459 07/19/62 04/30/86 11.0000 10.0000 15,988.86 1,422.89 

E-15 LAST FOUR DIGITS OF SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER DATE OF BIRTH DATE OF HIRE 12/31/96 VESTING SERVICE 12/31/96 CREDITED SERVICE 12/31/96 FINAL AVERAGE EARNINGS ACCRUED BENEFIT 4246 04/12/63 01/31/83 14.0000 14.0000 23,720.98 2,360.28 8422 10/01/62 09/08/80 16.0000 16.0000 27,848.48 3,299.54 8103 10/27/59 04/14/80 17.0000 17.0000 16,377.21 2,037.56 4537 03/27/66 03/20/89 8.0000 8.0000 24,316.18 1,539.76 6638 02/23/63 01/10/93 4.0000 4.0000 18,694.50 795.88 7171 01/23/67 06/06/88 9.0000 9.0000 16,149.16 1,141.04 7039 11/29/63 07/25/84 12.0000 12.0000 14,387.24 1,291.55 4558 09/30/68 08/01/88 8.0000 8.0000 14,707.70 845.58 8827 02/16/66 07/07/86 10.0000 10.0000 16,412.91 1,267.20 4074 02/26/30 11/29/93 3.0000 3.0000 9,213.23 276.40 0215 09/22/70 08/24/94 2.0000 2.0000 16,488.44 299.60 5727 12/30/66 04/06/92 5.0000 5.0000 11,362.39 529.22 9980 12/13/71 11/17/94 2.0000 2.0000 9,809.21 174.00 0445 12/25/36 05/27/57 39.5944 33.2500 18,255.07 5,194.86 1828 08/19/37 08/01/60 11.0000 10.0000 28,228.87 2,751.38 8940 02/26/59 10/05/87 9.0000 9.0000 19,748.82 1,684.44 1316 04/13/71 05/31/94 2.0000 2.0000 13,024.70 236.67 1642 10/25/70 02/20/95 2.0000 2.0000 11,182.45 203.19 3610 11/01/38 08/29/77 16.0000 3.0000 114,564.65 5,163.39 5596 10/23/37 03/19/65 31.7833 31.7500 16,218.80 4,935.42 7040 10/30/37 04/17/67 29.7055 29.6666 17,918.97 4,623.37 0293 12/18/38 06/16/80 17.0000 17.0000 17,783.36 2,876.73 0797 07/18/42 02/25/63 33.8500 33.2500 29,824.59 7,177.70 1672 10/04/42 08/21/78 18.0000 18.0000 55,595.90 11,629.52 2345 10/09/42 03/04/63 33.8250 33.2500 14,654.98 3,699.94 3357 08/26/45 08/18/69 27.3694 27.3333 28,587.42 6,173.59 3458 05/31/66 01/03/95 2.0000 2.0000 20,037.92 414.71 5502 12/18/68 10/14/92 4.0000 4.0000 13,995.52 477.07 1803 04/21/44 05/26/80 17.0000 17.0000 24,164.31 4,010.91 1954 04/05/45 10/29/81 11.0000 10.0000 14,515.37 1,416.86 7275 03/24/47 06/11/73 23.5555 23.5833 21,149.48 4,337.36 6305 06/27/49 07/09/79 17.0000 17.0000 16,283.52 2,535.14 7039 05/07/47 05/27/86 11.0000 11.0000 17,301.49 1,922.34 9181 08/19/48 07/19/67 11.0000 10.0000 23,884.52 2,155.49 0314 05/25/49 08/29/75 19.3388 19.3333 21,796.79 3,648.60 0613 04/18/48 07/11/67 29.4722 29.5000 15,703.79 3,735.35 2198 12/02/47 01/03/89 8.0000 8.0000 28,281.21 2,232.08 6776 12/13/47 05/05/95 2.0000 2.0000 13,919.97 292.32 7036 12/18/49 03/25/91 6.0000 6.0000 15,651.60 993.77 7668 01/15/50 06/18/90 7.0000 7.0000 19,729.27 1,384.63 8146 09/15/48 02/17/92 5.0000 5.0000 15,971.92 811.15 9524 10/05/48 02/09/81 16.0000 16.0000 11,765.64 2,317.95 3633 11/27/66 01/21/86 11.0000 11.0000 16,102.17 1,317.96 3970 11/04/60 07/05/83 13.0000 13.0000 18,249.81 1,919.81 4009 04/08/51 07/10/95 1.0000 1.0000 16,325.05 171.41 4983 08/28/49 08/08/94 2.0000 2.0000 14,821.70 311.26 0629 07/16/51 03/12/92 5.0000 5.0000 84,574.35 5,389.71 3127 09/24/51 12/06/76 11.0000 10.0000 25,476.96 2,249.58 0999 02/16/53 08/24/92 4.0000 4.0000 18,264.97 764.88 3482 01/25/51 04/17/89 4.0000 4.0000 15,703.39 645.71 0678 07/28/54 10/30/89 7.0000 7.0000 31,375.84 2,183.41 0786 04/11/53 11/24/75 21.1027 21.0833 56,744.13 9,823.48 1451 11/25/52 04/16/73 23.7083 23.6666 26,475.15 4,781.38 1855 03/27/53 02/12/73 19.8861 19.9166 26,133.32 4,515.83 2399 03/11/67 04/23/90 7.0000 7.0000 25,873.14 1,506.92 8859 11/11/54 03/17/93 4.0000 4.0000 13,640.54 602.84 9110 11/06/55 09/05/79 11.0000 10.0000 18,655.73 1,931.02 1846 10/25/62 07/17/89 7.0000 7.0000 16,304.44 1,056.44 9225 02/02/16 06/02/69 11.0000 9.0000 12,862.17 1,454.74 4682 10/26/60 07/18/84 12.0000 12.0000 26,386.97 2,789.33 6628 12/14/64 10/30/95 1.0000 1.0000 16,683.56 183.51 5755 09/27/72 03/02/92 2.0000 2.0000 20,292.71 309.99 E-16 LAST FOUR DIGITS OF SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER DATE OF BIRTH DATE OF HIRE 12/31/96 VESTING SERVICE 12/31/96 CREDITED SERVICE 12/31/96 FINAL AVERAGE EARNINGS ACCRUED BENEFIT 7340 05/23/59 01/30/80 17.0000 17.0000 17,247.14 2,398.43 0428 05/03/58 04/28/80 17.0000 17.0000 15,002.86 2,207.86 3768 07/22/65 03/03/86 11.0000 11.0000 15,752.47 1,477.08 9330 05/14/60 01/16/78 19.0000 19.0000 21,412.31 3,057.50 1619 07/21/59 10/14/86 10.0000 10.0000 12,812.67 1,192.13 0758 12/03/73 02/22/93 4.0000 4.0000 21,568.41 698.66 1690 09/01/61 11/10/87 9.0000 6.0000 30,376.58 1,881.43 4726 09/13/71 01/01/92 4.0000 4.0000 15,205.31 560.39 5711 10/31/71 03/06/89 8.0000 8.0000 17,464.48 1,040.80 6098 05/11/68 10/31/94 2.0000 2.0000 22,388.29 438.91 7784 04/20/66 02/06/89 8.0000 8.0000 13,244.26 970.50 8380 01/04/60 05/06/85 12.0000 10.0000 17,334.00 1,845.12 5313 12/05/20 07/13/59 13.0000 9.0000 10,067.55 855.60 4939 09/17/63 06/04/81 16.0000 16.0000 27,446.04 3,213.45 0240 12/03/63 03/12/90 7.0000 7.0000 12,766.22 850.98 0364 02/09/66 08/01/88 8.0000 8.0000 20,434.73 1,491.78 2879 08/05/60 09/24/76 18.0000 18.0000 26,194.47 3,346.38 8185 09/03/70 03/18/94 2.0000 2.0000 16,003.23 307.35 0562 07/05/65 06/01/85 12.0000 12.0000 29,486.28 2,616.54 6571 01/21/68 11/28/94 2.0000 2.0000 16,754.63 328.47 6666 02/02/64 10/24/88 8.0000 8.0000 19,515.25 1,254.79 6970 07/26/64 06/05/86 11.0000 11.0000 25,923.50 2,063.82 8240 09/25/66 10/26/92 4.0000 4.0000 13,531.58 522.60 2660 12/31/63 05/03/83 14.0000 14.0000 14,740.54 1,557.26 7761 11/10/63 05/09/86 11.0000 11.0000 13,686.69 1,237.40 5759 10/13/63 06/08/81 16.0000 16.0000 16,174.81 1,863.50 7021 06/30/65 02/24/93 4.0000 4.0000 9,741.13 381.94 9734 11/28/64 06/06/83 14.0000 14.0000 24,220.11 2,365.66 9754 07/20/75 12/13/95 1.0000 1.0000 8,337.93 69.01 9948 05/28/63 07/06/81 15.0000 15.0000 16,295.38 1,994.59 1390 12/02/65 12/01/94 2.0000 2.0000 45,860.42 949.13 6526 07/08/68 09/13/89 7.0000 7.0000 21,877.77 1,147.93 6941 06/21/69 01/11/87 8.0000 8.0000 14,077.32 890.35 1517 04/28/31 11/18/68 11.0000 10.0000 19,847.11 1,872.34 1281 05/19/67 10/21/85 10.0000 3.0000 14,766.20 434.26 8586 03/02/75 10/11/93 3.0000 3.0000 10,702.58 260.01 0296 07/12/69 11/15/94 2.0000 2.0000 12,728.34 237.07 8304 01/03/67 10/24/90 6.0000 6.0000 16,392.95 917.54 2993 11/26/73 08/11/94 2.0000 2.0000 15,087.30 255.43 5877 05/03/68 04/06/87 9.0000 3.0000 18,478.19 529.45 7651 01/15/69 01/22/91 6.0000 6.0000 21,010.83 975.09 8368 07/20/70 08/05/87 9.0000 9.0000 22,754.24 1,376.80 8761 08/06/68 06/09/95 2.0000 2.0000 15,759.38 301.03 9875 08/09/69 05/08/95 2.0000 2.0000 17,609.89 327.98 3835 11/25/32 03/10/69 11.0000 10.0000 19,979.05 1,850.72 4557 09/23/35 12/09/63 11.0000 10.0000 15,888.94 1,506.76 1034 05/15/75 07/12/95 1.0000 1.0000 16,864.98 142.79 2266 08/31/69 01/01/94 1.0000 1.0000 11,506.77 109.90 9902 03/31/35 03/27/79 18.0000 18.0000 17,221.00 2,886.29 1981 12/04/75 08/01/94 2.0000 2.0000 21,961.93 355.70 8133 07/13/37 03/27/57 39.7611 33.2500 14,772.52 4,247.40 2547 09/17/75 05/02/94 2.0000 2.0000 14,951.73 363.77 0220 01/02/38 06/19/89 8.0000 8.0000 28,902.38 2,301.64 0241 03/15/39 03/23/76 11.0000 11.0000 11,896.19 1,615.44 2785 11/13/38 12/15/86 10.0000 10.0000 17,010.79 1,677.81 3186 02/10/41 11/01/80 16.0000 16.0000 76,339.65 16,312.25 4856 09/28/44 07/31/89 7.0000 7.0000 16,488.01 1,154.40 7145 10/26/43 06/13/88 9.0000 9.0000 20,957.66 2,195.47 5750 01/11/67 05/07/91 6.0000 6.0000 21,392.12 1,114.95 5947 11/30/74 04/06/93 4.0000 4.0000 17,633.80 559.05 1202 05/02/43 06/03/87 10.0000 10.0000 16,792.56 1,744.20 1393 05/28/45 02/18/75 21.8694 21.8333 19,330.47 4,325.85 

E-17 LAST FOUR DIGITS OF SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER DATE OF BIRTH DATE OF HIRE 12/31/96 VESTING SERVICE 12/31/96 CREDITED SERVICE 12/31/96 FINAL AVERAGE EARNINGS ACCRUED BENEFIT 1539 01/04/44 10/15/73 23.2111 23.2500 16,767.96 3,387.40 5833 02/17/46 01/02/79 11.0000 10.0000 38,291.31 3,625.28 6038 04/10/47 04/27/83 13.0000 13.0000 13,341.85 1,738.22 6199 05/28/45 11/06/64 13.0000 10.0000 29,067.70 2,933.06 6677 01/15/45 08/25/86 10.0000 10.0000 14,006.45 1,358.57 9904 02/10/68 02/10/93 4.0000 4.0000 17,333.89 645.69 6378 07/31/51 01/03/84 13.0000 13.0000 45,093.04 5,661.60 9916 09/09/57 01/01/85 8.0000 8.0000 15,211.32 1,303.70 4653 04/09/50 04/24/95 2.0000 2.0000 19,531.96 410.17 6512 01/03/48 12/02/91 4.0000 4.0000 15,944.88 741.02 4516 11/01/75 06/07/95 1.0000 1.0000 19,232.74 159.19 5162 09/30/46 04/28/83 14.0000 14.0000 29,114.26 4,326.63 5754 05/10/47 03/06/76 21.0000 21.0000 22,809.27 3,991.60 5902 05/19/48 06/27/88 8.0000 8.0000 14,768.66 1,135.43 6025 03/16/46 01/29/86 11.0000 11.0000 20,344.61 2,246.74 9549 01/31/49 05/24/94 3.0000 3.0000 29,512.59 929.65 6251 05/05/47 08/28/80 16.0000 7.0000 33,977.71 2,377.65 9340 02/06/41 09/10/69 26.3083 26.3333 16,146.93 3,933.21 1485 11/30/49 01/09/95 2.0000 2.0000 32,556.00 683.68 0028 01/19/51 05/05/80 17.0000 17.0000 17,876.55 2,877.06 1064 12/18/50 04/03/89 8.0000 8.0000 18,207.76 1,434.04 1593 10/21/50 10/01/73 23.2500 23.2500 26,563.80 4,903.16 1945 03/11/50 09/08/70 26.3138 26.3333 17,941.43 3,575.32 2214 08/18/45 03/12/69 27.8027 27.8333 16,432.84 3,571.59 2259 02/04/52 12/09/91 5.0000 5.0000 15,225.55 756.38 1615 08/27/52 05/08/75 21.6472 21.6666 24,203.79 3,698.42 2555 03/13/50 06/25/84 10.0000 10.0000 16,022.33 1,655.34 2717 02/20/52 03/02/92 5.0000 5.0000 15,467.67 783.68 2883 09/17/55 04/15/77 20.0000 20.0000 16,820.70 2,428.42 3027 12/21/51 10/05/94 1.0000 1.0000 13,758.37 144.47 3121 01/28/51 01/16/89 7.0000 7.0000 15,829.42 1,178.84 3387 09/12/51 05/07/79 16.0000 16.0000 15,505.76 2,340.52 3883 10/11/52 06/13/85 12.0000 12.0000 39,992.55 4,446.08 4367 06/11/51 01/05/83 13.0000 10.0000 21,065.10 2,099.39 4634 04/13/51 04/30/78 19.0000 19.0000 16,376.48 3,010.91 4644 08/20/51 04/09/75 21.7277 21.7500 23,187.42 3,944.17 4780 07/10/53 07/10/73 23.4750 23.5000 42,856.06 7,002.95 5512 09/19/52 10/01/79 17.0000 17.0000 17,036.00 2,372.06 1042 01/20/52 08/25/81 13.0000 10.0000 21,624.51 2,253.22 2222 11/08/53 02/12/90 7.0000 7.0000 15,419.84 1,119.16 5712 04/21/56 09/04/91 5.0000 5.0000 16,520.99 893.70 5936 10/31/56 03/09/88 9.0000 9.0000 15,550.27 1,511.79 7638 01/26/56 05/08/78 19.0000 19.0000 16,704.90 2,602.29 7647 09/12/52 03/22/93 4.0000 4.0000 15,755.88 661.75 7913 10/27/54 09/10/79 18.0000 18.0000 19,171.48 2,864.64 8247 10/16/51 05/02/83 14.0000 14.0000 12,997.48 1,701.45 8750 12/06/53 03/16/87 10.0000 10.0000 28,041.81 2,881.87 8856 09/16/54 11/05/80 16.0000 16.0000 28,382.55 3,757.78 9238 01/11/56 07/26/93 3.0000 3.0000 20,942.47 691.09 9476 04/02/54 08/11/75 17.3888 17.4166 12,492.31 2,210.15 9657 10/29/54 07/27/87 9.0000 9.0000 23,955.37 1,989.63 9813 04/09/54 08/27/81 15.0000 15.0000 25,822.90 3,668.69 9814 05/23/55 10/07/83 13.0000 13.0000 16,457.11 2,106.31 3973 10/08/54 02/07/94 3.0000 3.0000 15,515.53 488.72 6032 09/18/58 04/14/86 11.0000 11.0000 13,930.41 1,497.28 6389 04/13/57 11/18/92 4.0000 4.0000 15,570.65 662.89 9327 05/04/62 01/01/85 8.0000 8.0000 24,568.23 1,750.07 8669 05/16/59 05/14/79 18.0000 18.0000 34,798.04 4,522.75 3312 11/24/58 08/12/93 3.0000 3.0000 20,462.30 675.26 7738 09/13/67 06/05/95 1.0000 1.0000 15,343.64 154.49 9419 10/23/71 11/02/95 1.0000 1.0000 15,561.87 141.38 1189 03/12/64 05/07/90 7.0000 7.0000 14,597.67 965.80 E-18 LAST FOUR DIGITS OF SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER DATE OF BIRTH DATE OF HIRE 12/31/96 VESTING SERVICE 12/31/96 CREDITED SERVICE 12/31/96 FINAL AVERAGE EARNINGS ACCRUED BENEFIT 5105 02/27/59 11/27/95 1.0000 1.0000 15,813.07 173.92 7830 02/05/65 02/13/84 13.0000 13.0000 14,213.39 1,435.02 0772 09/13/59 05/25/81 16.0000 16.0000 12,814.76 1,548.19 5157 07/08/70 02/27/95 2.0000 2.0000 14,159.21 257.28 1901 04/04/60 06/01/91 6.0000 6.0000 16,526.27 1,084.68 2451 09/06/70 11/06/95 1.0000 1.0000 17,899.79 166.69 2555 06/23/67 09/06/95 1.0000 1.0000 22,413.05 225.67 6416 01/19/62 10/21/81 15.0000 15.0000 16,311.60 1,882.15 8583 05/07/62 03/30/81 16.0000 16.0000 14,426.96 1,754.96 0965 02/02/68 11/13/95 1.0000 1.0000 18,664.08 187.92 2849 01/24/62 01/27/86 11.0000 11.0000 16,827.29 1,633.64 3299 01/24/64 08/22/83 13.0000 13.0000 16,113.16 1,595.67 4153 07/07/67 08/13/90 6.0000 6.0000 21,188.64 1,001.72 1120 07/10/65 03/10/86 11.0000 11.0000 20,061.63 1,591.39 3227 12/28/66 05/20/86 10.0000 10.0000 16,737.05 1,313.57 1502 06/03/62 05/11/86 10.0000 10.0000 13,845.58 1,218.54 1901 05/31/72 08/21/89 7.0000 7.0000 13,601.89 665.34 4594 01/19/65 05/25/81 16.0000 16.0000 23,183.00 2,434.64 4643 10/12/71 11/02/87 9.0000 9.0000 22,944.07 1,413.20 5892 06/24/72 04/06/92 4.0000 4.0000 10,807.96 404.42 3647 03/05/64 08/29/94 2.0000 2.0000 18,054.04 397.16 4046 08/07/64 08/22/83 13.0000 13.0000 22,093.72 2,077.18 4211 12/06/67 08/29/94 2.0000 2.0000 14,458.56 283.46 7528 10/02/67 03/23/92 5.0000 5.0000 11,918.47 541.05 3782 10/16/65 03/06/89 8.0000 8.0000 24,238.32 1,828.54 4654 07/14/68 10/17/88 8.0000 8.0000 11,570.77 680.05 0162 11/11/63 02/10/86 11.0000 11.0000 31,784.25 2,764.64 7022 12/31/69 05/20/91 6.0000 6.0000 18,214.20 1,035.59 7044 08/18/66 03/10/95 2.0000 2.0000 16,974.67 341.76 8852 01/17/33 04/18/89 8.0000 8.0000 15,499.81 1,167.23 9561 04/23/35 08/29/66 11.0000 10.0000 15,017.42 1,435.94 9645 11/17/32 02/22/78 13.0000 10.0000 21,708.05 2,076.10 6952 07/07/73 02/16/95 2.0000 2.0000 15,482.83 262.13 9417 10/25/70 10/23/87 9.0000 9.0000 14,984.52 994.65 2335 06/19/34 11/22/93 3.0000 3.0000 25,524.78 765.74 7593 03/31/71 09/16/91 5.0000 5.0000 23,367.99 883.84 1213 09/21/36 07/08/63 33.4805 33.2500 18,044.96 5,153.64 1486 12/04/35 05/27/59 37.5944 33.2500 14,686.12 4,191.84 1848 12/30/36 04/10/61 35.7250 33.2500 16,643.25 4,632.55 2694 05/09/35 01/13/87 10.0000 10.0000 16,616.56 1,673.76 6942 09/27/37 10/13/55 41.2166 41.2500 36,663.46 10,635.71 7356 10/20/37 02/28/77 10.0000 9.0000 15,139.98 1,227.50 4039 05/14/38 02/11/57 39.8888 39.9166 19,696.18 5,763.32 4516 05/10/40 06/25/58 38.5166 38.5000 49,268.97 15,617.57 4649 10/13/37 03/28/77 20.0000 20.0000 36,488.53 7,162.18 6439 01/13/38 03/17/80 17.0000 17.0000 17,596.68 3,045.27 1353 05/08/73 06/02/92 5.0000 5.0000 17,210.78 690.87 8532 03/03/72 06/12/95 2.0000 2.0000 21,608.56 383.30 4569 04/20/39 06/19/72 24.5333 24.5000 25,828.73 5,820.71 2400 05/05/63 08/28/89 7.0000 7.0000 20,921.19 1,330.45 2754 04/30/65 08/12/91 5.0000 5.0000 19,485.60 910.63 0395 09/01/40 02/09/76 21.0000 21.0000 20,264.87 4,051.67 1727 03/01/41 11/07/66 30.1500 30.1666 15,866.54 4,383.16 1788 02/14/44 11/18/91 5.0000 5.0000 15,216.76 798.74 1907 09/25/43 07/19/73 22.4500 22.4166 18,249.08 3,837.57 2291 05/26/42 01/17/83 14.0000 14.0000 27,918.23 3,930.03 3900 06/09/40 02/06/70 26.9027 26.9166 13,671.82 3,073.78 7379 02/16/45 06/08/88 9.0000 9.0000 24,782.51 2,311.19 8200 07/14/44 05/17/76 20.0000 20.0000 20,019.99 3,866.59 2587 01/11/43 02/23/88 9.0000 1.0000 86,198.10 1,473.41 5067 02/24/46 05/23/79 17.0000 17.0000 19,664.98 3,328.99 5351 07/13/43 07/29/75 21.4222 21.4166 31,830.04 6,549.28 

E-19 LAST FOUR DIGITS OF SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER DATE OF BIRTH DATE OF HIRE 12/31/96 VESTING SERVICE 12/31/96 CREDITED SERVICE 12/31/96 FINAL AVERAGE EARNINGS ACCRUED BENEFIT 5550 07/10/44 09/05/95 1.0000 1.0000 17,345.99 182.14 7003 02/14/44 04/27/62 34.6777 33.2500 19,882.95 5,067.74 7085 09/15/42 09/14/64 32.2972 32.3333 13,957.50 3,566.56 6391 02/27/60 12/09/91 5.0000 5.0000 18,858.05 979.23 6830 07/03/73 10/05/94 2.0000 2.0000 22,293.66 377.43 0543 06/11/46 03/20/89 8.0000 8.0000 24,368.80 1,867.18 0569 05/05/45 07/22/74 17.4416 17.4166 14,511.20 2,906.82 0584 04/27/47 10/18/94 2.0000 2.0000 12,016.78 252.36 0673 12/24/48 10/17/85 11.0000 10.0000 14,445.40 1,587.05 1176 09/09/46 08/04/64 32.4083 32.4166 31,437.10 7,255.33 1180 11/23/46 10/23/75 11.0000 10.0000 17,975.84 1,783.03 4855 12/05/46 04/25/73 13.0000 10.0000 20,060.29 2,327.19 8011 10/06/49 05/02/94 3.0000 3.0000 15,586.39 490.98 5792 09/09/47 09/13/76 17.0000 17.0000 126,210.00 32,588.57 8881 06/20/47 04/27/87 10.0000 10.0000 11,615.41 1,238.88 9043 01/30/47 02/01/82 15.0000 15.0000 21,813.25 3,442.14 9540 04/16/46 02/18/74 22.8694 22.8333 49,287.91 10,409.88 9710 05/07/47 01/22/79 11.0000 10.0000 16,971.78 1,813.51 5185 06/23/49 07/23/89 7.0000 7.0000 32,868.99 2,261.43 5570 02/18/50 02/27/95 2.0000 2.0000 21,171.45 444.60 5574 10/12/48 08/29/94 2.0000 2.0000 14,500.26 304.50 2641 11/01/51 03/30/81 11.0000 10.0000 23,919.22 2,281.73 2693 06/11/51 02/21/91 6.0000 6.0000 14,841.52 962.96 3891 05/08/56 07/29/91 5.0000 5.0000 14,955.45 788.48 8771 03/24/56 08/20/75 21.3638 21.3333 21,742.01 3,692.68 2560 10/12/59 03/30/94 3.0000 3.0000 15,443.49 509.61 2781 04/07/64 01/09/89 8.0000 3.0000 53,116.48 1,695.85 3911 11/01/71 09/24/90 6.0000 6.0000 20,542.35 857.31 4437 07/06/56 05/29/89 8.0000 8.0000 36,924.58 2,806.56 4550 04/15/61 06/03/85 10.0000 10.0000 18,664.36 1,706.50 0238 10/14/57 10/03/88 8.0000 8.0000 13,840.52 1,134.73 0529 01/17/58 03/10/80 17.0000 17.0000 26,199.66 3,107.41 0809 12/21/60 02/26/85 11.0000 10.0000 31,021.85 2,921.63 1384 03/08/58 05/19/80 16.0000 16.0000 31,346.92 3,688.15 1421 03/21/57 01/25/80 17.0000 17.0000 12,567.05 1,928.36 2669 08/10/70 11/06/89 7.0000 7.0000 15,457.22 926.57 8705 06/16/59 09/23/91 4.0000 4.0000 23,493.24 1,133.44 0925 06/19/58 03/27/95 2.0000 2.0000 19,251.95 423.57 3675 09/30/59 08/09/93 3.0000 3.0000 19,799.23 653.35 3810 09/28/60 05/28/79 18.0000 18.0000 26,310.98 3,396.61 4017 08/04/60 08/11/86 10.0000 10.0000 21,489.04 1,910.20 6960 01/25/60 05/09/92 5.0000 5.0000 31,477.68 1,625.29 3767 02/05/62 07/03/89 2.0000 2.0000 9,422.02 166.97 3854 11/25/61 05/19/80 17.0000 17.0000 30,363.95 3,817.81 9984 01/20/59 08/03/92 3.0000 3.0000 14,062.13 534.56 0577 05/22/65 05/14/86 11.0000 11.0000 21,819.63 1,707.03 1952 02/15/57 08/11/75 11.0000 10.0000 22,601.91 2,179.94 3851 08/06/61 05/27/85 10.0000 10.0000 15,779.81 1,365.13 4431 07/02/59 09/02/86 10.0000 10.0000 22,511.86 1,942.26 3265 09/29/67 11/02/88 4.0000 4.0000 15,642.60 582.69 8381 07/26/64 06/22/81 15.0000 15.0000 16,823.81 1,968.28 9601 08/19/62 11/02/81 15.0000 4.0000 42,188.79 1,796.10 4765 10/02/64 01/29/90 7.0000 7.0000 13,589.64 876.28 2830 05/30/70 07/10/90 6.0000 6.0000 15,512.55 719.43 4220 12/16/73 01/09/90 7.0000 7.0000 13,837.80 696.88 1625 04/05/29 06/19/73 11.0000 10.0000 12,683.92 1,317.57 1718 08/28/32 10/01/85 11.0000 11.0000 68,166.55 10,710.45 2507 03/31/72 02/13/95 2.0000 2.0000 17,014.49 301.81 8919 11/09/71 08/07/90 6.0000 6.0000 18,025.69 790.58 9223 07/23/70 03/07/94 2.0000 2.0000 5,166.44 288.47 9352 07/23/70 02/07/95 2.0000 2.0000 17,766.93 322.83 4332 01/08/24 02/20/95 2.0000 2.0000 13,113.59 262.27 E-20 LAST FOUR DIGITS OF SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER DATE OF BIRTH DATE OF HIRE 12/31/96 VESTING SERVICE 12/31/96 CREDITED SERVICE 12/31/96 FINAL AVERAGE EARNINGS ACCRUED BENEFIT 1041 04/20/69 03/21/88 9.0000 9.0000 22,911.92 1,437.93 5817 01/17/35 11/11/68 28.1388 28.1666 21,033.96 5,183.97 3741 05/12/70 01/01/94 1.0000 1.0000 15,394.16 147.03 4143 06/30/33 08/16/66 11.0000 10.0000 15,064.46 1,413.19 1916 04/23/57 01/24/94 3.0000 3.0000 21,826.74 720.26 1351 12/23/36 05/04/92 5.0000 5.0000 32,969.25 1,623.85 7748 06/10/42 02/20/95 2.0000 2.0000 12,386.25 260.12 8322 08/30/73 08/16/93 3.0000 3.0000 14,985.82 372.17 1576 10/03/36 01/09/95 2.0000 2.0000 9,245.80 184.91 3147 07/07/35 05/03/78 19.0000 19.0000 20,904.15 4,454.91 3171 07/03/35 01/11/66 30.9722 31.0000 25,900.15 6,882.00 3483 08/21/36 12/02/85 11.0000 11.0000 30,367.79 3,388.21 2001 05/09/37 03/21/88 9.0000 9.0000 17,080.36 1,345.08 0981 12/12/71 05/23/95 1.0000 1.0000 14,761.25 134.11 4650 02/26/73 07/03/91 4.0000 4.0000 11,078.30 366.82 0640 02/06/40 09/15/71 25.2944 25.3333 18,624.81 4,765.83 2179 08/20/61 04/15/94 3.0000 3.0000 14,476.42 477.73 6928 09/28/60 10/30/89 6.0000 6.0000 14,056.86 903.21 4374 12/07/40 07/11/67 29.4722 29.5000 18,905.43 4,839.51 4444 01/16/36 03/25/74 22.7666 22.7500 16,003.97 3,251.36 5052 05/26/33 05/04/81 16.0000 16.0000 18,453.38 2,751.80 0646 08/04/41 08/08/78 18.0000 18.0000 23,535.50 4,583.15 1005 02/28/41 09/26/90 6.0000 6.0000 17,227.19 997.98 1078 06/14/41 07/12/60 36.4694 33.2500 16,495.37 4,072.67 3320 02/03/40 09/22/69 27.2750 27.2500 18,711.85 5,080.89 3556 06/08/41 02/15/82 15.0000 15.0000 16,835.69 2,383.97 3848 01/09/46 11/13/89 6.0000 6.0000 15,112.92 1,045.78 6841 05/26/44 09/29/69 3.0000 3.0000 12,800.66 1,221.75 9468 01/13/44 09/03/63 11.0000 10.0000 52,645.58 5,748.87 9503 02/23/42 02/20/78 19.0000 19.0000 14,456.30 2,844.22 4796 12/02/72 02/27/95 2.0000 2.0000 21,982.06 380.84 8041 09/29/68 03/02/92 5.0000 5.0000 24,368.30 1,063.88 8044 09/14/72 02/27/95 2.0000 2.0000 17,401.16 301.47 8054 01/08/67 03/02/92 5.0000 5.0000 22,433.20 1,044.37 8029 06/23/51 04/24/73 23.6861 23.6666 49,698.77 9,371.03 8365 02/07/47 01/08/73 23.9805 4.0000 77,774.11 3,947.71 0660 02/04/49 12/27/82 14.0000 14.0000 51,542.78 7,223.85 2576 11/04/69 12/13/94 2.0000 2.0000 16,186.61 301.48 7601 01/13/49 03/17/76 21.0000 21.0000 36,880.16 6,902.54 9800 08/16/45 02/09/77 11.0000 10.0000 13,527.02 1,351.48 0492 01/11/50 08/22/88 8.0000 8.0000 15,677.29 1,330.78 0533 01/15/48 09/04/78 19.0000 19.0000 11,739.76 2,196.24 0740 09/10/49 04/01/80 16.0000 16.0000 15,502.86 2,568.11 0741 04/08/51 01/14/80 17.0000 17.0000 21,813.21 3,090.19 2293 09/22/48 07/31/73 23.4166 23.4166 26,210.18 5,452.96 0185 07/04/55 03/01/76 13.0000 10.0000 23,940.25 2,529.93 2204 12/18/50 04/19/93 3.0000 3.0000 11,138.79 350.86 7994 03/31/69 09/07/93 3.0000 3.0000 15,150.56 423.27 7276 06/01/49 04/28/91 6.0000 6.0000 17,232.13 1,059.01 4856 03/01/55 05/27/74 22.5944 22.5833 15,887.45 2,728.20 7550 08/21/53 08/29/72 24.3388 24.3333 24,004.16 3,858.07 8392 04/22/56 11/14/89 7.0000 7.0000 39,792.35 2,815.08 9850 09/14/54 04/24/91 6.0000 6.0000 16,896.99 1,050.05 9940 08/07/54 09/13/82 7.0000 7.0000 23,452.74 1,521.80 9995 02/10/55 07/17/78 16.0000 16.0000 15,584.36 2,123.08 0026 02/14/55 08/14/79 17.0000 17.0000 19,146.04 2,849.98 0434 01/22/55 08/17/94 2.0000 2.0000 17,771.26 390.97 1558 01/20/58 11/18/91 3.0000 3.0000 12,076.23 498.47 1570 09/18/55 08/29/79 17.0000 17.0000 26,968.56 4,084.54 6188 12/19/56 08/18/86 11.0000 9.0000 44,971.67 4,018.12 1907 09/05/65 02/18/85 12.0000 12.0000 37,064.21 2,941.89 1910 07/30/58 05/16/94 3.0000 3.0000 17,929.16 591.66 

E-21 LAST FOUR DIGITS OF SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER DATE OF BIRTH DATE OF HIRE 12/31/96 VESTING SERVICE 12/31/96 CREDITED SERVICE 12/31/96 FINAL AVERAGE EARNINGS ACCRUED BENEFIT 2096 03/31/62 06/28/95 1.0000 1.0000 16,253.07 178.79 9200 07/15/60 09/26/86 10.0000 10.0000 26,030.05 2,508.07 9453 11/21/56 10/11/93 3.0000 3.0000 42,117.77 1,389.85 4663 10/06/57 03/16/87 10.0000 10.0000 14,006.45 1,479.21 6205 11/30/22 06/02/69 11.0000 9.0000 12,571.63 1,120.68 0199 05/27/60 02/27/84 13.0000 13.0000 30,896.65 3,443.68 0882 09/03/70 08/29/94 2.0000 2.0000 21,016.96 381.89 0915 10/07/59 01/09/84 13.0000 13.0000 14,411.36 1,669.37 3946 01/24/65 05/21/86 11.0000 11.0000 18,349.44 1,563.10 6524 03/29/61 07/28/80 16.0000 16.0000 17,389.23 2,100.20 7010 08/11/65 02/04/91 6.0000 6.0000 21,132.81 1,049.16 4249 11/12/74 11/20/95 1.0000 1.0000 14,908.99 126.23 6652 12/14/63 11/07/94 2.0000 2.0000 17,830.67 392.25 9472 03/18/75 10/18/94 2.0000 2.0000 12,570.02 208.08 2455 06/25/69 04/19/89 8.0000 8.0000 21,572.64 1,157.62 3454 05/25/68 04/06/92 5.0000 5.0000 16,853.03 733.26 5339 10/26/63 03/20/89 8.0000 8.0000 18,001.34 1,233.45 0265 04/30/65 06/13/83 14.0000 14.0000 16,705.16 1,605.66 7967 07/06/64 06/30/86 11.0000 11.0000 23,545.29 1,907.26 1147 10/03/72 12/14/92 4.0000 4.0000 22,827.24 707.95 1352 06/15/68 02/24/88 9.0000 9.0000 15,969.62 1,116.64 5577 08/02/66 08/15/94 2.0000 2.0000 33,810.61 680.73 1029 10/16/73 03/27/95 2.0000 2.0000 19,665.86 332.95 9918 01/29/70 08/29/89 5.0000 5.0000 12,196.24 617.34 1855 06/25/35 04/08/57 39.7305 33.2500 24,074.39 6,446.78 3428 06/01/35 01/12/66 30.9694 31.0000 12,621.71 3,519.15 0459 10/06/35 01/29/57 39.9222 39.9166 29,990.60 8,359.24 4237 10/11/71 04/06/92 5.0000 5.0000 14,752.75 609.76 4423 10/06/73 01/28/92 5.0000 5.0000 18,621.59 709.38 6677 04/28/60 04/16/93 4.0000 4.0000 20,320.51 894.10 6052 11/18/41 12/07/71 25.0666 25.0833 15,041.70 3,679.41 8606 10/10/69 01/22/93 3.0000 3.0000 23,236.82 633.34 6387 06/29/38 12/16/68 11.0000 10.0000 50,457.21 5,992.54 6903 05/19/53 10/05/94 2.0000 2.0000 16,517.31 346.88 6760 07/03/43 04/08/69 11.0000 10.0000 18,497.23 1,932.22 6806 04/01/36 07/25/82 11.0000 10.0000 16,493.77 1,597.98 7126 12/28/40 05/27/59 37.5944 37.5833 47,379.36 14,303.72 5012 11/02/43 08/20/73 23.3638 23.3333 13,162.45 2,863.36 5743 03/09/38 01/22/80 17.0000 17.0000 14,874.41 2,622.43 5918 08/09/43 10/10/83 13.0000 13.0000 12,077.19 1,665.01 6494 11/18/43 10/08/62 34.2305 34.2500 22,689.13 6,297.21 6872 11/30/44 07/20/81 15.0000 15.0000 16,308.60 2,240.76 6928 11/13/40 03/25/68 27.7666 27.7500 18,747.73 4,608.72 7063 05/22/42 06/13/60 36.5500 36.5833 22,197.46 5,879.21 7383 01/16/35 09/05/95 1.0000 1.0000 17,743.03 177.43 4933 12/21/68 08/30/93 3.0000 3.0000 13,396.92 374.28 1838 03/06/44 01/02/74 22.9972 23.0000 23,556.27 5,820.12 6608 03/24/45 04/12/68 28.7194 28.7500 14,829.31 3,278.14 6940 12/02/47 05/08/89 8.0000 8.0000 17,894.24 1,288.82 7502 08/02/45 05/08/95 2.0000 2.0000 19,473.51 408.94 8386 07/13/47 06/30/87 10.0000 10.0000 17,505.54 1,772.29 3858 12/31/61 04/10/95 2.0000 2.0000 21,881.56 481.39 5073 02/28/46 03/05/73 23.8222 23.8333 15,365.50 3,181.83 6276 06/22/50 03/18/75 21.7861 21.7500 16,771.03 3,037.48 5100 07/08/51 07/21/81 11.0000 10.0000 15,200.29 1,444.78 7372 10/25/51 09/18/74 11.0000 10.0000 18,327.27 1,910.31 7932 11/29/50 03/16/81 16.0000 16.0000 14,639.37 2,316.52 8341 06/15/50 03/08/71 21.8138 21.8333 24,792.60 4,238.03 5131 11/28/51 09/02/71 25.3305 25.3333 29,776.04 5,278.21 5146 05/22/51 06/11/73 13.0000 10.0000 28,871.82 2,858.35 5722 10/16/49 03/24/77 11.0000 10.0000 19,735.41 1,966.15 5788 07/27/51 01/08/68 28.9805 29.0000 20,267.60 3,976.73 E-22 LAST FOUR DIGITS OF SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER DATE OF BIRTH DATE OF HIRE 12/31/96 VESTING SERVICE 12/31/96 CREDITED SERVICE 12/31/96 FINAL AVERAGE EARNINGS ACCRUED BENEFIT 6127 01/23/53 07/22/91 5.0000 5.0000 12,835.78 673.38 7301 02/13/52 07/16/80 15.0000 15.0000 21,563.30 3,092.24 0450 01/05/50 10/14/74 13.0000 10.0000 15,433.11 1,666.66 1363 10/11/52 05/02/94 3.0000 3.0000 18,216.72 573.83 1501 05/16/53 02/22/95 2.0000 2.0000 10,165.01 213.47 1538 01/13/51 06/02/69 27.5805 27.5833 22,466.36 4,359.39 1554 06/22/53 06/28/78 11.0000 10.0000 28,165.99 3,176.93 1805 03/31/53 07/26/94 2.0000 2.0000 12,415.47 260.73 2268 11/22/49 08/15/88 8.0000 8.0000 20,012.69 1,549.27 2350 02/18/51 07/09/90 7.0000 7.0000 17,079.38 1,317.16 0254 02/25/52 06/18/79 11.0000 10.0000 29,164.04 2,822.43 0778 11/22/53 05/09/84 11.0000 10.0000 16,207.21 1,742.32 1120 03/10/59 06/23/80 17.0000 17.0000 18,197.48 2,503.83 2392 06/21/53 03/21/74 2.0000 2.0000 13,908.95 1,330.08 2630 11/29/53 04/08/76 13.0000 10.0000 14,530.43 1,551.33 4394 03/15/61 06/18/79 13.0000 13.0000 34,647.28 3,463.67 4527 03/19/56 09/23/81 11.0000 10.0000 15,307.43 1,737.36 5062 08/20/57 09/08/93 3.0000 3.0000 15,587.19 514.39 5151 09/22/56 02/24/84 13.0000 13.0000 23,235.01 2,847.40 0602 10/12/57 04/29/75 20.6722 20.6666 20,485.00 3,262.04 2066 07/16/58 05/21/84 12.0000 12.0000 16,986.90 1,933.99 2208 04/24/55 09/17/91 4.0000 4.0000 12,323.51 538.77 5031 01/14/59 07/18/77 19.0000 19.0000 22,207.76 2,951.79 8005 05/26/57 07/15/91 5.0000 5.0000 15,638.32 800.16 8541 09/02/56 08/18/75 11.0000 10.0000 22,095.74 2,220.00 1498 04/10/59 06/22/78 19.0000 19.0000 27,699.30 4,202.26 4978 04/30/63 01/17/89 8.0000 8.0000 16,591.19 1,182.16 5184 07/26/59 03/01/82 15.0000 4.0000 93,882.70 4,972.79 5388 04/08/69 02/27/89 8.0000 8.0000 13,655.37 876.80 5731 12/16/60 04/27/94 3.0000 3.0000 28,334.74 935.05 6545 08/01/47 09/09/81 15.0000 15.0000 17,074.96 2,642.55 7212 03/16/59 02/28/89 8.0000 8.0000 12,709.01 1,028.63 7586 03/26/60 05/31/94 3.0000 3.0000 17,785.76 586.90 9600 01/03/23 11/26/73 13.0000 9.0000 10,581.71 918.12 9772 01/29/71 10/18/95 1.0000 1.0000 14,560.36 135.59 2044 07/18/66 06/16/87 9.0000 3.0000 15,862.45 466.50 0211 09/30/70 11/13/89 7.0000 7.0000 15,909.31 873.54 3079 09/07/65 06/18/84 12.0000 12.0000 32,543.01 2,816.98 5135 02/18/64 04/26/93 3.0000 3.0000 14,302.65 456.64 5132 03/20/62 05/01/95 2.0000 2.0000 40,380.00 888.36 6060 09/05/75 01/10/95 2.0000 2.0000 7,701.14 124.73 5969 03/12/73 11/06/95 1.0000 1.0000 12,067.15 107.03 1722 01/25/67 04/14/95 2.0000 2.0000 21,963.88 442.21 4635 11/16/63 08/07/95 1.0000 1.0000 14,619.71 160.80 8301 09/10/67 02/14/94 3.0000 3.0000 20,340.45 582.81 0302 11/05/32 04/30/86 11.0000 10.0000 25,794.79 2,875.12 2516 01/03/72 08/03/90 6.0000 6.0000 15,623.50 793.23 9931 09/13/72 04/24/95 2.0000 2.0000 18,227.72 315.79 0140 11/28/37 06/13/77 20.0000 20.0000 17,034.80 3,154.03 0851 02/20/38 09/25/80 16.0000 16.0000 12,515.59 1,971.48 0921 12/27/39 11/15/89 7.0000 7.0000 13,356.85 900.53 1342 11/24/38 09/05/79 17.0000 17.0000 18,912.79 3,109.81 1949 11/02/41 06/11/84 12.0000 12.0000 15,558.86 1,776.26 2441 06/05/38 11/14/57 39.1305 39.1666 17,644.65 4,938.96 9523 08/18/37 07/02/73 23.4972 23.5000 19,510.12 4,260.27 1565 07/11/73 03/09/92 5.0000 5.0000 18,533.20 741.66 5139 01/16/65 06/05/89 8.0000 8.0000 18,400.92 1,308.55 9170 02/01/43 04/14/75 21.7138 21.7500 12,056.72 2,650.21 3422 12/22/43 03/23/87 10.0000 10.0000 18,213.50 1,815.30 4068 11/16/44 03/31/69 11.0000 10.0000 47,222.79 4,799.80 6168 05/19/43 06/17/87 10.0000 10.0000 18,974.17 1,978.85 3163 08/20/44 02/25/80 17.0000 17.0000 17,602.32 2,947.13 

E-23 LAST FOUR DIGITS OF SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER DATE OF BIRTH DATE OF HIRE 12/31/96 VESTING SERVICE 12/31/96 CREDITED SERVICE 12/31/96 FINAL AVERAGE EARNINGS ACCRUED BENEFIT 3716 09/09/45 02/05/76 21.0000 21.0000 14,427.63 3,025.67 4304 09/24/45 09/07/93 3.0000 3.0000 23,374.74 736.30 1903 03/16/56 02/14/77 20.0000 20.0000 14,832.38 2,531.68 8075 07/28/47 11/03/87 9.0000 9.0000 14,726.36 1,309.38 2701 05/02/65 10/17/94 2.0000 2.0000 19,955.21 424.74 4254 12/06/73 10/02/95 1.0000 1.0000 20,828.56 180.47 0417 03/08/54 02/10/81 16.0000 16.0000 22,778.47 3,474.19 5244 10/03/48 03/19/79 13.0000 10.0000 28,090.36 2,801.47 5395 01/01/49 03/19/75 20.7833 20.7500 13,352.21 2,812.36 0768 01/18/49 05/26/70 26.5972 26.5833 23,233.90 4,548.96 1049 03/25/65 11/30/87 9.0000 9.0000 16,871.51 1,234.94 1165 10/03/49 01/14/80 17.0000 17.0000 19,552.56 2,849.06 1186 12/02/46 02/19/85 12.0000 12.0000 10,030.84 1,396.39 1323 12/20/59 10/23/78 18.0000 18.0000 19,504.27 2,667.27 1817 08/24/41 05/02/75 21.6638 21.6666 19,874.89 4,013.97 5798 09/07/50 04/26/76 21.0000 21.0000 16,126.35 2,651.93 6817 11/09/50 10/23/70 26.1888 26.1666 14,792.74 2,755.95 7340 03/06/50 05/29/89 8.0000 8.0000 16,676.74 1,346.62 4124 03/08/50 04/29/75 21.6722 21.6666 21,213.65 3,806.56 6512 04/06/53 03/15/93 4.0000 4.0000 16,289.73 684.17 6513 04/06/53 07/26/95 1.0000 1.0000 23,267.59 244.29 6535 01/29/51 10/08/79 17.0000 17.0000 31,731.07 4,566.79 6658 09/28/51 04/21/74 22.6944 22.6666 39,476.19 6,756.79 6831 11/05/51 01/30/79 16.0000 16.0000 17,611.47 2,798.75 7433 12/29/49 05/20/86 11.0000 11.0000 16,596.52 1,668.68 8725 02/10/50 05/20/85 12.0000 12.0000 14,324.94 1,693.74 2553 11/23/53 08/12/77 19.0000 19.0000 14,350.20 2,470.73 7035 04/09/53 11/19/75 21.1166 21.0833 15,183.76 2,551.55 7051 03/24/53 06/15/71 25.5444 25.5833 21,911.24 4,164.62 7297 10/16/53 11/02/73 23.1638 23.1666 18,469.38 3,276.78 7459 11/05/51 06/20/88 9.0000 9.0000 26,414.80 2,245.31 7637 07/29/52 03/23/87 10.0000 10.0000 16,847.14 1,474.12 9590 02/20/54 12/01/77 17.0000 17.0000 13,936.68 2,163.54 9660 02/07/52 04/09/95 2.0000 2.0000 10,634.40 223.32 7931 07/16/54 10/27/72 11.0000 10.0000 20,400.99 1,995.54 8604 09/29/54 06/03/74 22.5777 22.5833 20,971.31 3,434.29 2972 02/22/53 04/05/93 4.0000 4.0000 11,953.78 502.06 5067 07/17/57 04/21/93 4.0000 4.0000 15,994.03 703.72 5075 03/07/56 07/07/93 4.0000 4.0000 16,741.40 736.64 5361 07/09/55 02/15/93 4.0000 4.0000 16,975.60 746.94 5428 03/26/56 11/06/95 1.0000 1.0000 25,062.28 275.68 5946 02/28/57 05/03/93 4.0000 4.0000 21,050.02 926.19 5976 05/14/55 11/10/93 3.0000 3.0000 13,737.64 453.32 7112 03/29/68 08/15/95 1.0000 1.0000 14,534.67 146.34 7241 05/10/56 02/22/93 4.0000 4.0000 25,522.08 1,122.99 7329 09/13/56 05/04/95 2.0000 2.0000 16,143.91 355.15 8378 09/18/54 04/19/94 3.0000 3.0000 15,241.50 480.09 9448 10/23/57 06/28/93 4.0000 4.0000 14,445.25 635.57 5127 09/24/56 05/26/94 3.0000 3.0000 12,996.37 428.87 5153 06/09/56 10/12/94 2.0000 2.0000 16,103.63 354.26 5390 03/26/56 11/30/94 2.0000 2.0000 16,594.25 365.06 5442 01/26/56 11/27/95 1.0000 1.0000 16,785.75 184.64 5495 02/11/56 07/23/93 3.0000 3.0000 20,501.80 676.55 5638 02/12/54 06/10/94 2.0000 2.0000 15,343.46 322.20 5804 03/30/60 09/02/93 3.0000 3.0000 16,079.41 530.60 5949 11/08/57 06/13/95 2.0000 2.0000 12,741.48 280.32 3531 09/29/59 07/07/93 3.0000 3.0000 11,333.02 373.97 6962 02/26/57 03/31/94 3.0000 3.0000 32,718.38 1,079.68 0161 10/27/60 10/03/95 1.0000 1.0000 19,415.87 213.55 4310 05/28/61 04/26/93 4.0000 4.0000 14,958.37 658.16 1073 10/23/65 09/15/94 2.0000 2.0000 11,786.74 243.94 E-24 LAST FOUR DIGITS OF SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER DATE OF BIRTH DATE OF HIRE 12/31/96 VESTING SERVICE 12/31/96 CREDITED SERVICE 12/31/96 FINAL AVERAGE EARNINGS ACCRUED BENEFIT 2295 08/05/66 08/13/93 3.0000 3.0000 20,187.44 593.69 5609 05/17/57 09/01/94 2.0000 2.0000 12,683.30 279.02 8253 12/30/69 04/21/94 3.0000 3.0000 13,348.97 363.84 8387 09/21/61 08/13/93 3.0000 3.0000 15,623.06 515.57 9087 08/04/68 08/12/93 3.0000 3.0000 16,402.84 458.25 8052 06/13/58 05/03/93 4.0000 4.0000 16,712.79 735.35 4860 09/17/58 09/12/95 1.0000 1.0000 12,947.92 142.41 6460 04/04/74 07/07/93 3.0000 3.0000 10,260.55 254.82 1217 12/25/72 08/21/95 1.0000 1.0000 13,425.22 119.07 1353 12/23/61 02/15/93 4.0000 4.0000 17,320.56 762.12 9580 11/29/74 02/09/95 2.0000 2.0000 15,701.38 259.92 1194 12/07/66 05/24/93 4.0000 4.0000 15,278.66 583.70 6543 02/17/71 07/24/95 1.0000 1.0000 16,064.80 149.60 9435 09/25/64 04/21/94 3.0000 3.0000 11,291.35 350.49 1188 05/09/60 06/28/93 4.0000 4.0000 15,160.05 667.04 1940 09/18/70 06/22/94 3.0000 3.0000 20,519.13 545.97 6220 10/19/70 06/08/94 3.0000 3.0000 10,801.48 287.40 6520 09/24/69 08/06/93 3.0000 3.0000 14,077.40 383.69 8260 06/26/61 05/17/93 4.0000 4.0000 13,961.06 614.30 9394 12/09/67 04/17/95 2.0000 2.0000 15,427.49 302.45 0219 09/15/65 06/28/93 4.0000 4.0000 15,441.18 605.44 6801 11/30/61 05/03/93 4.0000 4.0000 25,980.06 1,143.15 7015 12/01/68 03/02/95 2.0000 2.0000 15,658.55 299.11 7975 03/18/66 07/23/93 3.0000 3.0000 18,619.83 562.36 9227 08/27/71 02/06/95 2.0000 2.0000 17,211.21 305.30 9733 03/10/65 06/21/93 4.0000 4.0000 23,395.35 942.15 3904 08/10/73 02/23/95 2.0000 2.0000 14,658.20 248.16 4261 04/19/66 07/14/93 3.0000 3.0000 13,361.93 403.56 9586 09/08/65 04/07/94 3.0000 3.0000 12,621.21 381.19 3433 08/25/65 08/30/93 3.0000 3.0000 24,992.69 754.84 4459 10/02/68 12/04/95 1.0000 1.0000 14,907.75 146.16 2877 02/10/70 05/31/94 3.0000 3.0000 31,343.81 854.30 2323 11/23/71 06/13/95 1.0000 1.0000 12,710.16 115.48 7701 06/04/68 04/12/94 3.0000 3.0000 18,491.66 516.61 3767 03/14/75 04/20/95 2.0000 2.0000 16,271.84 269.36 6923 11/23/66 06/15/94 2.0000 2.0000 10,728.23 216.00 8348 04/27/67 11/28/94 2.0000 2.0000 24,966.53 502.67 8407 11/27/69 05/03/93 4.0000 4.0000 14,026.58 497.62 6502 06/12/67 06/21/93 3.0000 3.0000 15,554.88 445.69 7905 09/18/64 04/25/94 3.0000 3.0000 16,754.42 520.06 1557 03/29/71 06/28/93 4.0000 4.0000 23,641.20 819.17 1134 12/24/65 12/01/94 2.0000 2.0000 12,754.35 263.97 7850 08/21/68 06/21/93 4.0000 4.0000 39,805.68 1,446.58 7957 02/25/71 11/05/93 3.0000 3.0000 26,494.19 704.95 0781 02/07/69 09/01/93 3.0000 3.0000 23,173.84 647.42 7068 10/10/71 10/17/95 1.0000 1.0000 15,617.23 141.89 9237 11/18/72 08/30/93 3.0000 3.0000 23,113.14 587.01 5279 02/14/42 08/14/78 11.0000 10.0000 15,991.70 1,531.13 6973 11/11/42 04/21/80 11.0000 10.0000 91,527.94 12,748.93 3698 08/26/39 04/26/93 4.0000 4.0000 15,718.49 660.17 7557 07/06/39 07/23/93 3.0000 3.0000 14,614.14 460.35 7594 12/10/41 05/24/93 4.0000 4.0000 17,379.18 729.91 9719 04/19/43 11/22/94 2.0000 2.0000 17,535.52 368.25 0492 08/07/43 04/26/93 4.0000 4.0000 8,655.80 363.54 8272 01/15/41 05/31/93 4.0000 4.0000 14,141.31 593.93 8316 02/21/46 04/05/93 4.0000 4.0000 15,690.68 659.00 8642 01/22/43 05/24/93 4.0000 4.0000 16,055.85 674.35 9041 01/26/42 04/24/89 8.0000 8.0000 25,993.41 1,913.33 5575 10/17/45 04/05/93 4.0000 4.0000 19,164.58 804.90 6050 01/23/42 04/26/93 4.0000 4.0000 22,871.56 960.59 9176 08/15/75 11/29/94 2.0000 2.0000 23,333.27 377.91 0775 01/05/43 04/12/94 3.0000 3.0000 16,499.29 519.74 

E-25 LAST FOUR DIGITS OF SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER DATE OF BIRTH DATE OF HIRE 12/31/96 VESTING SERVICE 12/31/96 CREDITED SERVICE 12/31/96 FINAL AVERAGE EARNINGS ACCRUED BENEFIT 6382 08/04/46 05/10/94 3.0000 3.0000 25,170.83 792.90 6566 04/29/43 05/03/93 4.0000 4.0000 14,971.81 628.82 7102 05/31/45 02/15/93 4.0000 4.0000 15,528.63 652.19 7360 02/14/74 06/07/94 3.0000 3.0000 24,166.67 600.17 5283 10/09/50 11/28/95 1.0000 1.0000 15,590.55 163.70 3414 03/18/50 05/02/94 3.0000 3.0000 13,202.40 415.88 4819 03/08/46 05/31/93 4.0000 4.0000 11,853.13 497.83 3559 04/18/49 02/08/93 4.0000 4.0000 22,373.49 939.70 5346 02/18/55 08/04/86 10.0000 10.0000 14,898.39 1,637.20 2803 07/24/49 06/28/93 4.0000 4.0000 15,313.89 643.19 3350 02/12/51 03/08/93 4.0000 4.0000 13,911.22 584.26 4458 03/05/50 08/13/93 3.0000 3.0000 12,653.03 398.58 4660 01/31/50 01/31/95 2.0000 2.0000 21,223.25 445.69 2516 03/12/50 02/15/93 4.0000 4.0000 15,257.06 640.80 2680 11/27/51 02/15/93 4.0000 4.0000 17,598.74 739.16 2696 05/04/50 05/03/93 4.0000 4.0000 14,754.76 619.70 3995 09/03/49 04/21/93 4.0000 4.0000 15,754.80 661.71 5348 04/30/52 02/19/73 23.8666 23.8333 17,636.83 3,228.06 2475 03/08/55 06/26/95 1.0000 1.0000 11,436.30 125.81 4680 06/06/48 11/15/93 3.0000 3.0000 17,245.91 543.25 5915 12/11/52 02/15/93 4.0000 4.0000 12,900.50 541.82 6535 04/20/54 08/15/95 1.0000 1.0000 11,327.64 118.94 8149 07/16/57 11/06/95 1.0000 1.0000 22,379.63 246.20 6164 01/01/59 07/06/95 2.0000 2.0000 19,259.28 423.73 6353 10/06/58 08/13/93 3.0000 3.0000 15,305.18 505.07 6590 11/30/57 08/30/93 3.0000 3.0000 27,470.05 906.53 7101 08/28/58 10/18/94 2.0000 2.0000 18,388.04 404.56 0272 03/02/58 01/24/95 2.0000 2.0000 16,250.96 357.53 5589 04/11/60 06/07/94 3.0000 3.0000 15,561.93 513.52 4336 03/20/59 05/24/93 4.0000 4.0000 27,715.30 1,219.45 2570 11/10/56 05/10/94 3.0000 3.0000 12,043.84 397.44 4429 11/28/59 08/16/94 2.0000 2.0000 11,957.99 263.09 6628 10/03/63 07/07/93 3.0000 3.0000 19,943.34 636.73 7265 12/10/63 06/13/95 2.0000 2.0000 16,146.66 355.21 7815 11/12/68 10/05/94 2.0000 2.0000 14,539.10 277.72 2664 06/29/59 07/12/93 3.0000 3.0000 18,397.18 607.08 4391 06/14/59 07/27/95 2.0000 2.0000 18,070.28 397.57 7993 03/01/69 05/19/94 3.0000 3.0000 14,475.06 404.40 9891 12/02/70 04/13/95 2.0000 2.0000 11,925.91 216.70 8625 06/13/71 11/06/95 1.0000 1.0000 15,159.30 137.73 2196 08/03/71 05/05/94 3.0000 3.0000 9,414.73 244.68 2273 09/27/69 06/04/94 3.0000 3.0000 11,713.98 319.27 9476 06/20/66 04/21/93 4.0000 4.0000 18,149.12 693.36 7366 11/06/67 07/14/93 3.0000 3.0000 15,178.28 434.90 7817 06/01/60 04/18/95 2.0000 2.0000 15,593.59 343.08 9617 03/11/71 09/15/93 3.0000 3.0000 22,170.09 589.89 4671 12/29/71 09/20/94 2.0000 2.0000 16,264.33 288.50 4867 07/06/69 06/14/94 3.0000 3.0000 23,983.14 653.68 1613 09/01/70 07/14/93 3.0000 3.0000 14,848.68 395.09 4961 06/16/72 08/13/93 3.0000 3.0000 13,595.10 345.28 5241 03/31/66 07/07/93 3.0000 3.0000 17,668.22 533.62 3777 08/14/66 03/31/94 3.0000 3.0000 13,944.74 410.10 1776 01/17/64 03/27/95 2.0000 2.0000 20,244.69 445.36 7019 12/29/72 05/26/94 3.0000 3.0000 18,252.82 463.57 7044 09/04/62 06/03/94 3.0000 3.0000 19,611.53 647.21 3607 09/15/69 04/23/94 3.0000 3.0000 14,493.77 395.04 6023 07/25/65 05/12/94 3.0000 3.0000 26,486.42 799.95 9476 01/18/75 11/27/95 1.0000 1.0000 14,021.51 118.72 9906 10/13/70 06/21/93 4.0000 4.0000 22,130.01 766.80 1846 02/11/66 07/12/93 4.0000 4.0000 20,955.30 821.64 1847 04/13/75 10/18/95 1.0000 1.0000 17,131.51 145.05 3147 06/11/63 05/03/93 4.0000 4.0000 11,861.44 490.93 E-26 LAST FOUR DIGITS OF SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER DATE OF BIRTH DATE OF HIRE 12/31/96 VESTING SERVICE 12/31/96 CREDITED SERVICE 12/31/96 FINAL AVERAGE EARNINGS ACCRUED BENEFIT 5647 05/30/62 05/27/94 3.0000 3.0000 16,739.30 552.40 7731 11/09/70 11/30/94 2.0000 2.0000 14,356.44 260.86 0617 08/13/73 03/08/93 4.0000 4.0000 22,093.00 715.65 4354 04/06/75 02/21/95 2.0000 2.0000 18,436.65 305.20 4730 02/25/71 03/14/95 2.0000 2.0000 28,063.31 509.93 5225 03/09/75 11/08/94 2.0000 2.0000 14,189.92 234.90 8283 08/02/69 10/18/94 2.0000 2.0000 12,704.87 236.63 2625 03/15/68 06/10/94 2.0000 2.0000 11,959.46 234.46 7021 01/22/71 08/13/93 3.0000 3.0000 13,507.35 359.40 4393 10/04/72 05/05/94 3.0000 3.0000 15,987.70 406.04 6512 02/23/73 06/12/95 1.0000 1.0000 9,500.42 84.26 6317 04/06/36 06/28/93 3.0000 3.0000 16,483.19 494.49 1173 11/01/75 09/19/95 1.0000 1.0000 29,711.31 245.92 3056 06/11/73 09/01/93 3.0000 3.0000 16,695.86 414.63 3914 02/12/70 01/31/95 2.0000 2.0000 12,390.99 230.78 3187 03/24/35 05/14/94 3.0000 3.0000 21,641.14 649.23 7455 06/20/70 06/21/93 4.0000 4.0000 17,393.61 602.69 5793 08/12/75 06/26/95 1.0000 1.0000 14,270.05 118.11 1538 10/08/38 02/15/93 4.0000 4.0000 18,270.35 767.36 1584 06/24/39 05/03/93 4.0000 4.0000 13,804.63 579.79 2673 09/02/75 08/14/95 1.0000 1.0000 12,958.94 107.26 2325 05/02/72 03/08/93 4.0000 4.0000 35,340.04 1,196.75 3658 02/10/74 09/26/94 2.0000 2.0000 20,498.73 347.05 2102 09/23/43 02/08/93 4.0000 4.0000 15,112.85 634.74 1916 11/25/44 06/10/94 3.0000 3.0000 12,827.65 404.07 4264 02/19/46 05/05/94 3.0000 3.0000 15,826.81 498.54 0957 06/30/46 06/15/94 2.0000 2.0000 10,806.71 226.95 2643 04/22/47 08/13/93 3.0000 3.0000 17,023.39 536.25 4878 03/04/48 02/22/93 4.0000 4.0000 18,165.59 762.95 0481 06/17/48 08/06/93 3.0000 3.0000 15,299.85 481.94 0503 01/01/50 05/03/93 4.0000 4.0000 17,319.94 727.44 2465 10/25/47 06/28/93 4.0000 4.0000 29,517.87 1,239.75 7239 01/23/56 04/03/95 2.0000 2.0000 13,598.30 299.15 0119 10/11/49 05/10/93 4.0000 4.0000 20,650.95 867.35 0319 03/23/47 11/08/94 2.0000 2.0000 13,260.36 278.47 2565 10/05/52 05/02/94 3.0000 3.0000 16,449.10 518.15 4036 09/06/52 06/28/93 4.0000 4.0000 15,637.07 656.76 4342 01/16/49 10/03/95 1.0000 1.0000 12,083.71 126.89 5959 05/31/47 01/25/95 2.0000 2.0000 15,865.14 333.18 7097 01/13/50 03/29/94 3.0000 3.0000 22,285.67 702.01 3321 05/23/50 02/08/93 4.0000 4.0000 22,534.48 946.46 6679 08/04/46 05/03/93 4.0000 4.0000 20,531.10 862.32 8586 03/08/53 01/03/89 7.0000 7.0000 44,132.23 3,090.65 6785 02/12/48 05/17/93 4.0000 4.0000 18,462.20 929.65 7055 12/30/50 05/02/94 3.0000 3.0000 22,228.31 700.17 8734 06/10/54 05/31/93 4.0000 4.0000 15,156.11 636.56 4827 08/31/57 02/01/95 2.0000 2.0000 13,193.46 290.26 4798 05/24/55 09/08/94 2.0000 2.0000 14,309.32 314.80 3096 06/27/64 01/26/95 2.0000 2.0000 17,811.37 379.11 3558 03/07/68 10/18/93 3.0000 3.0000 23,700.97 679.10 6665 01/23/65 10/05/94 2.0000 2.0000 12,255.12 260.85 7249 06/04/55 11/26/79 11.0000 10.0000 16,295.10 1,729.34 7997 05/02/58 11/08/93 3.0000 3.0000 13,833.59 456.52 4686 05/24/59 11/28/94 2.0000 2.0000 16,075.49 353.68 6691 06/10/62 07/14/93 3.0000 3.0000 27,583.77 910.31 2422 11/20/65 07/23/93 3.0000 3.0000 20,590.85 621.89 4357 09/30/69 05/12/94 3.0000 3.0000 14,666.57 399.75 6709 09/27/63 05/24/93 4.0000 4.0000 20,441.36 846.04 8043 09/29/62 02/15/93 4.0000 4.0000 17,495.01 744.81 9440 03/27/72 09/25/95 1.0000 1.0000 17,841.50 162.09 3135 07/25/60 05/03/93 4.0000 4.0000 27,037.53 1,189.63 8511 07/18/59 06/29/95 1.0000 1.0000 17,092.18 188.00 

E-27 LAST FOUR DIGITS OF SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER DATE OF BIRTH DATE OF HIRE 12/31/96 VESTING SERVICE 12/31/96 CREDITED SERVICE 12/31/96 FINAL AVERAGE EARNINGS ACCRUED BENEFIT 3510 10/22/72 05/24/93 4.0000 4.0000 22,501.86 745.07 3711 05/12/65 06/01/94 3.0000 3.0000 18,314.93 568.50 9030 05/06/64 04/18/95 2.0000 2.0000 14,326.56 315.17 0225 12/27/64 04/11/95 2.0000 2.0000 14,451.94 307.60 1650 12/25/62 06/03/94 3.0000 3.0000 17,133.68 565.44 8989 08/27/61 08/05/94 2.0000 2.0000 21,958.91 483.10 0597 03/12/59 11/07/94 1.0000 1.0000 17,534.18 204.94 2559 09/09/64 04/21/93 4.0000 4.0000 17,233.25 694.00 4426 02/18/65 05/17/93 4.0000 4.0000 14,375.78 578.93 4618 08/08/63 08/26/94 2.0000 2.0000 17,622.32 387.67 9508 06/25/61 07/07/93 4.0000 4.0000 12,246.50 538.86 5925 07/26/61 06/26/95 1.0000 1.0000 19,935.95 219.31 8367 02/07/69 02/22/93 4.0000 4.0000 21,507.55 781.61 5020 12/05/63 05/24/93 4.0000 4.0000 21,935.65 907.88 7841 01/23/69 07/12/93 3.0000 3.0000 22,155.28 618.96 4397 01/24/66 01/16/95 2.0000 2.0000 15,467.74 320.12 9443 09/11/63 06/28/93 4.0000 4.0000 16,433.09 680.14 5406 10/01/70 07/23/93 3.0000 3.0000 18,675.36 496.91 7210 12/18/70 06/07/94 3.0000 3.0000 13,052.94 347.31 5265 10/07/65 10/18/93 3.0000 3.0000 14,037.65 423.97 8622 03/16/63 09/15/94 2.0000 2.0000 13,286.66 292.33 0408 09/19/63 03/29/94 3.0000 3.0000 16,399.13 523.57 6008 04/05/67 01/23/95 2.0000 2.0000 18,914.42 380.82 7848 05/19/69 05/28/94 3.0000 3.0000 17,049.34 476.32 0015 03/29/65 03/21/95 2.0000 2.0000 13,893.51 295.72 3601 07/04/69 06/22/94 3.0000 3.0000 22,118.82 602.87 3900 03/23/75 01/24/95 2.0000 2.0000 15,622.65 258.62 5237 01/25/70 08/15/94 2.0000 2.0000 9,979.57 185.87 6647 07/16/74 05/24/93 4.0000 4.0000 15,288.89 484.71 6648 02/04/66 02/15/93 4.0000 4.0000 20,961.57 821.89 0546 04/13/69 06/03/94 3.0000 3.0000 15,860.03 443.09 2201 04/04/65 02/22/93 4.0000 4.0000 30,252.12 1,218.28 4994 07/30/33 05/31/93 4.0000 4.0000 14,891.46 595.66 1356 03/30/72 06/28/93 4.0000 4.0000 13,440.18 455.14 0502 01/10/70 09/19/95 1.0000 1.0000 12,973.35 123.91 0719 06/20/72 08/23/94 2.0000 2.0000 15,762.61 273.09 9105 10/17/71 07/14/93 3.0000 3.0000 24,617.14 639.78 3514 09/26/67 05/31/93 4.0000 4.0000 21,433.41 798.39 6203 09/01/67 10/10/95 1.0000 1.0000 16,886.59 170.03 8122 09/22/70 05/20/94 3.0000 3.0000 12,451.77 331.31 4403 11/15/68 05/02/94 3.0000 3.0000 17,812.76 497.64 9602 11/22/71 01/17/95 2.0000 2.0000 25,276.12 448.36 0753 10/24/70 05/12/94 3.0000 3.0000 12,189.86 324.34 0916 10/11/73 05/21/94 3.0000 3.0000 14,005.86 347.83 1021 10/24/70 05/12/94 3.0000 3.0000 13,580.76 361.35 4893 02/08/69 04/23/94 3.0000 3.0000 24,208.20 676.32 8382 04/10/67 07/07/93 4.0000 4.0000 22,313.95 852.47 7993 08/07/71 04/21/94 3.0000 3.0000 18,630.82 484.20 3556 08/14/38 02/24/93 4.0000 4.0000 26,843.40 1,127.43 0863 01/26/40 04/27/93 4.0000 4.0000 17,674.43 742.32 9363 05/20/68 04/20/95 2.0000 2.0000 14,466.84 283.62 8898 04/28/38 11/30/94 2.0000 2.0000 16,036.42 336.76 9045 03/18/45 09/08/94 2.0000 2.0000 15,673.97 329.15 0139 06/16/73 12/04/95 1.0000 1.0000 16,566.43 143.54 4526 01/11/75 10/24/95 1.0000 1.0000 13,501.91 114.32 8412 07/08/73 05/10/93 4.0000 4.0000 15,458.18 500.73 8971 07/07/42 05/03/93 4.0000 4.0000 28,998.16 1,217.94 0664 05/12/44 02/15/93 4.0000 4.0000 39,873.88 1,674.70 1063 07/28/44 06/28/93 4.0000 4.0000 15,135.14 635.66 3281 03/28/48 04/26/93 4.0000 4.0000 36,236.65 1,521.94 9276 03/10/48 05/28/69 11.0000 11.0000 20,697.70 2,119.62 5730 05/17/46 07/07/93 4.0000 4.0000 31,153.00 1,308.41 E-28 LAST FOUR DIGITS OF SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER DATE OF BIRTH DATE OF HIRE 12/31/96 VESTING SERVICE 12/31/96 CREDITED SERVICE 12/31/96 FINAL AVERAGE EARNINGS ACCRUED BENEFIT 6112 08/28/49 03/02/95 2.0000 2.0000 11,262.05 236.50 7326 12/01/48 11/09/92 4.0000 4.0000 46,617.44 2,007.81 7477 10/25/43 06/28/93 4.0000 4.0000 19,639.55 824.86 2617 11/30/45 02/15/93 4.0000 4.0000 18,142.02 761.96 5086 06/01/51 07/07/93 4.0000 4.0000 19,589.65 822.75 5361 08/26/46 05/10/93 4.0000 4.0000 22,362.72 939.25 3351 04/23/50 07/07/93 4.0000 4.0000 32,368.99 1,359.51 1846 05/24/38 05/17/93 4.0000 4.0000 15,535.39 652.48 0766 08/28/49 05/10/93 4.0000 4.0000 14,002.24 588.10 8660 03/28/49 11/08/94 2.0000 2.0000 14,062.58 295.30 2774 07/12/54 12/01/94 2.0000 2.0000 15,744.90 330.64 6438 08/18/51 02/22/93 4.0000 4.0000 21,329.69 895.86 6587 11/25/54 07/07/93 4.0000 4.0000 26,929.28 1,131.04 6699 05/10/50 02/22/93 4.0000 4.0000 18,274.61 767.54 6758 07/17/53 07/07/93 3.0000 3.0000 12,506.40 393.95 6822 06/20/53 07/07/93 3.0000 3.0000 12,681.58 399.47 7158 11/10/55 07/24/95 2.0000 2.0000 17,823.42 392.10 0040 10/27/57 08/02/93 4.0000 4.0000 34,076.82 1,499.34 0145 01/18/56 04/07/94 3.0000 3.0000 14,667.61 484.03 0246 12/27/54 05/03/93 4.0000 4.0000 15,060.92 632.57 0341 05/12/53 07/14/93 4.0000 4.0000 17,324.77 727.64 0468 06/16/55 01/09/95 2.0000 2.0000 14,192.84 312.23 5751 08/31/58 10/18/93 3.0000 3.0000 13,278.50 438.19 6395 03/04/65 02/15/93 4.0000 4.0000 13,294.27 535.37 6984 02/27/57 07/23/93 3.0000 3.0000 14,206.30 468.80 7029 10/30/55 05/17/93 4.0000 4.0000 19,840.19 872.98 7266 02/27/64 11/10/93 3.0000 3.0000 17,889.15 571.15 7339 05/16/66 11/13/95 1.0000 1.0000 15,780.86 167.94 6732 01/02/57 06/07/94 3.0000 3.0000 11,867.44 391.61 1793 06/11/61 07/24/95 1.0000 1.0000 13,863.80 152.51 6768 11/12/61 05/03/93 4.0000 4.0000 17,380.02 764.74 1377 07/21/68 06/21/93 4.0000 4.0000 20,859.82 758.07 1468 08/18/63 04/26/94 3.0000 3.0000 15,478.60 494.18 1575 09/11/63 12/15/94 2.0000 2.0000 10,864.18 239.00 5762 02/09/59 05/24/93 4.0000 4.0000 15,281.22 672.36 7176 09/16/58 09/20/94 2.0000 2.0000 13,315.93 292.97 8451 09/15/59 09/13/94 2.0000 2.0000 13,632.05 299.92 6055 05/08/69 08/15/95 1.0000 1.0000 15,390.43 150.89 7233 02/11/60 06/28/93 4.0000 4.0000 20,370.06 896.28 8310 06/05/61 06/28/93 4.0000 4.0000 15,801.19 695.27 6344 11/30/68 05/31/93 4.0000 4.0000 17,914.13 651.02 6670 05/31/71 03/02/95 2.0000 2.0000 17,005.35 309.00 8316 09/07/67 10/03/95 1.0000 1.0000 11,406.95 114.85 3738 09/01/61 07/23/93 3.0000 3.0000 13,610.30 449.14 7279 01/26/72 05/01/94 3.0000 3.0000 12,954.05 336.67 1448 08/11/59 03/16/95 2.0000 2.0000 13,263.72 291.82 2105 02/26/73 06/21/93 4.0000 4.0000 12,764.37 422.65 4227 04/23/69 03/14/95 2.0000 2.0000 18,524.39 353.85 4853 10/21/74 10/05/94 2.0000 2.0000 15,089.17 249.78 5407 11/04/56 11/30/94 2.0000 2.0000 11,253.45 247.56 6025 07/13/73 03/02/95 2.0000 2.0000 12,266.64 207.68 9089 02/02/70 06/03/94 3.0000 3.0000 15,055.63 410.35 1483 08/26/60 10/25/93 3.0000 3.0000 11,943.33 394.13 1540 05/12/66 10/25/93 3.0000 3.0000 18,301.55 552.75 9679 11/05/68 07/14/93 3.0000 3.0000 14,708.16 410.91 0627 02/23/64 06/28/93 4.0000 4.0000 14,559.56 602.60 1852 01/02/64 02/08/93 4.0000 4.0000 35,440.02 1,466.81 6844 06/09/62 05/09/95 2.0000 2.0000 17,607.85 387.40 7050 04/07/67 06/14/94 2.0000 2.0000 12,860.95 258.94 9432 07/19/63 06/28/93 3.0000 3.0000 14,668.57 468.32 0581 10/27/63 04/26/93 4.0000 4.0000 22,109.07 915.06 3057 10/11/61 11/01/93 3.0000 3.0000 15,242.31 503.00 

E-29 LAST FOUR DIGITS OF SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER DATE OF BIRTH DATE OF HIRE 12/31/96 VESTING SERVICE 12/31/96 CREDITED SERVICE 12/31/96 FINAL AVERAGE EARNINGS ACCRUED BENEFIT 0640 04/08/64 06/15/94 2.0000 2.0000 8,182.07 179.99 8668 02/26/63 07/23/93 3.0000 3.0000 13,422.79 442.98 6265 08/20/67 05/08/95 2.0000 2.0000 18,582.78 364.31 0931 03/01/70 08/22/95 1.0000 1.0000 12,750.50 121.78 3085 03/29/68 03/21/95 2.0000 2.0000 14,616.74 286.56 6923 05/07/74 10/18/94 2.0000 2.0000 22,906.72 387.81 9569 01/05/65 05/31/93 4.0000 4.0000 17,337.57 698.20 0144 02/18/36 02/15/93 4.0000 4.0000 16,261.21 650.45 0278 04/14/73 07/07/93 4.0000 4.0000 19,080.71 631.79 0595 12/21/72 07/14/93 3.0000 3.0000 12,092.72 307.12 2786 05/04/71 07/14/93 3.0000 3.0000 14,400.57 383.17 4121 03/06/75 05/24/93 4.0000 4.0000 20,704.49 656.40 7753 06/11/34 06/23/75 21.5222 21.5000 26,731.97 5,923.47 5840 09/13/73 06/22/95 1.0000 1.0000 14,130.20 122.43 1025 11/05/66 02/14/95 2.0000 2.0000 15,587.72 313.84 7389 05/11/70 05/31/93 4.0000 4.0000 22,815.27 809.41 4628 09/21/37 08/31/94 2.0000 2.0000 17,981.26 359.63 0203 07/13/42 05/22/90 7.0000 7.0000 11,714.53 805.24 0083 02/19/41 05/24/93 4.0000 4.0000 21,015.89 882.66 3538 09/19/41 09/20/94 2.0000 2.0000 13,274.84 278.78 7939 05/30/42 07/12/93 4.0000 4.0000 28,873.47 1,212.67 8314 08/25/44 05/17/93 4.0000 4.0000 13,514.72 567.61 3667 10/24/43 07/25/95 1.0000 1.0000 14,455.78 151.78 4179 10/29/72 08/09/94 2.0000 2.0000 13,825.55 239.53 6306 05/24/74 02/14/95 2.0000 2.0000 15,299.31 259.02 1660 09/04/44 04/20/95 2.0000 2.0000 18,061.47 379.28 9344 12/19/44 11/08/94 2.0000 2.0000 11,484.48 241.17 8550 06/20/74 03/02/95 2.0000 2.0000 13,856.16 229.37 7355 07/31/48 05/10/93 4.0000 4.0000 37,934.59 1,593.28 7391 05/20/49 10/18/94 2.0000 2.0000 19,225.57 403.72 2649 11/09/48 03/29/94 3.0000 3.0000 13,842.63 436.04 3060 04/11/52 04/07/94 3.0000 3.0000 16,010.15 504.30 4066 12/18/50 07/23/93 3.0000 3.0000 18,789.25 591.84 4599 12/10/48 02/22/93 4.0000 4.0000 17,675.60 742.39 4806 04/20/52 01/31/95 2.0000 2.0000 18,385.08 386.09 7591 09/04/51 05/31/93 4.0000 4.0000 20,587.92 864.71 9432 04/10/50 07/07/93 3.0000 3.0000 13,164.63 414.69 9513 03/19/53 02/08/93 4.0000 4.0000 22,906.57 962.08 9796 01/22/50 02/15/93 4.0000 4.0000 14,879.60 624.95 2857 04/11/48 05/17/93 4.0000 4.0000 13,129.39 551.43 3743 06/29/46 02/15/93 4.0000 4.0000 13,451.92 564.99 7217 02/17/55 12/03/79 17.0000 17.0000 34,084.61 5,055.78 0210 03/10/50 09/28/94 2.0000 2.0000 17,411.14 365.63 1003 01/17/52 05/03/93 4.0000 4.0000 13,525.71 568.09 0005 07/28/50 04/07/94 3.0000 3.0000 17,386.38 547.66 6655 03/31/56 04/21/93 4.0000 4.0000 13,227.10 582.00 6729 12/31/52 08/26/94 2.0000 2.0000 16,499.85 346.51 6984 02/25/56 05/03/93 4.0000 4.0000 24,167.39 1,063.39 7978 02/05/51 05/10/93 4.0000 4.0000 12,933.85 543.21 8002 03/26/54 05/17/93 4.0000 4.0000 14,006.39 588.28 1225 07/05/55 10/05/94 2.0000 2.0000 16,641.32 366.09 1724 07/07/55 09/12/94 2.0000 2.0000 15,724.78 345.93 5295 02/10/57 07/17/95 1.0000 1.0000 17,284.68 190.12 5672 04/15/56 05/31/93 4.0000 4.0000 11,674.95 626.55 5769 12/27/54 07/14/93 3.0000 3.0000 14,070.91 443.21 7389 03/08/57 05/03/93 4.0000 4.0000 21,697.82 954.70 3451 07/23/55 09/15/94 2.0000 2.0000 14,438.86 317.64 8814 10/30/55 06/14/93 4.0000 4.0000 32,534.77 1,431.56 2886 02/10/58 10/08/79 16.0000 3.0000 38,412.14 1,267.62 9121 03/04/57 06/28/93 4.0000 4.0000 16,789.58 738.74 4965 09/05/59 01/30/95 2.0000 2.0000 15,861.15 348.96 2060 02/24/61 05/10/93 4.0000 4.0000 15,919.21 700.43 E-30 LAST FOUR DIGITS OF SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER DATE OF BIRTH DATE OF HIRE 12/31/96 VESTING SERVICE 12/31/96 CREDITED SERVICE 12/31/96 FINAL AVERAGE EARNINGS ACCRUED BENEFIT 3071 10/02/57 11/06/95 1.0000 1.0000 23,354.33 256.92 6540 01/25/61 07/07/93 4.0000 4.0000 15,104.34 664.58 6665 11/14/58 09/13/94 2.0000 2.0000 16,214.13 356.73 8416 03/07/60 10/03/95 1.0000 1.0000 16,026.65 176.28 0635 06/24/57 10/31/94 2.0000 2.0000 14,258.69 313.70 2446 05/23/59 09/15/93 3.0000 3.0000 16,593.38 547.58 0180 09/16/63 05/03/93 4.0000 4.0000 16,954.95 701.74 2113 02/21/72 08/01/95 1.0000 1.0000 10,758.30 97.74 5217 05/25/66 05/02/94 3.0000 3.0000 17,019.53 514.03 6689 09/08/70 05/10/93 4.0000 4.0000 23,614.65 818.25 1086 01/29/60 05/19/94 3.0000 3.0000 14,439.33 476.48 1951 12/12/59 10/19/94 2.0000 2.0000 14,795.40 325.51 3872 09/06/61 05/07/94 3.0000 3.0000 12,834.65 423.55 5093 12/29/69 08/06/93 3.0000 3.0000 19,882.88 541.92 8423 09/12/64 02/08/93 4.0000 4.0000 36,549.16 1,471.87 8971 11/22/71 07/27/95 1.0000 1.0000 13,911.86 126.39 4323 06/15/60 04/05/93 4.0000 4.0000 17,510.70 770.46 7189 11/09/62 07/07/95 1.0000 1.0000 17,689.06 194.58 7260 07/28/61 05/14/94 3.0000 3.0000 14,028.75 462.95 8669 11/22/73 09/15/93 3.0000 3.0000 15,508.85 385.16 4164 09/26/57 02/06/95 2.0000 2.0000 18,521.74 407.49 5206 02/19/57 04/06/95 2.0000 2.0000 15,901.93 349.82 7369 08/14/72 07/13/95 1.0000 1.0000 17,328.65 153.69 8515 05/12/73 04/04/95 2.0000 2.0000 13,571.61 235.13 9120 09/14/63 09/08/94 2.0000 2.0000 13,203.00 290.45 9894 09/17/66 04/07/94 3.0000 3.0000 10,472.03 307.97 0673 05/27/69 05/12/94 3.0000 3.0000 20,616.24 575.97 5419 07/14/69 05/31/93 4.0000 4.0000 14,097.08 500.12 7989 09/16/61 02/20/95 2.0000 2.0000 55,368.00 1,218.10 8146 03/21/64 10/24/94 2.0000 2.0000 17,053.36 375.15 3029 12/05/73 04/18/95 2.0000 2.0000 15,527.59 262.88 3211 06/13/65 10/19/94 2.0000 2.0000 13,636.88 282.23 9048 10/24/66 10/10/94 2.0000 2.0000 16,778.11 337.80 0242 10/23/75 05/17/94 3.0000 3.0000 23,554.58 560.05 0767 05/26/67 09/25/95 1.0000 1.0000 11,356.30 117.52 7444 12/22/70 03/08/93 4.0000 4.0000 26,366.59 913.60 3313 11/21/63 08/09/93 3.0000 3.0000 21,995.36 702.24 5648 06/22/67 03/31/94 3.0000 3.0000 16,289.39 466.73 7817 06/01/67 08/13/93 3.0000 3.0000 23,313.07 685.61 3832 12/25/63 07/07/93 4.0000 4.0000 23,862.07 987.61 5454 07/28/64 05/31/93 3.0000 3.0000 13,604.12 422.28 7118 05/26/74 05/31/93 4.0000 4.0000 16,751.73 542.63 3128 08/01/37 04/05/93 4.0000 4.0000 16,341.44 653.66 4275 02/08/35 03/07/95 2.0000 2.0000 16,052.95 321.05 0483 08/24/75 07/05/93 3.0000 3.0000 20,119.56 478.38 7173 09/24/64 03/09/95 2.0000 2.0000 18,119.16 385.66 9543 07/21/64 05/14/94 3.0000 3.0000 13,346.30 414.27 1320 04/28/34 02/15/93 4.0000 4.0000 16,188.63 647.54 6809 06/11/68 12/07/93 3.0000 3.0000 27,007.75 754.53 4788 08/26/40 02/08/93 4.0000 4.0000 26,347.32 1,106.58 0654 05/08/70 05/24/93 4.0000 4.0000 16,410.10 582.18 9169 04/28/73 06/22/94 3.0000 3.0000 15,899.54 403.80 2320 11/12/72 05/17/94 3.0000 3.0000 16,831.66 427.47 6381 02/08/71 05/31/93 4.0000 4.0000 24,244.17 840.06 7387 09/16/75 05/27/94 3.0000 3.0000 12,308.91 292.66 6077 07/05/43 10/10/94 2.0000 2.0000 12,243.55 257.12 9972 02/21/43 04/05/93 4.0000 4.0000 13,155.36 552.53 2204 04/26/74 05/17/93 4.0000 4.0000 16,435.13 532.38 8923 01/17/42 04/05/93 4.0000 4.0000 13,979.10 587.11 1016 08/15/44 05/01/95 2.0000 2.0000 14,161.61 297.39 6906 05/27/44 10/17/95 1.0000 1.0000 16,259.30 170.72 8019 01/29/35 12/13/94 2.0000 2.0000 13,219.40 264.38 

E-31 LAST FOUR DIGITS OF SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER DATE OF BIRTH DATE OF HIRE 12/31/96 VESTING SERVICE 12/31/96 CREDITED SERVICE 12/31/96 FINAL AVERAGE EARNINGS ACCRUED BENEFIT 5199 11/09/41 06/21/93 4.0000 4.0000 16,944.40 711.65 5211 09/18/44 01/30/95 2.0000 2.0000 15,920.35 334.32 5238 09/19/44 05/31/93 4.0000 4.0000 17,311.45 727.07 5811 12/25/43 02/15/93 4.0000 4.0000 16,278.59 683.70 5925 05/05/43 05/10/93 4.0000 4.0000 18,047.28 757.99 7351 10/16/43 05/03/93 4.0000 4.0000 17,018.68 714.78 7363 06/08/43 07/14/93 3.0000 3.0000 15,766.87 496.66 8294 11/24/45 06/28/93 4.0000 4.0000 15,000.42 630.01 3310 10/19/74 07/07/93 3.0000 3.0000 17,618.61 428.03 3330 10/19/74 07/23/93 3.0000 3.0000 19,000.53 461.61 0336 11/16/45 08/01/94 2.0000 2.0000 30,131.00 632.75 1349 09/26/50 02/07/95 2.0000 2.0000 26,116.85 548.46 3398 12/19/52 02/15/93 4.0000 4.0000 17,048.43 716.03 4763 02/14/50 04/30/86 6.0000 6.0000 11,819.66 701.23 4506 03/03/49 09/28/94 2.0000 2.0000 13,046.43 273.97 0387 10/16/48 06/04/94 3.0000 3.0000 14,449.96 455.17 0463 08/20/50 08/23/94 2.0000 2.0000 13,964.88 293.27 0474 04/19/51 10/27/93 3.0000 3.0000 16,347.70 514.94 0985 02/08/52 02/15/93 4.0000 4.0000 21,258.89 892.89 1036 03/16/54 10/19/94 2.0000 2.0000 12,731.72 267.36 1111 02/07/38 06/28/93 4.0000 4.0000 13,960.51 586.34 1168 10/24/52 11/08/93 3.0000 3.0000 23,243.71 732.18 2396 12/20/48 05/03/93 4.0000 4.0000 16,753.56 703.66 6590 03/07/52 06/21/93 4.0000 4.0000 29,091.15 1,221.85 6642 07/06/51 05/24/94 3.0000 3.0000 26,753.36 842.70 5575 04/02/54 01/26/95 2.0000 2.0000 16,895.94 354.80 9434 05/30/60 02/01/90 7.0000 7.0000 44,081.57 2,812.83 5532 06/27/44 07/23/93 3.0000 3.0000 14,194.85 447.14 2249 07/29/48 02/08/93 4.0000 4.0000 29,774.94 1,250.57 3210 08/06/58 10/09/95 1.0000 1.0000 40,433.61 444.72 1698 04/19/75 10/18/94 2.0000 2.0000 10,994.83 182.01 0577 09/22/55 05/10/93 4.0000 4.0000 15,462.36 680.36 5738 08/22/69 07/07/93 3.0000 3.0000 14,332.99 390.66 7967 11/10/66 04/11/94 3.0000 3.0000 37,361.22 1,098.75 0456 07/11/52 03/08/93 4.0000 4.0000 15,982.01 671.24 1803 08/08/49 08/22/94 2.0000 2.0000 11,518.01 241.88 2068 08/14/53 02/15/93 4.0000 4.0000 19,425.25 815.88 2420 12/30/53 04/21/93 4.0000 4.0000 15,358.83 645.09 2255 01/09/53 03/21/95 2.0000 2.0000 13,545.71 284.47 7508 08/11/35 04/21/93 4.0000 4.0000 18,061.40 722.46 1673 10/10/49 08/06/93 2.0000 2.0000 12,739.87 272.00 5387 04/15/53 03/08/93 4.0000 4.0000 18,426.29 773.90 7320 10/25/55 02/22/93 4.0000 4.0000 28,654.38 1,260.82 2316 07/05/55 06/04/94 3.0000 3.0000 14,064.36 464.12 5075 04/15/56 09/28/94 2.0000 2.0000 14,584.24 320.84 1724 11/25/72 08/09/93 3.0000 3.0000 17,478.16 443.89 0913 12/02/51 05/03/93 4.0000 4.0000 15,974.18 670.93 7726 05/11/53 05/17/93 4.0000 4.0000 16,270.29 683.35 8088 01/16/53 11/06/95 1.0000 1.0000 18,039.33 189.39 9294 05/17/54 07/23/93 3.0000 3.0000 19,553.49 615.93 8720 09/23/59 04/11/83 7.0000 7.0000 26,020.97 1,686.80 0961 02/06/53 07/14/93 3.0000 3.0000 17,986.88 566.59 1801 02/01/52 05/03/93 4.0000 4.0000 21,999.79 924.01 4636 01/05/57 07/14/93 4.0000 4.0000 23,199.48 1,020.77 5351 04/16/57 06/27/95 2.0000 2.0000 17,049.78 375.07 0111 11/25/53 03/09/95 2.0000 2.0000 15,529.94 326.12 0112 04/27/56 07/05/95 2.0000 2.0000 21,727.00 477.97 0294 07/09/55 07/12/95 2.0000 2.0000 30,290.71 666.37 0480 08/02/53 04/12/94 3.0000 3.0000 14,340.92 451.74 0983 06/04/52 08/09/94 2.0000 2.0000 13,650.23 286.67 1288 12/31/52 02/08/93 4.0000 4.0000 23,786.68 999.04 2301 03/02/61 08/12/93 3.0000 3.0000 15,205.20 501.77 E-32 LAST FOUR DIGITS OF SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER DATE OF BIRTH DATE OF HIRE 12/31/96 VESTING SERVICE 12/31/96 CREDITED SERVICE 12/31/96 FINAL AVERAGE EARNINGS ACCRUED BENEFIT 0198 08/16/67 11/17/86 10.0000 10.0000 18,819.45 1,413.28 7471 04/17/42 04/21/93 4.0000 4.0000 24,154.83 1,014.49 8906 07/29/46 02/28/95 2.0000 2.0000 16,133.33 338.81 5392 10/22/65 11/21/94 2.0000 2.0000 16,431.56 340.07 0174 12/04/50 08/01/95 1.0000 1.0000 16,653.11 174.86 9757 01/28/54 02/15/93 4.0000 4.0000 16,406.18 689.08 2202 01/05/58 06/07/94 3.0000 3.0000 26,120.46 861.99 9160 12/30/68 10/20/94 2.0000 2.0000 14,730.69 281.38 2178 09/21/57 08/28/89 7.0000 7.0000 24,920.09 1,629.21 8996 11/09/52 12/20/94 2.0000 2.0000 15,817.69 332.18 6914 02/02/50 01/24/95 2.0000 2.0000 16,503.84 346.58 8838 02/20/55 11/22/94 2.0000 2.0000 14,353.93 315.79 2854 10/27/63 06/02/81 3.0000 3.0000 19,125.91 610.63 4987 08/23/65 04/18/95 2.0000 2.0000 13,114.56 271.42 9258 08/24/61 01/03/95 2.0000 2.0000 24,703.43 543.48 7578 03/24/50 11/28/95 1.0000 1.0000 18,586.22 195.15 1406 11/15/55 08/29/83 13.0000 10.0000 15,873.09 1,729.19 7430 06/19/56 08/11/92 4.0000 4.0000 15,328.01 652.15 1557 10/31/72 06/10/94 2.0000 2.0000 13,946.23 241.62 2453 01/20/70 11/22/94 1.0000 1.0000 12,225.93 116.77 1553 01/15/51 07/19/77 19.0000 19.0000 14,397.71 2,432.01 7849 03/17/45 07/06/87 10.0000 10.0000 26,879.08 2,622.01 6775 06/08/45 06/13/94 3.0000 3.0000 126,971.25 5,598.25 9648 12/08/62 12/18/95 1.0000 1.0000 54,306.74 597.37 1015 01/11/63 06/01/93 4.0000 4.0000 65,623.88 2,907.13 6395 06/17/75 06/07/95 2.0000 2.0000 16,290.66 263.85 5799 06/13/43 02/20/79 11.0000 10.0000 12,966.60 1,336.83 3871 04/08/59 05/14/94 3.0000 3.0000 18,604.40 613.95 8202 09/21/38 10/26/92 4.0000 4.0000 15,703.70 660.74 3984 10/01/57 09/17/84 12.0000 4.0000 97,915.31 5,254.94 9468 08/30/57 12/20/94 2.0000 2.0000 11,561.97 254.37 3617 12/06/70 05/06/94 3.0000 3.0000 14,668.76 390.30 1654 09/04/52 05/02/88 9.0000 9.0000 23,905.74 2,079.29 2345 05/31/52 11/29/93 3.0000 3.0000 20,808.99 655.46 3599 11/15/57 09/15/94 2.0000 2.0000 18,922.80 416.31 2194 09/03/57 02/18/85 12.0000 6.0000 71,306.90 5,088.72 7143 09/04/55 06/04/94 3.0000 3.0000 20,153.31 665.05 8743 08/31/62 07/11/88 7.0000 7.0000 55,593.20 3,628.62 1591 04/16/40 01/31/95 2.0000 2.0000 15,677.77 329.23 3169 07/07/36 08/11/75 21.3888 21.4166 24,023.55 4,918.62 5854 12/18/67 05/03/95 2.0000 2.0000 25,212.77 494.29 1281 03/07/58 05/19/92 4.0000 4.0000 10,169.93 444.58 0093 04/26/50 10/25/93 3.0000 3.0000 18,875.46 594.59 3265 04/19/51 03/26/90 7.0000 7.0000 24,410.51 1,593.29 0995 12/11/50 05/03/93 4.0000 4.0000 14,555.63 611.32 2413 11/10/55 06/21/93 4.0000 4.0000 16,960.23 746.26 6438 04/22/67 03/01/93 3.0000 3.0000 15,419.99 486.71 9077 10/04/40 06/21/77 20.0000 20.0000 38,528.31 7,371.44 9224 02/05/42 11/07/78 17.0000 17.0000 15,314.33 2,833.03 5415 02/14/56 02/27/90 7.0000 7.0000 27,292.25 2,074.73 5423 07/24/58 07/08/91 5.0000 5.0000 16,894.23 892.06 6423 10/26/50 02/09/72 24.8944 24.9166 48,664.53 8,701.38 3008 01/16/57 03/09/95 2.0000 2.0000 14,868.39 327.09 5683 08/22/51 05/31/95 2.0000 2.0000 24,290.52 510.11 6089 12/02/54 09/26/94 2.0000 2.0000 28,059.32 589.25 6911 12/29/74 10/31/94 2.0000 2.0000 14,836.71 245.61 9257 08/08/54 08/11/86 11.0000 11.0000 28,055.58 3,141.17 8516 09/19/39 08/01/77 18.0000 3.0000 14,716.48 463.57 3802 12/26/73 01/13/92 5.0000 5.0000 14,778.53 652.85 8863 05/12/45 01/31/83 14.0000 14.0000 13,643.64 1,930.04 7241 06/16/71 04/11/94 1.0000 1.0000 43,787.81 271.77 9063 08/19/68 01/24/94 3.0000 3.0000 20,896.30 583.79 

E-33 LAST FOUR DIGITS OF SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER DATE OF BIRTH DATE OF HIRE 12/31/96 VESTING SERVICE 12/31/96 CREDITED SERVICE 12/31/96 FINAL AVERAGE EARNINGS ACCRUED BENEFIT 2984 10/20/66 02/15/93 4.0000 4.0000 16,988.74 649.03 3221 06/18/69 09/11/89 7.0000 7.0000 20,975.70 1,009.01 7143 10/09/49 05/28/84 12.0000 12.0000 13,687.60 1,582.46 7731 11/12/59 08/08/89 7.0000 7.0000 32,658.00 2,180.38 3341 11/07/70 07/12/93 3.0000 3.0000 24,944.69 663.72 5292 07/29/62 01/19/94 3.0000 3.0000 14,539.69 479.84 0936 09/20/67 11/21/95 1.0000 1.0000 22,997.50 231.55 6376 07/04/50 11/09/81 15.0000 15.0000 20,570.28 3,021.94 9424 04/12/41 03/13/78 19.0000 19.0000 15,855.18 2,983.07 4233 01/07/56 09/28/94 2.0000 2.0000 20,309.87 446.80 4346 10/07/50 06/01/92 5.0000 5.0000 14,158.10 756.59 6393 05/16/36 07/31/89 7.0000 7.0000 58,664.90 5,307.13 2510 05/07/69 11/23/92 4.0000 4.0000 22,763.74 801.24 3043 04/13/70 02/10/93 4.0000 4.0000 25,154.72 892.41 8016 03/15/73 05/01/95 2.0000 2.0000 19,415.69 336.38 7714 09/06/68 04/17/95 2.0000 2.0000 17,499.46 334.27 8298 10/22/36 02/01/71 21.9166 21.9166 57,289.87 29,760.10 6574 06/11/74 04/25/94 3.0000 3.0000 21,404.64 520.01 1905 12/14/38 05/31/93 4.0000 4.0000 13,876.46 582.82 4782 05/15/67 11/03/94 2.0000 2.0000 21,272.61 428.29 3552 01/18/70 04/10/95 2.0000 2.0000 16,645.78 310.03 5531 07/08/75 01/30/95 2.0000 2.0000 13,279.58 215.08 1279 09/15/61 03/23/92 5.0000 5.0000 35,052.36 1,854.21 1142 10/06/53 06/19/78 19.0000 19.0000 17,513.80 3,005.53 3395 03/31/63 03/29/93 4.0000 4.0000 13,520.11 575.59 4577 02/12/39 10/01/81 15.0000 15.0000 19,726.36 2,890.40 5152 05/22/58 03/14/95 2.0000 2.0000 16,346.09 359.62 4609 10/07/39 02/11/75 19.8888 19.9166 13,063.46 2,633.38 2558 05/22/50 10/06/86 10.0000 10.0000 22,616.08 2,231.99 6458 12/13/51 06/23/86 11.0000 4.0000 50,756.98 2,131.83 2545 06/30/54 05/01/95 2.0000 2.0000 101,915.08 2,732.74 0164 05/10/66 07/22/91 6.0000 6.0000 24,101.59 1,289.86 0064 04/24/67 05/20/91 6.0000 6.0000 20,558.82 1,068.61 1250 08/16/46 03/22/94 3.0000 3.0000 14,974.69 471.71 6580 10/26/47 11/30/95 1.0000 1.0000 13,477.09 141.50 5165 01/19/68 02/08/93 4.0000 4.0000 27,347.63 1,018.70 2415 03/07/72 01/31/94 3.0000 3.0000 26,528.78 689.46 7417 08/11/71 03/16/95 2.0000 2.0000 13,169.03 233.60 9521 08/28/74 06/17/94 3.0000 3.0000 21,732.66 527.98 3419 10/10/58 04/07/86 10.0000 10.0000 37,101.50 3,008.22 6901 07/02/72 10/27/93 3.0000 3.0000 18,223.80 462.83 5036 05/08/66 08/15/94 3.0000 3.0000 24,079.92 887.67 4756 02/22/73 01/31/94 3.0000 3.0000 26,737.71 679.06 9865 04/12/69 05/08/95 2.0000 2.0000 10,032.05 191.63 7080 07/03/63 04/05/95 2.0000 2.0000 15,738.83 346.23 9116 03/27/64 06/08/92 5.0000 5.0000 12,994.25 661.83 7763 03/30/72 03/20/95 2.0000 2.0000 17,623.54 312.61 3128 03/17/68 10/24/94 2.0000 2.0000 22,666.69 444.37 4008 12/27/68 04/05/95 1.0000 1.0000 16,223.91 159.06 1631 04/08/70 04/25/94 3.0000 3.0000 27,361.38 745.76 8761 12/21/69 01/31/94 3.0000 3.0000 18,527.22 504.97 4074 09/09/60 05/23/95 2.0000 2.0000 18,900.80 415.84 8483 10/01/72 06/07/93 4.0000 4.0000 18,092.78 599.08 3581 08/27/72 09/27/93 3.0000 3.0000 14,626.64 400.19 0897 10/20/73 12/19/94 2.0000 2.0000 19,547.69 330.94 1767 09/08/69 10/02/95 1.0000 1.0000 24,914.16 237.95 E-34 DM_US 58902962-6.076961.0011 

F-1 SUPPLEMENT F Provisions Relating to Suspension of Benefits F-1. Purpose. Prior to August 1, 2015, the Plan provided for the suspension of benefits upon reemployment under certain circumstances. The purpose of this Supplement is to clarify that the payment of benefits to certain Participants who became reemployed by the Company (or the Sara Lee Corporation) because they were employed by an entity that the Company (or the Sara Lee Corporation) acquired would not be suspended following such acquisition. F-2. National Textiles. National Textiles L.L.C. became a Controlled Group Member on September 19, 2005 (the National Textiles Acquisition Date ). Any Participant who, on the National Textiles Acquisition Date, (1) was employed by Sara Lee Corporation and receiving a monthly benefit under the National Textiles, L.L.C. Pension Plan (the NTX Plan ), or (2) was employed by National Textiles L.L.C. and receiving a monthly benefit under the SLBA Benefits Part of the SLC Plan, shall continue receiving such monthly benefit notwithstanding any provision of the NTX Plan, the SLC Plan or the Plan (as applicable) to the contrary. F-3. Maidenform. Maidenform, Inc. became a Controlled Group Member on October 7, 2013 (the Maidenform Acquisition Date ). Any Participant who, on the Maidenform Acquisition Date (1) was employed by the Company and receiving a monthly benefit under the Maidenform LLC Retirement Plan (previously, the Maidenform, Inc. Retirement Plan and referred to herein as the Maidenform Plan ), or (2) was employed by Maidenform, Inc. and receiving a monthly benefit under the Plan, shall continue receiving such monthly benefit notwithstanding any provision of the Maidenform Plan or the Plan (as applicable) to the contrary. DM_US 58905623-6.076961.0011 G-1 SUPPLEMENT G Provisions Relating to the Merger of Pension Plan of Adams-Millis Corporation G-1. Introduction. As reflected in Supplement A to the Hanesbrands Inc. Pension Plan (the Plan ), effective as of the end of the day on December 31, 2005, certain assets and liabilities of the assets of the Sara Lee Consolidated Pension and Retirement Plan (the SLC Plan were transferred to this Plan, as described in subsection 1.1 of the Plan. Participation and benefit accrual under this Plan were frozen effective as of the beginning of the day on January 1, 2006, as described more fully in the Plan, and the following provisions of this Supplement are subject to, and are to be interpreted consistently with, that freezing of participation and benefits. Prior to June 30, 1996, Sara Lee Sock Company, formerly known as Adams-Millis Corporation Adams-Millis ), maintained the Pension Plan of Adams- Millis Corporation (the Adams-Millis Plan ). Effective as of June 30, 1996 (the Merger Date ), the Adams-Millis Plan was merged into the SLC Plan and eligible employees of Adams-Millis were eligible to accrue benefits under the terms of Supplement O of the SLC Plan (now Supplement E to this Plan). The purpose of this Supplement G is to set forth provisions relating to certain salaried employees of Sara Lee Sock Company/Adams-Millis Corporation (the Adams-Millis Salaried Employees ). This Supplement G is used in conjunction with the schedule to Supplement E (as described below) to determine the Plan benefit payable to Adams-Millis Salaried Employees. G-2. Participation. Certain Adams-Millis Salaried Employees (the A B Level Executives) were eligible to participate in the SLC Plan prior to the Merger Date, and the benefits of any such employee under the SLC Benefits Part of the SLC Plan shall thereafter continue to be determined in accordance with the applicable terms of the SLC Plan and the Plan without regard to this Supplement. Adams-Millis Salaried Employees who were not Participants in the SLC Plan prior to the Merger Date but who became Participants in the SLBA Benefits Part of the SLC Plan on the Merger Date became Participants in the SLC Benefits Part of the SLC Plan on January 1, 1997 (the Conversion Date ). After the Conversion Date, the eligibility of any Adams-Millis Salaried Employees to participate in the SLC Plan was determined under the SLC Benefits Part of the SLC Plan. Adams-Millis Salaried Employees described in the preceding two sentences who become Participants in the SLC Benefits Part of the SLC Plan are referred to herein as Adams-Millis Salaried Participants . G-3. Amount of Adams-Millis Salaried Participant s Benefit on or after Normal Retirement Date. At retirement under the Plan on or after Normal Retirement Date, an Adams-Millis Salaried Participant shall be entitled to a monthly benefit, payable in the single life annuity form, consisting of the sum of (a) and (b) below: (a) A monthly Pension Benefit determined in accordance with subsection 5.1 of the SLC Benefits Part of the SLC Plan from 

G-2 and after the Conversion Date; provided, however, that such Participant s Credited Service shall be limited to 35 years, reduced by the number of years of service recognized for benefit accrual purposes under the Adams-Millis Plan and the SLBA Benefits Part. For purposes of determining the number of years of service recognized for benefit accrual purposes under the Adams-Millis Plan, a special rule applies only to Adams-Millis Salaried Participants who had 24 or more years of service as of January 1, 1997 (Enhanced Service Participants). The years of service recognized for benefit accrual purposes under the Adams-Millis Plan for Enhanced Service Participants is determined by multiplying (i) the Enhanced Service Participant s years of actual credited service as of December 31, 1996 by (ii) the Enhanced Service Participant s years of credited service projected to age 65 (subject to a limit of 35 years), and by dividing the product of (i) and (ii) by the Enhanced Service Participant s years of credited service projected to age 65 (without a limit of 35 years). (b) An additional amount of monthly benefit (the Adams-Millis Benefit) determined under the schedule attached to and forming a part of Supplement E to the Plan. The Adams-Millis Benefit of all Adams-Millis Salaried Participants who were actively employed by the Corporation on June 30, 1999 shall be increased by 10 , which 10 increase shall not be reflected in the schedule attached to and forming a part of Supplement E to the Plan. The amount of each Adams-Millis Salaried Participant s Adams-Millis Benefit and years of service as of the Conversion Date is set forth on the schedule attached to and forming a part of Supplement E to the Plan; provided, however, if the Committee determines that any amount set forth in such schedule has been incorrectly calculated, for whatever reason, the correct amount shall be the amount payable or credited to such Participant, notwithstanding the inclusion of such incorrect amount on the schedule. Benefits that were being paid or were eligible to be paid to A B Level Executives from the SLBA Benefits Part of the SLC Plan prior to the Conversion Date shall be paid from the SLC Benefits Part of the SLC Plan and this Plan on and after the Conversion Date in the same manner and form as would have been paid under the SLBA Benefits Part subject to the terms of the Plan as modified by this Supplement G. G-4. Adams-Millis Salaried Participant s Benefit at Early Commencement Date. An Adams-Millis Salaried Participant shall be eligible to receive a monthly benefit under the Plan on account of retirement before Normal Retirement Date in accordance with subsection 4.3 or 4.5 of the Plan. However, if an Adams-Millis Salaried Participant s monthly benefit commences under subsection 4.5 before the Participant s Normal Retirement G-3 Date, the Participant s Adams-Millis Benefit shall be reduced for early commencement using the factors described in subsection 5.5 of the Plan and the Participant s Pension Benefit shall be reduced using the factors described in subsection 4.5 of the Plan. G-5. Adams-Millis Salaried Participant s Form of Payment. Subject to subsection 6.2 of the Plan, an Adams-Millis Salaried Participant s full benefit determined under paragraph G-3 shall be payable in any form otherwise available to a Plan Participant with a Pension Benefit, subject to the provisions of Section 6 of the Plan, except as follows: (a) An Adams-Millis Salaried Participant may elect to receive both his or her Adams-Millis Benefit and his or her Pension Benefit in the form of the Social Security Adjustment Option, as described in subparagraph 6.4(d) of the Plan, with an adjustment at age 62 or age 65 as elected by the Adams-Millis Salaried Participant, but only if such Participant is eligible for early retirement under subsection 4.3 of the Plan. If the Participant is considered a deferred vested participant under subsection 4.5 of the Plan, or if the Adams-Millis Salaried Participant is not entitled to a Pension Benefit, he or she may elect the Social Security Adjustment Option only with respect to his or her Adams-Millis Benefit, in which case the benefit shall be determined as described in subparagraph 6.4(d) of the Plan, but without regard to the last paragraph thereof and only with adjustment at age 65. (b) An Adams-Millis Salaried Participant who is considered a deferred vested participant pursuant to subsection 4.5 of the Plan may elect to receive payment of his or her Adams-Millis Benefit in the form of a 10-year period certain and life annuity (as described in subparagraph 6.4(a) of the Plan) and a 100 contingent annuitant option (as described in subparagraph 6.4(b) of the Plan) in addition to the forms of payment described in subsection 6.5 of the Plan and subparagraph (a) above. All optional forms of benefit shall be actuarially equivalent, determined using the actuarial factors in Table I or II, as applicable. If the Adams-Millis Salaried Participant is retiring on a Normal, Early or Late Retirement Date, he or she shall make a single election of the time and form of payment of his or her entire benefit payable under paragraph G-3. If the Adams- Millis Salaried Participant is considered a deferred vested participant under subsection 4.5 of the Plan, he or she may elect a form of payment and commencement date applicable to his or her Adams-Millis Benefit that differs from the form of payment and commencement date applicable to any other benefit payable under the Plan. G-6. Death Benefits. At an Adams-Millis Salaried Participant s death before payment of any benefit to which such Participant is entitled under the Plan and this 

G-4 Supplement, a death benefit, determined and payable in accordance with subsection 4.6 or 4.7, as applicable, of the Plan, and including such Participant s Adams-Millis Benefit, shall be payable to such Participant s surviving Spouse or beneficiary, as determined in accordance with subsection 4.6 or 4.7 of the Plan. G-7. Limitations. Except to the extent expressly provided herein, the benefits provided pursuant to this Supplement G for an Adams-Millis Salaried Participant on account of participation under the Adams-Millis Plan, the SLBA Benefits Part of the SLC Plan and the SLC Benefits Part of the SLC Plan are subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan. Unless specified otherwise, terms used in this Supplement G which are defined in the Plan shall have the same meanings as given them in the Plan. DM_US 58902914-6.076961.0011 H-1 SUPPLEMENT H Bases of Benefits Determined Under Section 4 of the Plan H-1. General. The provisions of this Supplement H set forth the bases for determining Participants Pension Benefits (if any) under Section 4 of the Plan. Notwithstanding any provision of this Supplement, no additional Pension Benefit (or any other benefits) shall accrue on or after the Effective Date and no period of service or compensation earned on or after the Effective Date shall be taken into account in determining the amount of any Participant s Pension Benefit. H-2. Definitions. Capitalized terms have the meaning provided under the Plan unless otherwise defined in this Supplement H. The following terms, when used in this Supplement H, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, shall have the following respective meanings: (a) The term Covered Group means a group or class of Employees to which the SLC Benefits Part of the Prior Plan was extended. (b) The term Employer means an entity that was an adopting employer under the Prior Plan. (c) The term Plan Year means, effective January 1, 2006, each 12-month period beginning on January 1 and ending on the next following December 31. It also means, relative to participation in the Prior Plan, effective as of January 1, 2003, each 12-month period beginning on January 1 and ending on the next following December 31; provided, however, that there was a Short Plan Year beginning on July 1, 2002 and ending December 31, 2002. Prior to July 1, 2002, the Plan Year was each 12- month period beginning on July 1 and ending on the next following June 30. The term Plan Year as applied to any provision of this Supplement shall include the Short Plan Year ending December 31, 2002, unless specifically indicated otherwise in the applicable provision. (d) The term Prior Plan means the Sara Lee Corporation Consolidated Pension and Retirement Plan. (e) The term Social Security Retirement Age means age 65 for those Participants born in 1937 or earlier; age 66 for those Participants born in 1938 through 1954 inclusive; and age 67 for those Participants born in 1955 or later. 

H-2 (f) The term Taxable Wage Base means, with respect to any calendar year, the maximum amount of earnings which may be considered as wages for such year under Section 3121(a)(1) of the Code. H-3. Credited Service. The term Credited Service means, for purposes of this Supplement only and except as provided below, a Participant s number of years and completed calendar months of employment with an Employer while a Participant, beginning on the date the Participant commences participation (or recommences participation) and ending on the last day of the calendar month in which such Participant s Separation Date occurs; provided each such completed calendar month and the month in which the Participant s Separation Date occurs shall constitute one-twelfth of a year of Credited Service. The following shall be excluded in determining a Participant s Credited Service: (a) Any period of employment with an Employer for which the Participant is not employed in a Covered Group, except as is otherwise specified in subparagraph (b) next below. (b) Any period of employment as a member of a group or class of Employees employed by an Employer (or any predecessor of an Employer) prior to the date as of which such group or class of Employees is designated as a Covered Group; except and to the extent that, at the time such group or class of Employees is designated as a Covered Group, provision shall be made for including any part or all of such period of employment in the Participant s Credited Service for purposes of this Supplement. (c) Any period of employment as a member of a group or class of Employees included in a collective bargaining unit covered by a collective bargaining agreement which excluded such Employees from participation in the Prior Plan. (d) Any Credited Service completed before a One Year Break in Service, but only if the following conditions are met: (i) At the time the One Year Break in Service is incurred, the Participant had no vested right to benefits under subsection 4.5 of the Plan; and (ii) If such Break occurred before July 1, 1985, the number of the Participant s consecutive One Year Breaks in Service equals or exceeds the Participant s number of Years of Service before the break; or H-3 (iii) If such Break occurs on or after July 1, 1985, the number of the Participant s consecutive One Year Breaks in Service equals or exceeds the greater of (A) the Participant s number of Years of Service before the break; or (B) five. (e) Any period of an Employee s or Participant s Credited Service before July 1, 1976 which would have been disregarded by the break in service rules of the Prior Plan, as those rules were in effect before that date, shall be disregarded for purposes of this Supplement. The records of the Employers with respect to a Participant s Credited Service shall be conclusive and binding on all persons unless determined to the Committee s satisfaction to be incorrect. H-4. Compensation. For purposes of this Supplement H, a Participant s Compensation means the total compensation paid to such Participant by an Employer for the period in reference (before giving effect to any reduction in such compensation on account of a salary reduction election made under a plan meeting the requirements of Sections 125, 129, 132(f)(4) or 401(k) of the Code), including salary, wages, hourly pay, overtime, shift differential, vacation pay, holiday pay, bonuses (including bonuses attributable to employment with the Employer that are paid to Participants after their termination of employment), commissions, payments made directly by the Employer to an Employee in lieu of salary, wages or other compensation during periods of absence. Compensation shall also include payments made indirectly by an Employer under the provisions of a temporary disability income plan sponsored by the Employers but shall not include any payments made pursuant to any state s worker s compensation or disability income statutes or any disability plan maintained by the Employers to provide payments for absences due to work-related disabilities or any long-term disability. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, Compensation shall not include any amount paid to a Participant by the Employer for any purpose after the calendar year in which the Participant s termination of employment occurs. Compensation shall not include deferred bonuses and all other forms of deferred compensation, all amounts paid as reimbursement of expenses (and for this purpose in the case of a Participant compensated by commission payments who does not receive separate reimbursement for expenses incurred by such Participant, 20 percent of such commission shall be deemed to constitute reimbursement for expenses and shall be excluded from such Participant s Compensation), amounts paid as severance or termination pay, moving expenses, prizes and awards, referral bonuses, amounts paid by an Employer solely by reason of the satisfaction by an Employer of a contractual commitment made to a Participant by an operation acquired by an Employer, all Employer contributions made under this Plan or any other employee benefit plan, all amounts of imputed income considered to have been received by a Participant (including, but not limited to, imputed income by reason of coverage under an Employer-sponsored group term life insurance plan or other employee 

H-4 welfare or fringe benefit plan, or the exercise of a stock option under an Employer s stock option plan, or the use of an automobile). Compensation for any Plan Year shall not include amounts in excess of the applicable limit under Code Section 401(a)(17)(B) (as adjusted for cost-of-living increases), which limit shall also be applied for Plan Years beginning before July 1, 2002 for purposes of determining benefit accruals in subsequent Plan Years. A Participant s Compensation as defined above shall mean only compensation paid by an Employer. Except for amounts earned under a deferred compensation agreement with the Employers, compensation shall be deemed paid in the calendar year in which it is reportable on Form W-2 (or a corresponding form later prescribed for federal income tax withholding purposes). Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this paragraph H-4, effective July 1, 1995, Compensation for Participants other than highly compensated employees (as defined in Section 414(q) of the Code) shall include all deferred bonuses and other forms of deferred compensation when such amounts are initially deferred. H-5. Final Monthly Compensation. The term Final Monthly Compensation of a Participant means the applicable one of the following: (a) If the number of completed consecutive calendar years included in the Participant s period of Credited Service is five or more, the greater of: (i) The monthly average of the Compensation paid to the Participant during the five consecutive calendar years (exclusive of any calendar year during which a Participant receives no Compensation) included within the Participant s period of Credited Service for which the Participant s Compensation was the highest within the last ten such consecutive calendar years immediately preceding such Participant s Retirement Date or earlier termination of employment; or (ii) The monthly average of the Compensation paid to the Participant during the five consecutive calendar years included within the Participant s period of Credited Service which include the calendar year in which such Participant s Retirement Date or earlier termination of employment occurs, and for this purpose, a Participant shall be deemed to have been H-5 employed by an Employer for 12 months in the calendar year in which such Retirement Date or termination of employment occurs. (b) If the number of completed consecutive calendar years included in the Participant s period of Credited Service is less than five and the number of completed calendar months included in the Participant s period of Credited Service is 60 or less, the monthly average of the Compensation paid to the Participant during the entire period of the Participant s Credited Service. (c) If the number of completed consecutive calendar years in the Participant s period of Credited Service is less than five and the number of completed calendar months in the Participant s period of Credited Service is more than 60, the greater of: (i) the monthly average of the Compensation paid to the Participant during the period beginning with the first calendar month included in the Participant s period of Credited Service and ending with the last completed calendar year during such period; or (ii) the monthly average of the Compensation paid to the Participant during the five calendar years which include the calendar year in which such Participant s Retirement Date or earlier termination of employment occurs. (d) In case of Total Disability, a Participant is assumed to have continued to receive Compensation (exclusive of bonuses) at the same rate as in effect immediately prior to the date his or her active employment ceased because of Total Disability until the date he or she commences Pension Benefit payments provided that in the case of a Participant compensated by commission, he or she is assumed to have continued to receive Compensation (exclusive of bonuses) until the date he or she commences Pension Benefit payments at the rate which is the average of the immediately preceding three full consecutive years of Compensation received by the Participant prior to the date such Participant s active employment ceased on account of becoming Total Disabled. H-6. Final 3-Year Monthly Compensation. The term Final 3-Year Monthly Compensation shall mean the monthly average of a Participant s Compensation determined in the same manner as a Participant s Final Monthly Compensation under subsection H-5 

H-6 except that in determining such Final 3-Year Monthly Compensation, the three-consecutive- calendar-year period immediately preceding Participant s Retirement Date or earlier termination of employment, shall be substituted for the five-calendar-year and 60-calendar- month periods described in subsection H-5 and Compensation in excess of the Taxable Wage Base for any such year or portion thereof shall be disregarded. H-7. Covered Compensation. The term Covered Compensation means the average of the Taxable Wage Bases in effect for each calendar year during the 35 year period ending with the calendar year in which the Participant attains his or her Social Security Retirement Age. In determining a Participant s Covered Compensation for any year, the Taxable Wage Base for any year subsequent to the year of determination shall be assumed to be the same as the Taxable Wage Base in effect for the year of determination. A Participant s Covered Compensation for any year after the 35 year period described above is the Covered Compensation for the year in which the Participant s Social Security Retirement Age was attained. A Participant s Covered Compensation for any year before the 35 year period described above is the Taxable Wage Base for such year. H-8. Minimum Pension Benefit. In the case of an active Participant who was a Participant and in the active employ of an Employer on June 30, 1989 and subject to Section 8 of the Plan, the amount of such Participant s pension payable under this Supplement in the form of a monthly pension during the Participant s lifetime only shall not be less than the greater of the amount determined in accordance with (a) or (b) below: (a) An amount of monthly pension determined as provided in subsection 4.2 of the Plan, but by substituting for the amount determined under subparagraph 4.2(a) an amount equal to the excess, if any, of: (i) 2.5 of the Participant s Final Monthly Compensation, multiplied by such Participant s number of years of Credited Service not in excess of 20 years, plus 1 of the Participant s Final Monthly Compensation, multiplied by such Participant s number of years of Credited Service in excess of 20 years, but not in excess of 35 years, over (ii) A monthly amount payable during the Participant s life only which is the Actuarial Equivalent (determined in accordance with subsection 2.1 of the Plan, except that the interest rate shall be 9.5 per annum) to the accumulated value of: (A) Assumed contributions at the end of each calendar year (exclusive H-7 of any calendar year for which a Totally Disabled Participant is assumed to have received Compensation as described in paragraph H-5) beginning with 1989 equal to 0.875 of the Participant s Compensation for 1989 plus 1.75 of the Participant s Compensation for each subsequent calendar year up to and including the year in which the Participant attains Normal Retirement Age, or, if later, the year in which the Participant actually retires, assuming, in the case of a Participant who incurs a termination of employment with all Employers before attaining Normal Retirement Age and who does not again become employed by an Employer before Normal Retirement Age, that such Participant would have continued to receive Compensation until the Participant s Normal Retirement Date during each calendar year beginning with the calendar year in which such termination of employment occurs, in an amount equal to the amount of Compensation received by such Participant for the calendar year preceding the calendar year in which such termination of employment occurs, and for the calendar year in which such Participant s Normal Retirement Date occurs in an amount equal to 1/12 of the amount of such Compensation for each month prior to such Participant s Normal Retirement Date, plus (B) Assumed investment earnings on such contributions at the rate of 

H-8 9.5 per annum compounded annually until the Participant s Normal Retirement Date or, if later, the date on which the Participant actually retires. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Participant incurs a termination of employment before the Participant s Normal Retirement Date, the amount determined under clause (ii) above shall be multiplied by a fraction no greater than one, the numerator of which shall be the Participant s number of years of Credited Service credited for the period beginning July 1, 1989 and ending with the date of the Participant s termination of employment and the denominator of which shall be the number of years of Credited Service which would have been credited to the Participant for the period beginning July 1, 1989 and ending with the Participant s Normal Retirement Date. (b) The amount of monthly pension payable to the Participant in the normal form under the provisions of the Prior Plan as in effect immediately prior to July 1, 1989 determined based on the assumption that such Participant s Final Monthly Compensation, Credited Service and other applicable factors did not change after that date. DM_US 58905749-5.076961.0011 I-1 SUPPLEMENT I Bases of Benefits Determined Under Section 5 of the Plan I-1. General. The provisions of this Supplement I set forth the bases for determining Participants Retirement Benefits (if any) under Section 5 of the Plan. Notwithstanding any provision of this Supplement, no additional Retirement Benefit (or any other benefits) shall accrue on or after the Effective Date and no period of service or compensation earned on or after the Effective Date shall be taken into account in determining the amount of any Participant s Retirement Benefit. I-2. Definitions. Capitalized terms have the meaning provided under the Plan unless otherwise defined in this Supplement I. The following terms, when used in this Part, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, shall have the following respective meanings: (a) The term Company means Hanesbrands Inc., a Maryland corporation, or for periods on and prior to December 31, 2005 means Sara Lee Corporation, a Maryland corporation. (b) The term Covered Compensation has the meaning defined in paragraph H-7 of Supplement H to the Plan. (c) The term Covered Group means a group or class of Employees to which the SLBA Benefits Part of the Prior Plan was extended. (d) The term Employer means an entity that was an adopting employer under the Prior Plan. (e) The term Plan Year has the meaning defined in subparagraph H-2(c) of Supplement H to the Plan. (f) The term Prior Plan has the meaning defined in subparagraph H-2(d) of Supplement H to the Plan. (g) The term Taxable Wage Base has the meaning defined in subparagraph H-2(f) of Supplement H to the Plan. I-3. Normal Retirement Benefit. Subject to Section 8 of the Plan, the amount of monthly Retirement Benefit payable to a Participant who retires on a Normal Retirement Date shall be an amount equal to one-twelfth of the sum of the Participant s Past Service Benefit and the Participant s Future Service Benefit. A Participant s Past Service Benefit means the sum of (a), (b), (c) and (d) below: 

I-2 (a) The greatest of the following: (i) If the Participant was covered by the Retirement Plan for Salaried Employees of Hanes Corporation (the predecessor salaried plan on January 1, 1973 and was exempt from coverage under the wage and hour provisions of the Fair Labor Standards Act on that date, his or her accrued benefit under the Sara Lee Corporation Consumer Personal Products Retirement Plan (the PP Plan as of June 30, 1985 based on the benefit formula specified in paragraph 5(d)(i) of the predecessor salaried plan. (ii) An amount equal to: (A) One and one half percent of the Participant s Career Average Earnings multiplied by the number of his or her years (including fractional years) of projected Credited Service (not to exceed forty years unless the Participant had more than 40 years of Credited Service as of July 1, 1985); less (B) One sixtieth of his or her Primary Social Security Benefit based on the Social Security Act as in effect on June 30, 1985, multiplied by the number of his or her years (including fractional years) of projected Credited Service (not to exceed thirty such years); multiplied by (C) A fraction, the numerator of which is the total number of the Participant s completed years and months of Credited Service as of July 1, 1985 (not to exceed forty such years) and the denominator of which is the Participant s projected Credited Service. I-3 (iii) The Participant s accrued benefit under the predecessor salaried plan or the Retirement Plan for Hourly and Piece Rate Employees of Hanes Corporation (whichever plan applies in the Participant s case) as of December 31, 1977, and (iv) The Participant s accrued benefit under the PP Plan as of June 30, 1985. (b) For each whole or partial calendar year after June 30, 1985 but prior to July 1, 1989, an amount equal to .9 percent of his or her Compensation for the prior calendar year not in excess of the Taxable Wage Base for such year plus 2.2 percent of his or her Compensation in excess of such Taxable Wage Base multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the Participant s total number of completed months of Credited Service during the year and the denominator of which is twelve. (c) For each whole or partial calendar year after June 30, 1989, but prior to July 1, 1992 (not to exceed a maximum number of years that equals 35 less the number of years taken into account under I-3(a) and (b) above), an amount equal to .9 percent of his or her Compensation for the prior calendar year not in excess of the Participant s Covered Compensation for such year plus 1.45 percent of his or her Compensation for the prior calendar year in excess of the Participant s Covered Compensation for such year multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the Participant s total number of completed months of Credited Service for the whole or partial year and the denominator of which is 12. (d) For each whole or partial calendar year after June 30, 1989 but prior to July 1, 1992 (disregarding service credited under I-3(c) above) which, when added to the years of service taken into account under I-3(a), (b) and (c) above, exceeds the greater of 35 or the number of whole years taken into account under I-3(a) and (b) above, an amount equal to .9 percent of his or her Compensation for the prior calendar year multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the Participant s total number of completed months of Credited Service for the whole or partial year and the denominator of which is 12. In the case of a Participant who was actively employed by a Controlled Group Member on July 1, 1989, that portion of the Participant s Past Service Benefit specified in (a) and (b) above shall be increased by 10 percent. In the case of a Participant who was actively employed by a Controlled Group Member on July 1, 1992, the Participant s Past Service 

I-4 Benefit as described in (a), (b) (after applying any increase for which such Participant is eligible pursuant to the preceding sentence), (c) and (d) above shall be increased by 10 percent. A Participant s Future Service Benefit shall mean the sum of (e), (f) and (g) below: (e) For each whole or partial calendar year after June 30, 1992, but prior to July 1, 1993 (not to exceed a maximum number of years that equals 35 less the number of years taken into account under I-3(a), (b) and (c) above), an amount equal to .9 percent of his or her Compensation for the prior calendar year not in excess of the Participant s Covered Compensation for such year plus 1.45 percent of his or her Compensation for the prior calendar year in excess of the Participant s Covered Compensation for such year multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the Participant s total number of completed months of Credited Service for the whole or partial year and the denominator of which is 12. (f) For each whole or partial calendar year after June 30, 1992 but prior to July 1, 1993 (disregarding service credited under I-3(e) above) which, when added to the number of years taken into account under subparagraph I-3(a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) above exceeds the greater of 35 or the number of whole years taken into account under I-3(a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) above, an amount equal to .9 percent of his or her Compensation for the prior calendar year multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the Participant s total number of completed months of Credited Service for the whole or partial year and the denominator of which is 12. (g) For whole or partial calendar year on or after July 1, 1993, 1.25 percent of his or her Compensation for the prior calendar year multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the Participant s total number of completed months of Credited Service for the whole or partial year and the denominator of which is 12. In the case of a Participant who was actively employed by a Controlled Group Member on July 1, 1995, the Participant s monthly retirement income attributable to service completed before July 1, 1995, determined under this subsection I-3 (including the special rules contained in the two sentences immediately following subparagraph I-3(d)) shall be increased by 10 percent. In the case of a Participant who was actively employed by a Controlled Group Member on June 30, 1999, the Participant s monthly retirement income attributable to service completed through June 30, 1999, determined under this subsection I-3 (including the special I-5 rules contained in the two sentences immediately following subparagraph I-3(d) and the first sentence immediately following subparagraph I-3(g)) shall be increased by 10 percent. A Participant s accrued benefits under another plan which merged into the Prior Plan shall be eligible for each 10 percent benefit increase described in this subsection if such accrued benefits were held in the Prior Plan on the date of such increase. I-4. Credited Service. A Participant Credited Service shall mean, for purposes of this Supplement only and except as provided below, the Participant s number of years and completed calendar months of employment with an Employer, beginning on the date the Participant enters service (or reenters service) and ending on the last day of the calendar month in which such Participant s Separation Date occurs; provided, that each such completed calendar month and the month in which the Participant s Separation Date occurs shall constitute one-twelfth of a year credited service; and provided further, that the foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall be subject to the following rules: (a) An Employee shall be deemed to enter service on the date he or she first completes an Hour of Service. (b) An Employee shall be deemed to reenter service on the date following a Separation Date when he or she again completes an Hour of Service. (c) An Employee shall be deemed to have continued in service (and thus not to have incurred a Separation Date) for the following periods: (i) Any period for which he or she shall be required to be given credit for service under any laws of the United States; and (ii) The period (referred to herein as medical leave during which he or she suffers from a condition resulting from injury or illness which: (A) results in such Participant s entitlement to and receipt of monthly disability insurance benefits under the federal Social Security Act; or (B) results in such Participant s entitlement to and receipt of (or would result in receipt of but for any applicable benefit waiting period) disability income benefits under a disability income plan 

I-6 maintained or adopted by such Participant s Employer. Such period shall end with the earliest of the date of his or her death, his or her Separation Date, or the date entitlement to benefits under subparagraph I-4(c)(ii)(A) or (B) ends, and shall in no event last longer than five years. (d) Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Supplement I, a Participant s Credited Service shall not include: (i) any period of the Participant s service during which he or she is not a member of a Covered Group, and (ii) any service with a Controlled Group Member while such Controlled Group Member was not an Employer under the Prior Plan. (e) For purposes of this Supplement a Participant s projected Credited Service shall mean the years and months of Credited Service the Participant would have at his or her Normal Retirement Date assuming he or she continued in covered employment under this Supplement to such date, or the Participant s years of Credited Service as of June 30, 1985 if he or she had attained his or her Normal Retirement Age as of that date. (f) If an Employee shall be absent from work because he quits, is discharged, or retires and he reenters service before the first anniversary of the date of such absence, such date shall not constitute a Separation Date and the period of such absence shall be included as Credited Service. (g) Credited Service shall include certain predecessor services as determined under applicable provisions of the Prior Plan. I-5. Compensation. For purposes of this Supplement I, a Participant s Compensation means the total compensation paid to such Participant by an Employer for the period in reference (before giving effect to any reduction in such compensation on account of a salary reduction election made under a plan meeting the requirements of Sections 125, 129, 132(f)(4) or 401(k) of the Code), including salary, wages, hourly pay, overtime, shift differential, vacation pay, holiday pay, bonuses (including bonuses attributable to employment with the Employer that are paid to Participants after their termination of employment), commissions, payments made directly by the Employer to an Employee in lieu I-7 of salary, wages or other compensation during periods of absence. Compensation shall also include payments made indirectly by an Employer under the provisions of a temporary disability income plan sponsored by the Employers but shall not include any payments made pursuant to any state s worker s compensation or disability income statutes or any disability plan maintained by the Employers to provide payments for absences due to work-related disabilities or any long-term disability. Compensation shall not include deferred bonuses and all other forms of deferred compensation, all amounts paid as reimbursement of expenses, amounts paid as severance or termination pay, moving expenses, prizes and awards, referral bonuses, amounts paid by an Employer solely by reason of the satisfaction by an Employer of a contractual commitment made to a Participant by an operation acquired by an Employer, all Employer contributions made under this Plan or any other employee benefit plan, all amounts of imputed income considered to have been received by a Participant (including, but not limited to, imputed income by reason of coverage under an Employer-sponsored group term life insurance plan or other employee welfare or fringe benefit plan, or the exercise of a stock option under an Employer s stock option plan, or the use of an automobile). A Participant s Compensation as defined above shall mean only compensation paid by an Employer. Except for amounts earned under a deferred compensation agreement with the Employers, compensation shall be deemed paid in the calendar year in which it is reportable on Form W-2 (or a corresponding form later prescribed for federal income tax withholding purposes). For purposes of calculating a Participant s Future Service Benefit, in the first and second year of employment (or reemployment after a one year break in service) or the year in which the SLBA Part of the Prior Plan has been initially extended by the Employer, the Participant s compensation for the prior calendar year shall mean his or her Annualized Pay (as defined in paragraph I-6 of this Supplement) for the first calendar year in which he is employed or reemployed or covered by the SLBA Part of the Prior Plan. Effective for Plan Years beginning after June 30, 2002, Compensation for any Play Year shall not include amounts in excess of the applicable limit under Code Section 401(a)(17(B) (as adjusted for the cost-of-living increases); provided, however, that for calendar years 1994 through and including 2001, Compensation shall not include compensation for any calendar year in excess of 150,000 (as adjusted for the cost-of-living increases in accordance with Section 401(a)(17)(B) of the Code). Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this subparagraph I-5, effective July 1, 1989, amounts earned after that date while in service under a deferred compensation agreement with the Employers shall be included in a Participant s Compensation in the year such compensation is paid, provided it is paid prior to January 1, 2003. Notwithstanding the foregoing, effective January 1, 2003, Compensation for Participants other than highly compensated employees (as defined in Section 414(q) of the Code) shall include all deferred bonuses and other forms of deferred compensation when such amounts are initially deferred. Further, for Participants other than highly compensated employees, amounts previously 

I-8 deferred after June 30, 1989 but not yet paid as of December 31, 2002 shall be recognized as Compensation on December 31, 2002. I-6. Annualized Pay. A Participant s Annualized Pay for any calendar year shall mean the amount of compensation he or she would have received for that year had he or she received compensation for the entire year at the basic straight time rate of compensation that was in effect with respect to the Participant at the end of the prior calendar year. I-7. Career Average Earnings. In determining a Participant s Career Average Earnings, the following rules shall apply: (a) A Participant s Career Average Earnings shall mean: (i) the product of the Participant s Compensation for the calendar year ended December 31, 1984 multiplied by the number of the Participant s completed calendar years of service from January 1, 1985 to the December 31 next preceding his or her Normal or Late Retirement Date, plus (ii) the Participant s updated average compensation (as defined below) multiplied by his or her number of completed calendar years of service as of December 31, 1984 (not to exceed the number of years which equals 40 less the number of calendar years of service used in the calculation under (a)(i) next above), divided by (iii) the number of completed calendar years of service used for the calculations in (i) and (ii) next above. (b) A Participant s updated average compensation shall mean the aggregate of his or her yearly pay from January 1, 1980 to January 1, 1985 divided by five; provided, however with respect to all Participants other than Participants who were hired prior to January 1, 1984 and who are part-time, temporary or exempt Employees, for each such calendar year such Participant s yearly pay shall be the greater of his or her Compensation for such calendar year or his or her Annualized Pay under paragraph I-6 above for such year. (c) For purposes of subparagraph I-6(a)(i) above: (i) with respect to a Participant who was hired during 1984, or rehired during I-9 1984 after incurring a one year break in service, Compensation for the calendar year ended December 31, 1984 shall mean his or her Annualized Pay for 1984; (ii) with respect to a Participant who was hired or rehired between January 1, 1985 and July 1, 1985 Compensation for the calendar year ended December 31, 1984 shall mean his or her Annualized Pay for 1985; and (iii) with respect to a year in which a Participant does not receive any compensation, his or her Compensation for such year shall equal his or her Compensation for the most immediate preceding year in which he or she received compensation. (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this subparagraph I-6, for purposes of determining a Participant s Career Average Earnings, neither (i) any of the compensation received by the Participant during a period of his or her service excluded from his or her Credited Service pursuant to subparagraph I-4 for purposes of determining the amount of his or her retirement benefit or deferred vested benefit; nor (ii) the period of any such service, shall be taken into account. (e) For purposes of determining the Participant s benefit under this Supplement, a Participant s Career Average Earnings shall be calculated as the sum of his or her updated average compensation (as defined in subparagraph I-6(b) above) plus a level projection of earnings from December 31, 1984 to the Participant s Normal Retirement Date (but in no event shall the considered earnings be less than 7,000). I-8. Primary Social Security Benefit. A Participant s Primary Social Security Benefit shall mean the estimated annual primary insurance amount to which the Participant is entitled at his or her Normal Retirement Date under the Social Security Act assuming he or she received compensation from the Employers from January 1, 1985 to his or her Normal Retirement Date at an annual rate equal to his or her 1984 Compensation; provided that, in no event shall the Participant s 1984 Compensation for this purpose be considered to be less than 7,000. Except as otherwise provided below, a Participant s Primary Social Security Benefit shall be determined by estimating the Participant s entire salary history for 1984 and prior years. In estimating the Participant s salary history prior to January 1, 1985, the Committee shall use a salary scale which reflects the actual change in average wages from year to year as determined by the Social Security Administration. A Participant s salary history shall not be estimated if, prior to the date the Participant s benefits 

I-10 become payable hereunder, the Participant supplies the Committee with an actual salary history. The Plan shall give notice to each Participant of his or her right to supply an actual salary history to the Committee and the financial consequences of failing to supply such a history. Such notice shall be given upon each Participant s separation from service. The applicable portion of a Participant s Primary Social Security Benefit, as determined above, shall be deducted in determining his or her benefits under the Plan even though he or she may not be receiving or be entitled to receive Social Security benefits because of his or her failure to apply for them, or his or her entry into or continuance in covered employment or otherwise. I-9. Minimum Retirement Benefits. In no event shall the annual retirement income of a Participant who retires on a Normal or Late Retirement Date with at least five years of Credited Service or retires on an Early Retirement Date be less than an amount equal to 480 multiplied by a fraction (not to exceed 1.0) the numerator of which is the total number of the Participant s completed years and months of Credited Service as of his or her Normal, Late or Early Retirement Date and the denominator of which is the lesser of 20 or the Participant s projected Credited Service; provided that if the Participant retires on an Early Retirement Date with less than 20 years of Credited Service and elects an early commencement, such minimum benefit shall be reduced by the appropriate early commencement factors to reflect the Participant s younger age and the earlier commencement of his or her benefits. DM_US 58905833-5.076961.0011 J-1 SUPPLEMENT J Provisions Relating to the Merger of the Playtex Apparel Pension Plan J-1. Introduction. The Playtex Apparel Pension Plan (the Playtex Plan was established effective January 1, 1989 and was originally maintained by Playtex Apparel, Inc. Playtex ). Effective as of January 1, 2006, sponsorship of the Playtex Plan was assumed by Hanesbrands Inc. Effective upon the close of business on August 31, 2009 (the Merger Date ), the Playtex Plan was merged into, and continued in the form of, the Plan, subject to the terms and provisions of this Supplement J and the Plan. The purpose of this Supplement is to set forth provisions relating to former participants in the Playtex Plan. J-2. Participation. Subject to the conditions and limitations of this Plan, each participant in the Playtex Plan on August 31, 2009 became a Participant in this Plan as of August 31, 2009. The following three groups of employees or former employees are participants in the Playtex Plan: (a) Participants at the Playtex Facility in Newnan, Georgia. Hourly employees employed at the Playtex facility in Newnan, Georgia Newnan Participants were eligible to participate in the Playtex Plan before July 1, 1993, subject to applicable eligibility rules set forth in the Playtex Plan. However, on and after that date, all Newnan Participants ceased benefit accruals and no new employees at the Newnan facility were eligible to become participants. (b) Participants at the Playtex Facility in Dover, Delaware. Hourly employees formerly employed at the Playtex facility in Dover, Delaware Dover Participants were eligible to participate in the Playtex Plan before January 1, 2003, subject to applicable eligibility rules set forth in the Playtex Plan. However, on and after that date, all Dover Participants ceased benefit accruals and no new employees at the Dover facility were eligible to become participants. (c) Playtex Dorado Participants. Each individual who was employed by Playtex Dorado Corporation in Puerto Rico Playtex Dorado on an hourly basis as a production, office, technical or supervision employee on June 30, 1993, who was not on temporary or permanent layoff on that date, and who had completed one Year of Continuous Service on that date (a Playtex Dorado Participant ), became a participant in the Playtex Plan on that date. No other employee of Playtex Dorado was eligible to become a participant in the Playtex Plan. 

J-2 The Participants described above in this paragraph are referred to in this Supplement as Playtex Participants. J-3. Year of Credited Service. For purposes of determining benefits under this Supplement J, a Year of Credited Service means, on and after January 1, 1976, any calendar year in which the Playtex Participant completed 1,000 or more Hours of Service, subject to the following rules: (a) If the Playtex Participant retires on or after his or her Normal Retirement Date, or if the Participant dies, he or she shall receive a pro- rated Year of Credited Service in the year of retirement or death. (b) Years of Credited Service shall not be granted for any periods during which the Playtex Participant (i) was an active participant in and entitled to share currently in any contributions made to any profit- sharing plan maintained by Playtex (other than the Playtex Apparel, Inc. Hourly Employee Retirement Plan); or (ii) was entitled to receive credited service as a member of any other defined benefit pension plan maintained by Playtex or any predecessor affiliated company. (c) Credited Service shall continue to be increased during: (i) A period of temporary layoff not exceeding 12 consecutive months; (ii) A leave of absence authorized by a company participating in the Playtex Plan; (iii) Military service in the armed forces of the United States rendered in time of war, emergency or pursuant to a national conscription law (excluding periods of voluntary reenlistment not affected during time of war or national emergency), provided the Playtex Participant shall return to active employment with a company participating in the Playtex Plan within 90 days (or prior to the expiration of reemployment rights granted by law, if longer) after completion of such military service. (d) Credited Service shall be preserved but shall not be increased during: (i) Military service in the armed forces of the United States other than as provided in subparagraph J-3(c)(iii) above; (ii) Periods while the Playtex Participant is not in the employ of a company participating in the Playtex Plan, but is an employee of any other affiliated company; J-3 (iii) Periods while the Playtex Participant is an employee of a company participating in the Playtex Plan, but does not come within the definition of the term Employee as set forth in the Playtex Plan; (iv) Disability; and (v) Periods of maternity or paternity leave which do not result in Breaks in Service. (e) On and after July 1, 1993, Newnan Participants were not eligible to accrue additional Years of Credited Service. (f) On and after January 1, 2003, Dover Participants were not eligible to accrue additional Years of Credited Service. (g) A Playtex Dorado Participant s Years of Credited Service shall include Continuous Service prior to July 1, 1993; provided, however, that no Years of Credited Service in excess of ten shall be allowed. Except as provided in subparagraph (d) above, however, effective for Plan Years beginning on and after January 1, 2015, Years of Credited Service for Playtex Dorado Participants shall have the same meaning as Years of Service as described in subsection 2.33 of the Plan. For years prior to January 1, 1976, a Year of Credited Service shall mean, except as provided in subparagraphs (c) and (d) above, the number of full years and full months of Continuous Service beginning on the first day of the month following or coinciding with the start of Continuous Service, but not after the Normal Retirement Date, counting as a full month any month during which regular full-time services were rendered. For purposes of this Plan, Continuous Service for years prior to January 1, 1976 shall include (i) Continuous Service as a regular full-time employee of any company participating in the Playtex Plan immediately prior to becoming a participant in the Playtex Plan, and (ii) Continuous Service as an employee after becoming a participant of the Playtex Plan. J-4. Year of Continuous Service. For purposes of determining whether a Playtex Participant has a vested right to benefits under the Plan, a Year of Continuous Service shall mean each calendar year in which the Employee has completed 1,000 Hours of Service. For this purpose and subject to applicable provisions of the Playtex Plan, Years of Continuous Service shall include Continuous Service at any time as an employee of a Controlled Group Member on or after January 1, 1989, employment prior to January 1, 1989 with Playtex Family Products Corporation for those employees eligible to participate in the Playtex Plan on January 1, 1989, or as an employee of a company whose stock or all or part of whose assets are acquired by a Controlled Group Member, provided that upon such acquisition the Employee became an employee of a Controlled Group Member. Years of Continuous Service shall be increased during the periods specified in subparagraphs J-3(c) and (d) above. If a Playtex Participant dies while performing qualified military service 

J-4 (within the meaning of Section 414(u)(5) of the Code), such Playtex Participant shall be credited with Years of Continuous Service for the period of his or her qualified military service for vesting purposes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, effective for Plan Years beginning on and after January 1, 2015, Years of Continuous Service shall have the same meaning as Years of Service as defined in subsection 2.33 of the Plan. J-5. Breaks in Service and Reinstatement of Service. (a) A Break in Service shall occur in a calendar year in which the Employee does not complete more than 500 Hours of Service with Playtex or a Controlled Group Member. An Employee on maternity or paternity leave shall be credited with up to 500 Hours of Service in order to prevent a Break in Service. During the period of absence, the Employee shall be credited with the number of Hours of Service that normally would have been credited but for the absence. Should the leave span more than one year, the Hours of Service shall be credited in the year in which the absence begins, if the credit is necessary to prevent a Break in Service in that year or, if such credit is not necessary in the first year, then in the following year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, effective for Plan Years beginning on and after January 1, 2015, Break in Service shall mean One Year Break in Service as defined in subsection 2.21 of the Plan. (b) Reinstatement of Service shall mean reemployment by Playtex or any of its predecessor companies) in accordance with the following rules: (i) In the event an Employee who terminated employment prior to January 1, 1976, is reemployed, whether before or after January 1, 1976, he or she shall be treated as a new Employee for all purposes under the Playtex Plan. (ii) In the case of reemployment of an Employee who terminated employment and suffered a Break in Service after 1975: (A) If the Employee was entitled to a deferred vested benefit under the Playtex Plan or the Plan, all of his or her prior Years of Continuous Service and Years of Credited Service shall be reinstated upon completion of one Year of Continuous Service after reemployment. (B) If the Employee was not entitled to a deferred vested benefit under the Playtex Plan or the Plan, but the number of consecutive Breaks in Service is less than (i) the aggregate number of his or her prior Years of Continuous Service for calendar years beginning before January 1, 1985, and (ii) the greater of five years or the J-5 aggregate number of his or her prior Years of Continuous Service for calendar years beginning on or after January 1, 1985, all of the Employee s prior Years of Continuous Service and Years of Credited Service shall be reinstated upon completion of one Year of Continuous Service after reemployment. (C) If the Employee was not entitled to a deferred vested benefit under the Playtex Plan or the Plan and (B) above does not apply, he shall be treated as a new Employee for all purposes under this Plan. (D) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph, Years of Continuous Service and Years of Credited Service reinstated hereunder shall not include any years prior to a termination of employment which occurred prior to 1976. J-6. Earnings. For purposes of this Supplement J, a Playtex Participant s Earnings shall mean the Employee s total wages paid (before giving effect to any reduction in such earnings on account of an earnings reduction election made under a plan meeting the requirements of Sections 125, 129, 132(f)(4) or 401(k) of the Code), including base pay, incentive pay, overtime pay and shift differential pay, but excluding any non-pay allowance. Notwithstanding the preceding provisions, Earnings for each Employee or Playtex Participant taken into account for purposes of the Plan shall not exceed the applicable limit under Section 401(a)(17)(B) of the Code. However, for purposes of determining benefit accruals in a Plan Year beginning on or after July 1, 2002, the Earnings limitation for determination periods beginning before January 1, 2002 shall be 150,000 for any determination period beginning in 1996 or earlier; 160,000 for any determination period beginning in 1997, 1998, or 1999; and 170,000 for any determination period beginning in 2000 or 2001. Special rules apply when determining the Earnings of certain Newnan Participants and Dover Participants, as follows: (a) For Years of Credited Service prior to calendar year 1977, a Newnan Participant s Earnings shall be deemed to be, for each such year, the greater of: (i) the Newnan Participant s Earnings for calendar year 1976; or (ii) the average of the Newnan Participant s Earnings during the years 1972 through 1976 (or during the years commencing with the Newnan Participant s first full year of employment with a participating company through 1976 if the Newnan Participant became an employee after January 1, 1972). However, in no event shall a Newnan Participant s Earnings computed under (i) or (ii) of this subparagraph J- 6(a) exceed the average of the highest pay earned by such Newnan Participant in any five consecutive years prior to his or her actual date of retirement. 

J-6 (b) For Years of Credited Service prior to calendar year 1982, a Dover Participant s Earnings shall be deemed to be, for each such year, the greater of: (i) the Dover Participant s Earnings for calendar year 1981; or (ii) the average of such Dover Participant s Earnings during the years 1977 through 1981 (or during the years commencing with the Dover Participant s first full year of employment with a participating company through 1981 if the Dover Participant became an employee after January 1, 1977). However, in no event shall a Dover Participant s Earnings computed under (i) or (ii) of this subparagraph J- 6(b) exceed the average of the highest pay earned by such Dover Participant in any five consecutive years prior to his or her actual date of retirement. J-7. Amount of Playtex Participant s Benefit at Normal Retirement. A Playtex Participant who retires on his or her Normal Retirement Date shall be entitled to a monthly benefit consisting of the amount of monthly benefit (the Playtex Benefit the Playtex Participant would have received under the Playtex Plan in effect on the Merger Date, determined as follows: (a) Newnan Participants. A Newnan Participant retiring on his or her Normal Retirement Date shall be entitled to a monthly retirement benefit equal to one-twelfth of: (i) 1 of that part of such Newnan Participant s Earnings that is not in excess of 7,800 for each Year of Credited Service ending on his or her Normal Retirement Date; plus (ii) 1-1/2 of such Newnan Participant s Earnings in excess of 7,800 for each such year. (b) Dover Participants. A Dover Participant retiring on his or her Normal Retirement Date shall be entitled to a monthly retirement benefit equal to one-twelfth of: (i) 1 of that part of such Dover Participant s Earnings that is not in excess of 17,500 for each Year of Credited Service ending on his or her Normal Retirement Date; plus (ii) 1-1/2 of such Dover Participant s Earnings in excess of 17,500 for each such year. (c) Playtex Dorado Participants. A Playtex Dorado Participant retiring on his or her Normal Retirement Date shall be entitled to a monthly retirement benefit equal to one-twelfth of: J-7 (i) 1 of Final Average Earnings (as defined below) multiplied by Years of Credited Service (not to exceed ten ); reduced by (ii) The Playtex Dorado Participant s Account Balance Offset, which is determined by dividing the Year End Account Balance (as defined below) for the Plan Year in which benefit payments commence by the applicable Annuity Factor, as specified in Appendix A to Supplement J. For purposes of this subparagraph (c), a Playtex Dorado Participant s Year End Account Balance for the Plan Year ending June 30, 1994 shall be equal to the Annual Credit for that Plan Year. A Playtex Dorado Participant s Year End Account Balance for all subsequent Plan Years shall be the Year End Account Balance determined as of the immediately preceding Plan Year, multiplied by 1.07, plus the Annual Credit from the current year. The Annual Credit shall be equal to the Playtex Dorado Participant s Earnings for the applicable Plan Year multiplied by .06. A Playtex Dorado Participant s Final Average Earnings shall mean the average of the Playtex Dorado Participant s Earnings, as defined in paragraph J-6, during the five consecutive calendar years (exclusive of any calendar year during which the Playtex Dorado Participant received no Earnings) included within the Playtex Dorado Participant s Years of Credited Service for which the Playtex Dorado Participant s Earnings were the highest. J-8. Playtex Participant s Benefit at Early Commencement Date. A Playtex Participant who has completed ten Years of Continuous Service shall be eligible to retire on the first day of the month after attainment of age 55, but prior to attainment of age 65. A Playtex Participant s benefit at his or her early commencement date shall be computed in the same manner as the benefit payable at the Normal Retirement Date, but based on the Playtex Participant s Years of Credited Service at his or her actual retirement date. In addition, for Playtex Dorado Participants, the Account Balance Offset shall be determined by dividing the Year End Account Balance for the Plan Year in which the actual retirement date occurs by the applicable Annuity Factor. A Playtex Participant s benefit shall be payable at the Playtex Participant s discretion either: (a) commencing at his or her Normal Retirement Date without reduction; or (b) commencing on his or her actual retirement date but reduced as follows: (i) for a Playtex Participant electing early retirement before age 65 but after age 60, by 1/4 of 1 for each complete month by 

J-8 which the Playtex Participant s actual retirement date precedes his or her Normal Retirement Date; and (ii) for a Playtex Participant electing early retirement before age 60, by 15 plus 5/12ths of 1 for each complete month by which the Playtex Participant s actual retirement date precedes his or her 60th birthday. J-9. Playtex Participant s Benefit at Late Retirement Date. A Playtex Participant who remains in the service of Playtex or a Controlled Group Member beyond his or her Normal Retirement Date shall be entitled to a monthly retirement income commencing on his or her Late Retirement Date. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, a Playtex Participant who completes fewer than 40 Hours of Service with Playtex or a Controlled Group Member in any month after his or her Normal Retirement Date shall be deemed to have retired on the first day of such month, which day shall be his or her Late Retirement Date under this Supplement. Benefits paid pursuant to this paragraph J-9 shall be computed in the same manner as the benefit payable at Normal Retirement Date, and shall not be actuarially adjusted for late commencement except to the extent required due to the failure to provide the notice required by Department of Labor regulations Section 2530.203-3. Any required actuarial adjustments shall be computed in accordance with subsection 4.4 of the Plan J-10. Playtex Participant s Deferred Vested Benefit. A Playtex Participant whose employment is terminated other than by reason of early, late or normal retirement or death and who has completed at least five Years of Continuous Service shall be eligible for a deferred vested benefit, calculated as follows: (a) The deferred vested benefit shall be computed in the same manner as the normal retirement benefit, as described in paragraph J-7, provided that, for Playtex Dorado Participants, the Playtex Dorado Participant s Account Balance Offset shall be determined by dividing the Year End Account Balance for the Plan Year prior to which he or she suffers a Break in Service by the applicable Annuity Factor. The deferred vested benefit shall be payable at the Playtex Participant s Normal Retirement Date. (b) A Playtex Participant may elect to receive the Actuarial Equivalent of his or her benefit computed as described in (a) above, payable commencing on the first day of any month coincident with or next following the date the Playtex Participant attains age 55. (c) However, if the Playtex Participant has at least 10 Years of Credited Service, he or she may elect to receive payment of his or her deferred vested benefit beginning on the first day of any month coincident or next following the date the Playtex Participant attains age 55, subject to reduction in accordance with subparagraph J-8(b). J-9 J-11. Payment of Benefits. Benefits under this Supplement J shall be paid in accordance with Section 6 of the Plan, except as follows: (a) In lieu of payment under subsection 6.1 or subsection 6.2 of the Plan, as applicable, a Playtex Participant may elect to receive payment of his or her Playtex Plan benefit in the form of a 50 , 75 or 100 contingent annuitant option as described in subparagraph 6.4(b) of the Plan. .In addition, a Playtex Participant who is eligible to commence payment pursuant to paragraph J-8 or subparagraph J-10(c) of this Supplement J may also elect to receive payment of his or her Playtex Plan benefit in the form of a 66 2/3 contingent annuitant option described in subparagraph 6.4(b) of the Plan. No other optional forms of payment shall be available for payment of a Playtex Plan benefit. (b) If a Playtex Participant who is entitled to normal, early, or late retirement benefits under subparagraph J-7, J-8, or J-9 dies more than 31 days after his or her actual retirement date or after his or her 65th birthday, and after benefit payments have commenced in the normal form described in subsection 6.1, but before he or she has received 60 monthly retirement benefit payments, then a retirement benefit shall be payable to the Playtex Participant s surviving Spouse until a total of 60 payments shall have been made to such Playtex Participant and his or her surviving Spouse or until the death of the surviving Spouse, whichever occurs first. Subject to the provisions of paragraph J-12, if a Playtex Participant who is entitled to an early retirement benefit but has elected to defer the receipt of such benefit dies more then 31 days after his or her actual retirement date but before receiving any early retirement benefits, a retirement benefit shall be payable to the Playtex Participant s eligible surviving Spouse in an amount determined as described in the preceding sentence, but computed as though the first day of the month coinciding with or next following the date of the Playtex Participant s death was his or her actual retirement date, and as though the Playtex Participant had elected to commence receiving such early retirement benefits on such actual retirement date. (c) If a Playtex Participant who is entitled to deferred vested benefits under paragraph J-10 and who is receiving payment in the normal form described in subsection 6.1 dies more than 31 days after his or her Normal Retirement Date, but before receiving 60 monthly benefit payments, then a monthly retirement benefit shall be payable to the Playtex Participant s surviving Spouse until a total of 60 payments shall have been made to such Playtex Participant and his or her surviving Spouse or until the death of such surviving Spouse, whichever occurs first. If a Playtex Participant who is entitled to a 

J-10 deferred vested benefit dies more than 31 days after his or her termination of employment and after age 55, and the death benefit referred to in subsection J-12 has been properly waived, a death benefit shall be payable to the Playtex Participant s eligible surviving Spouse in an amount determined as described in the preceding sentence, but computed as though the first day of the month coinciding with or next following the date of the death of the Playtex Participant was his or her actual retirement date and as though the Playtex Participant had been eligible for early retirement benefits and had elected to commence receiving such early retirement benefits on such actual retirement date. (d) Benefits shall be subject to the provisions of subsection 6.7 of the Plan, except that a Playtex Participant reemployed prior to August 1, 2015 is deemed to be a temporary employee under subsection 6.7(b)(ii) of the Plan if such Playtex Participant failed to complete 40 Hours of Service in a month. (e) Benefits shall be subject to the provisions of subsection 6.8 of the Plan except that, if the Playtex Participant fails to be credited with at least 40 Hours of Service in any calendar month, benefits shall commence as of the Playtex Participant s Late Retirement Date as described in paragraph J-9. (f) Benefits payable to a Playtex Participant (or his or her surviving Spouse or beneficiary) shall be reduced by any benefits received or receivable as a result of the termination of the ILC Industries Pension Plan. J-12. Qualified Pre-retirement Survivor Annuity. Subject to subsection 6.11 of the Plan, in the event that a married Playtex Participant who has a nonforfeitable right to all or any portion of his or her retirement benefit dies before receiving payment of any benefits under the Plan, the surviving Spouse of such Playtex Participant shall be entitled to a Qualified Pre-retirement Survivor Annuity in accordance with subsection 5.6 of the Plan. J-13. Actuarial Equivalents. For purposes of determining optional forms of payment, the amount of a deferred vested benefit payable before a Playtex Participant s Normal Retirement Date under subparagraph J-10(b), actuarial adjustments required under subsection 8.2 of the Plan and any other purpose not specifically described in the Plan or this Supplement, the following assumptions shall be applied: J-11 Interest: 7 Mortality: 1984 Unisex Pension Mortality Table (A Spouse is assumed to be three years older than the Participant in the construction of the table for joint and survivor annuity forms) J-14. Limitations. Except to the extent expressly provided herein, the benefits provided pursuant to this Supplement J for a Playtex Participant on account of participation under the Playtex Plan are subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan. Terms used in this Supplement J with respect to the Playtex Plan and terms used in this Supplement with respect to the Plan shall, unless defined in this Supplement J, have the meanings given those terms in the Playtex Plan (as in effect immediately prior to the Merger Date) or this Plan, whichever is applicable. In no event shall the amount of a Playtex Participant s benefit hereunder be less than the benefit such participant would have received, as of the Merger Date, under the Playtex Plan based on the terms of such plan as in effect immediately before the Merger Date. 

J-12 APPENDIX A TO SUPPLEMENT J Applicable Annuity Factors for Playtex Dorado Participants The factors below apply to calculation of benefits for Playtex Dorado Participants: Age Factor Age Factor Age Factor 20 0.288 40 1.351 60 6.524 21 0.311 41 1.460 61 7.076 22 0.336 42 1.578 62 7.678 23 0.363 43 1.705 63 8.336 24 0.392 44 1.843 64 9.055 25 0.423 45 1.992 65 9.842 26 0.457 46 2.154 66 9.658 27 0.494 47 2.329 67 9.465 28 0.534 48 2.518 68 9.263 29 0.576 49 2.723 69 9.053 30 0.623 50 2.946 70 8.835 31 0.673 51 3.187 71 8.611 32 0.727 52 3.448 72 8.382 33 0.785 53 3.731 73 8.148 34 0.848 54 4.038 74 7.911 35 0.917 55 4.371 75 7.672 36 0.991 56 4.733 76 7.432 37 1.070 57 5.126 77 7.191 38 1.157 58 5.553 78 6.950 39 1.250 59 6.018 79 6.710 DM_US 58903147-6.076961.0011 K-1 SUPPLEMENT K Provisions Relating to the Merger of National Textiles, L.L.C. Pension Plan K-1. Introduction. The National Textiles, L.L.C. Pension Plan (the NTX Plan was established effective January 1, 1998 and was originally maintained by National Textiles, L.L.C. NTX ). Effective as of March 31, 1998, the assets and liabilities for certain participants in the Sara Lee Corporation Consolidated Pension and Retirement Plan (the Prior Plan were transferred to the NTX Plan. On August 2, 1998, Champion Products, Inc. Champion sold its Gaffney, South Carolina facility to NTX, and assets and liabilities for certain affected participants were transferred to the NTX Plan. Effective as of January 1, 2006, sponsorship of the NTX Plan was assumed by Hanesbrands Inc. Hanesbrands ). Effective upon the close of business on August 31, 2009 (the Merger Date ), the NTX Plan was merged into, and continued in the form of, the Plan, subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan and this Supplement. This Supplement shall include the following Parts, Appendices and Exhibits: (a) Part A, which shall apply to participants who transferred their employment from Sara Lee Corporation to NTX on or before March 31, 1998 and employees of Eden Yarns, Inc. Benefits for such participants shall consist of benefits transferred from the Prior Plan, as set forth in Exhibit I to Part A, plus benefits accrued under the NTX Plan on and after January 1, 1998, as described in Part A. Part A shall also apply to eligible employees hired by NTX on or after January 1, 1998. (b) Appendix A to Part A, which shall apply to certain participants transferred in accordance with (a) above who had accrued benefits under the SLC Benefits Part of the Prior Plan prior to their transfer. Benefits for such participants shall consist of benefits set forth in Exhibit I to Appendix A to Part A, benefits set forth in Exhibit I to Part A (if any), plus benefits accrued under the NTX Plan on and after January 1, 1998, as described in Part A. (c) Appendix B to Part A, which shall apply to participants previously employed at the Gaffney, South Carolina facility of Champion who were transferred to the NTX Plan on or before August 2, 1998. Benefits for such participants shall consist of benefits set forth in Exhibit I to Appendix B to Part A, plus benefits accrued under the NTX Plan on and after January 1, 1998, as described in Part A. (d) Part B, which shall apply to all NTX Plan participants on and after January 1, 1998 except hourly employees at a facility previously owned 

K-2 by China Grove Textiles, Inc. Benefits accrued under Part B shall be provided in addition to any benefits earned under Part A. The purpose of this Supplement is to set forth provisions relating to former participants in the NTX Plan. K-2. Eligibility to Participate. No employees who were not already participating in the NTX Plan on December 31, 2003 were eligible to become new participants in the NTX Plan after said date. In addition, participants in the NTX Plan ceased accruing benefits under Part A of the NTX Plan as of December 31, 2003 and under Part B of the NTX Plan as of December 31, 2002. Subject to the conditions and limitations of this Plan, each participant in the NTX Plan on August 31, 2009 became an inactive Participant in this Plan as of August 31, 2009. The inactive Participants described in the preceding sentences are referred to herein as NTX Participants. K-3. Credited Service. For purposes of determining benefits under this Supplement K, a NTX Participant s Credited Service means the number of completed years and months during his or her periods of service. A period of service shall mean a period beginning on the date an Employee enters service (or reenters service) and ending on the Separation Date with respect to such period, subject to the following special rules: (a) An Employee shall be deemed to enter service on the date he or she first completes an Hour of Service, and to reenter service on the date following a Separation Date when he or she again completes an Hour of Service. If an Employee shall be absent from work because he or she quits, is discharged or retires, and the Employee reenters service before the first anniversary of the date of such absence, such date shall not constitute a Separation Date and the period of such absence shall be included as service. (b) If an Employee, absent from service under circumstances other than quit, retirement, discharge or death, quits, is discharged, retires or dies before the first anniversary of the commencement of said absence, the Employee s Separation Date shall be the date he or she quits, is discharged, retires or dies. An absence by reason of circumstances other than quit, retirement, discharge or death shall be deemed to commence with respect to an Employee on the date he or she is terminated as an Employee on the payroll records of the Controlled Group Members. Notwithstanding the two immediately preceding sentences, an Employee shall be deemed to have continued in service (and thus not to have incurred a Separation Date) for the following periods: (i) Any period for which he or she shall be required to be given credit for service under any laws of the United States. K-3 (ii) The period (referred to herein as medical leave during which he or she suffers from a condition resulting from injury or illness which: (A) results in such Employee s entitlement to and receipt of monthly disability insurance benefits under the federal Social Security Act; or (B) results in such Employee s entitlement to and receipt of (or would result in receipt of but for any applicable benefit waiting period) disability income benefits under a disability income plan maintained or adopted by such Employee s Employer. Such period shall end with the earlier of the Employee s date of death, Retirement Date or date of cessation of such inability. Effective July 1, 2002, such period shall end upon the first to occur of the following: (I) expiration of a one-year period from the Employee s last day of work, (II) the date of his or her death, (III) his or her Retirement Date or (IV) the date of cessation of such infirmity; provided, however, that for a salaried employee under the National Textiles, L.L.C. Long Term Disability Plan (the LTD Plan ), such period shall end one year from the date such salaried employee is no longer an eligible employee under the LTD Plan. (iii) For an Employee who retires from NTX and all Controlled Group Members, the period from his or her Separation Date until the last day of the month in which his or her retirement occurs. (c) All periods of service of an Employee shall be aggregated in determining his or her Credited Service. (d) Except as provided in Part B, with respect to an Employee who shall have a One Year Break in Service before he or she shall have completed five years of Vesting Service and with respect to whom the period of his or her consecutive One Year Breaks in Service equals or exceeds five years, all Credited Service accrued prior to such break shall be disregarded. For the purpose of determining Credited Service prior to such break, there shall be excluded any service previously disregarded under this subparagraph (d). (e) Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph, if a NTX Participant shall have received a distribution of his or her entire interest under the Plan and shall subsequently reenter service, Credited Service 

K-4 prior to his or her termination shall be disregarded for purposes of determining his or her benefits with respect to service following such termination. (f) Notwithstanding any other provisions of this paragraph, a NTX Participant s Credited Service shall not include any period of his or her service during which he or she is a temporary Employee (as defined in subsection 6.7 of the Plan); any period during which he or she fails to meet the NTX Plan s eligibility requirements; any service with a Controlled Group Member while such Member is not an Employer under the Plan or the NTX Plan; or solely for purposes of computing a NTX Participant s benefit under Part B, any service prior to the January 1 before which the Participant completes one year of Vesting Service. (g) Notwithstanding the foregoing, no NTX Participant shall accrue additional Credited Service under the NTX Plan after December 31, 2003, except for purposes of determining eligibility for and the amount of any early retirement reduction with respect to any applicable minimum benefit under Part A of this Supplement K. K-4. Vesting Service. A NTX Participant s Vesting Service shall be computed in the same manner as the NTX Participant s Credited Service, except as follows: (a) A NTX Participant s Vesting Service shall include any period of service that would have been included as Credited Service but for subparagraphs K-3(e), (f) and (g); provided, however, that service with a Controlled Group Member shall be recognized under this subparagraph (a) only for the period such entity is a Controlled Group Member (unless recognized pursuant to subparagraph (b) below). (b) If an entity becomes a Controlled Group Member of NTX (or is otherwise acquired by NTX) and such entity adopts the Plan in accordance with its terms (or NTX or the Company extends the Plan to Employees of such entity), then Vesting Service shall not include any part of the service of employees who were employed by the entity prior to the date the entity became a Controlled Group Member and who become employees of a Controlled Group Member in connection with the acquisition of such entity, unless otherwise provided in the NTX Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Vesting Service shall include all of the service of employees who were employed by any entity formerly owned by Sara Lee Corporation or its subsidiaries and affiliates prior to the date the entity became a Controlled Group Member and who become employees of a Controlled Group Member in connection with the acquisition of such entity. K-5 (c) Notwithstanding any provision of this paragraph to the contrary, the Vesting Service of any individual employed as an hourly or salaried employee at a facility previously owned by China Grove Textiles, Inc. shall include any period of service from his or her most recent hire date with China Grove Textiles, Inc. immediately preceding April 30, 2000. (d) A NTX Participant s Vesting Service means the number of completed years and months during his or her period of service. For this purpose, a NTX Participant shall be credited with one month of service for each month in which the NTX Participant completes at least one day of service with his or her Employer. (e) If a NTX Participant dies while performing qualified military service (within the meaning of Section 414(u)(5) of the Code), such NTX Participant shall be credited with Vesting Service for the period of his or her qualified military service for vesting purposes. K-5. Compensation. For purposes of determining benefits under this Supplement K, Compensation shall include the following amounts paid by an Employer to a NTX Participant on or before December 31, 2002: regular pay, commissions, overtime, shift differentials and bonuses; the amount, if any, of elective contributions made on behalf of the NTX Participant pursuant to a salary reduction agreement under Sections 125, 132(f)(4) and 401(k) of the Code; vacation pay, holiday pay, and payments made directly by the Employers to a NTX Participant in lieu of salary, wages or other compensation during periods of absence; benefit payments made pursuant to employer contributions under a temporary disability income plan sponsored by the Employers; and amounts earned that are subject to a nonqualified deferred compensation agreement with the Employers (which amounts shall be included in a NTX Participant s Compensation only in the year such Compensation is distributed to the NTX Participant). Effective July 1, 1998, Compensation for NTX Participants other than highly compensated employees (as defined in Section 414(q) of the Code) shall also include all forms of nonqualified deferred compensation which a NTX Participant elects to defer when such amounts are initially deferred. Compensation shall be deemed paid in the calendar year in which it is reportable on Form W-2 (or a corresponding form later prescribed for federal income tax withholding purposes). A NTX Participant s Compensation shall exclude compensation in excess the applicable limit under Section 401(a)(17)(B) of the Code; severance or termination pay, moving expenses, prizes, awards, and referral bonuses; amounts paid by an Employer solely by reason of the satisfaction by an Employer of a contractual commitment made to a NTX Participant by an operation acquired by an Employer; all Employer contributions made under this Plan or any other employee benefit plan, and all amounts of imputed income considered to have been received by a NTX Participant including, but not limited to, imputed income by reason of coverage under an Employer-sponsored group term life insurance plan, any other employee welfare or fringe benefit plan or the exercise of a stock option or stock appreciation right, and the use of an automobile; any payments made pursuant to any state s workers 

K-6 compensation or disability income statutes, any payments made pursuant to a disability plan maintained by the Employers pursuant to workers compensation statutes or to provide payments for absences due to long term disability, or benefit payments made pursuant to employee contributions under the provisions of a temporary disability income plan sponsored by the Employers; all amounts paid in connection with, pursuant to or under the National Textiles, L.L.C. Stock Appreciation Rights Plan SAR Plan ), including, but not limited to, Employer buy-outs under the SAR Plan; all amounts paid in connection with, pursuant to or under any retention programs maintained by any Employer, including, but not limited to, management retention unit cash-outs; and compensation paid after the NTX Participant ceases to be an Employee (including, without limitation, deferred bonuses and payments under the National Textiles Executive Deferred Compensation Plan and any other plans designated by the Committee). K-6. Benefits in General. The amount of benefits under this Supplement with respect to any NTX Participant shall be equal to the amount determined under the terms of Part A and Part B. Notwithstanding any provision of this Supplement to the contrary, any individual employed as an hourly or salaried employee at a facility previously owned by China Grove Textiles, Inc. shall accrue benefits under Part A, but only salaried employees at such a facility shall accrue benefits under Part B. Further, if any individual employed as a salaried employee at such a facility becomes an hourly employee at such a facility, such employee thereafter shall accrue benefits only under Part A, and is expressly ineligible to accrue further benefits under Part B. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no benefits shall accrue for any NTX Participant under Part A after 2003 or under Part B after 2002. K-7. Payment of Benefits: Benefits under this Supplement K shall be paid in accordance with Section 6 of the Plan, except as provided below in this paragraph K-7 and in paragraph K-8: (a) The following optional forms of payment shall be available to a NTX Participant for payment of his or her benefits accrued under Part A and Part B: (i) the period certain and life annuity options described in subsection 6.4(a) of the Plan, (ii) the contingent annuity options described in subsection 6.4(b) of the Plan, (iii) the period certain annuity options described in subsection 6.4(c) of the Plan, and (iv) the lump sum option described in paragraph K-8 below. (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, a NTX Participant who is entitled to a benefit under Appendix A to Part A may elect to receive payment of such benefit in the form of a Social Security adjustment option described in subsection 6.4(d) of the Plan, in addition to the forms described in subparagraph (a) above. If a NTX Participant elects to receive his or her benefit accrued under Appendix A to Part A in the form of a Social Security adjustment option, such Participant shall receive the remainder of his or her accrued benefit in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (a) above. K-7 (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, a NTX Participant entitled only to a deferred vested benefit may choose one of the optional forms of payment described in subsection 6.5 of the Plan or the lump sum form described in paragraph K-8 in lieu of payment in the normal form. (d) If a NTX Participant, surviving Spouse or alternate payee elects an annuity form for his or her Part A benefit and an annuity form for his or her Part B benefit, both elections must consist of the same type of annuity distribution form, except as provided in paragraph (b) above. K-8. Lump Sum Benefits. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, the following shall apply with respect to lump sum payments of benefits accrued under this Supplement K. (a) If the lump sum present value of (i) a NTX Participant s total nonforfeitable accrued benefit under the Plan, (ii) a surviving Spouse s benefit determined under the Plan, or (iii) an alternate payee s interest determined under the Plan, does not exceed 5,000, such benefit shall be paid in accordance with subsection 6.11 of the Plan. (b) Subject to paragraph (a) above, if a NTX Participant terminated employment with all Controlled Group Members before July 1, 2000 and if the lump sum present value of the benefit of such NTX Participant (or his or her surviving Spouse or alternate payee, as the case may be) determined under both Part A and Part B is less than or equal to 10,000 at the time of the NTX Participant s election of a form of payment, the NTX Participant, surviving Spouse, or alternate payee, as applicable, may elect to receive a lump sum distribution of his or her Part A and Part B benefit. Such a distribution shall be payable pursuant to subsection 6.1 or 6.2 of the Plan, as applicable, and the Participant must comply with the spousal consent rules in subsection 6.3 of the Plan, if applicable, to elect such distribution. (c) Subject to paragraph (a) above, if a NTX Participant terminates employment with all Controlled Group Members on or after July 1, 2000: (i) If the lump sum present value of the benefit of such NTX Participant (or his or her surviving Spouse or alternate payee, as the case may be) determined under Part A is less than or equal to 10,000 at the time of the NTX Participant s election of a form of payment, the NTX Participant, surviving Spouse, or alternate payee, as applicable, may elect to receive a lump sum distribution of his or her Part A benefit. Such a distribution shall be payable pursuant to subsection 6.1 or 6.2 of the Plan, as applicable, and the Participant must comply with the spousal 

K-8 consent rules in subsection 6.3 of the Plan, if applicable, to elect such lump sum distribution. (ii) The NTX Participant or his or her surviving Spouse or alternate payee may elect to receive a lump sum distribution of his or her Cash Balance Benefit under Part B in lieu of a distribution under any other distribution form for which the recipient is eligible. Such a lump sum distribution shall be payable pursuant to subsection 6.1 or 6.2 of the Plan, as applicable, and the NTX Participant must comply with the spousal consent rules in subsection 6.3 of the Plan, if applicable, to elect such lump sum distribution. (d) Lump sum distributions under this paragraph K-8 shall be determined in accordance with subsection 6.11 of the Plan; provided that the provisions of subparagraph 6.11(b) shall apply only to lump sum distributions payable with respect to a Participant s benefit determined under Part A of the Plan. A NTX Participant eligible to elect a lump sum distribution of benefits under subparagraphs (b) or (c) above before his or her Retirement Date also may elect to receive payment of his or her accrued benefit in the normal form of payment, as described in subsection 6.1 of the Plan, or in the form of a 50 or 75 contingent annuitant option, as described in subsection 6.4(b) of the Plan, commencing as of the same date as the lump sum distribution. A NTX Participant (or an alternate payee or surviving Spouse, as applicable) may request a lump sum distribution under subparagraph (c) only at the following times: (1) within 180 days of his or her Separation Date or 180 days after receiving the benefit calculation election form, whichever is later, or (2) on or after attaining his or her Retirement Date. For alternate payees, clause (1) above shall be modified to provide 180 days from the date the order is determined to be a Qualified Domestic Relations Order, and in the case of a NTX Participant s death, clause (1) above shall be modified to provide 180 days from the date of the NTX Participant s death. Even if a NTX Participant s lump sum present value is greater than 10,000 during one or more months of the 180-day period described above, such lump sum shall nevertheless be payable hereunder provided that the lump sum present value is less than or equal to 10,000 during any month of the 180-day period. Subject to paragraph (a) above, NTX Participants (or their surviving Spouses) whose employment terminated prior to July 1, 2002 are eligible to elect lump sum payment of their benefits at any time after their termination date if the lump sum present value of their benefit is less than or equal to 10,000 at such time. When determining the present value of a benefit under this paragraph, the Alternative Actuarial Equivalent assumptions shall be used. K-9. Actuarial Equivalents. Actuarial Equivalents shall be determined in accordance with subsections 2.1 and 2.2 of the Plan and the Tables of Actuarial Factors attached thereto, except as provided below: K-9 (a) For purposes of computing a lump sum payment attributable to a NTX Participant s Cash Balance Benefit, the resultant lump sum shall not be less than the NTX Participant s Cash Balance as of the beginning of the month in which he or she terminated employment, increased with Interest Credits (as defined in paragraph 2(b) of Part B) through the lump sum payment date. (b) For purposes of converting a NTX Participant s Cash Balance into the Participant s Cash Balance Benefit under paragraph 2 of Part B, the following assumptions shall be used: Rate of Interest: 5.5 percent per annum Mortality: The mortality table prescribed in Revenue Ruling 2001-62 (the 94 GAR table) (c) For purposes of determining a benefit commencing prior to the NTX Participant s earliest retirement age, the reduction factor for each year preceding the NTX Participant s Normal Retirement Date shall be determined from the following table (with the annual reduction factor prorated for any period less than one year): Benefit Commencement Age Annual Reduction Factor >=60 and =55 and =50 and =45 and =40 and =30 and 

K-10 Benefit Commencement Age Conversion Factor Adjustment Factor >=60 and =55 and =50 and =45 and =40 and =35 and =30 and =60 and =55 and =50 and =45 and =40 and =35 and =30 and 

K-12 PART A TO SUPPLEMENT K Provisions Relating to Career Average Formula 1. Introduction. This Part A to Supplement K shall apply to participants for whom benefits were transferred to the NTX Plan due to a transfer of employment from Sara Lee Corporation to NTX on or before March 31, 1998 or who were formerly employees of Eden Yarns, Inc. (collectively, the Transferred Participants ). This Part A also shall apply to former employees of Champion who were transferred to employment with NTX on or before August 2, 1998. Finally, this Part A shall apply to eligible employees hired by NTX on or after January 1, 1998 and before December 31, 2002. 2. Credited Service. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in paragraph K-3 of Supplement K, each Transferred Participant in the NTX Plan shall receive credit for all service credited under the Prior Plan. For purposes of this Part, a NTX Participant s Projected Credited Service shall mean the years and months of Credited Service he or she would have at his or her Normal Retirement Date assuming he or she continued in covered employment under the NTX Plan to such date. Effective December 31, 2003, no further benefits shall accrue under this Part; however, NTX Participants shall continue to accrue Credited Service for purposes of determining eligibility for and the amount of any early retirement reduction with respect to any applicable minimum benefit under paragraphs 8 and 9 of this Part. 3. Compensation. Notwithstanding paragraph K-5 of Supplement K, for purposes of calculating a NTX Participant s benefit under paragraph 4 of this Part, in the first and second year of employment (or reemployment after a One Year Break in Service), the NTX Participant s Compensation for the prior calendar year shall mean his or her annualized pay (as defined below); provided, that a Transferred Participant s Compensation shall include bonuses, if any, paid under the Prior Plan and the NTX Plan; further provided, however, that solely for purposes of determining the benefit accruals of Transferred Participants for the calendar year beginning on January 1, 1998, compensation recognized under the Prior Plan shall be treated as paid by an Employer hereunder. A NTX Participant s annualized pay for any calendar year shall mean the amount of compensation he or she would have received for that year had he or she received compensation for the entire year at the basic straight time rate of compensation that was in effect with respect to the NTX Participant at the end of the prior calendar year. For his or her hire year (or rehire year, after a One Year Break In Service), a NTX Participant s annualized pay shall mean the amount of compensation he or she would have received for that year had he or she received compensation for the entire year at the basic straight time rate of compensation that was in effect with respect to the NTX Participant at the beginning of such hire year (or rehire year). Any individual employed as an hourly or salaried employee at a facility previously owned by China Grove Textiles, Inc., shall have his or her 2000 and 2001 Part A benefit accrual, if any, based on his or her annualized calendar year 2000 pay. K-13 Notwithstanding the foregoing, effective January 1, 1998, the Compensation for any NTX Participant, regardless of status as a Transferred Participant, shall include bonuses, if any, paid by Sara Lee Corporation or paid by an Employer hereunder and taken into account under the Prior Plan and the NTX Plan. 4. Normal Benefit. The normal benefit under this Part is a monthly retirement income, commencing on the NTX Participant s Normal Retirement Date and payable during his or her lifetime, in an amount equal to one-twelfth of the sum of his or her benefit accruals for calendar years beginning on and after January 1, 1998. A NTX Participant s benefit accrual for a calendar year shall equal 1.25 percent of the NTX Participant s Compensation (as modified by paragraph 3 above) for the prior calendar year multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the NTX Participant s total number of completed months of Credited Service for the whole or partial year and the denominator of which is 12. In addition, a Transferred Participant s normal benefit shall include the amount of each Transferred Participant s accrued benefits as set forth on Exhibit I to this Part; provided, however, that if the Committee determines that any amount set forth in such schedule has been incorrectly calculated, for whatever reason, the correct amount shall be the amount payable or credited to such Transferred Participant, notwithstanding the inclusion of such incorrect amount on Exhibit I. The total amount of monthly retirement income determined under this paragraph 4 shall be referred to as a NTX Participant s accrued benefit. If a NTX Participant was actively employed by a Controlled Group Member of NTX on June 30, 1999, the NTX Participant s monthly retirement income attributable to service completed through June 30, 1999, determined under this paragraph 4 (including benefits listed on Exhibit I of this Part and Exhibit I from Appendix B to this Part) shall be increased by 10 percent. Effective December 31, 2003, no further benefits shall accrue under this Part. 5. Normal Retirement. A NTX Participant who retires on his or her Normal Retirement Date shall be entitled to a monthly retirement income computed in accordance with paragraph 4 of this Part, commencing on his or her Normal Retirement Date and payable in accordance with paragraph K-7 of Supplement K to the Plan. 6. Late Retirement. A NTX Participant who retires on a Late Retirement Date shall be entitled to a monthly retirement income, commencing on the earlier of his or her Late Retirement Date or his or her Required Commencement Date, and payable in accordance with paragraph K-7 of Supplement K to the Plan. The amount of the NTX Participant s monthly retirement income shall be computed in accordance with paragraph 4 of this Part, but shall be actuarially adjusted as described in subsection 5.4 of the Plan. If payment of a NTX Participant s monthly retirement income begins prior to retirement on his or her Required Commencement Date, then the amount of retirement income payable to the NTX Participant shall be adjusted, as of each subsequent January 1, to reflect the additional benefits, if any, accrued by the NTX Participant during the immediately preceding calendar year. 

K-14 7. Early Retirement. A NTX Participant who retires on an Early Retirement Date shall be entitled to a monthly retirement income, commencing on his or her Normal Retirement Date and payable in accordance with paragraph K-7 of Supplement K to the Plan. The amount of the NTX Participant s monthly retirement income shall be computed in accordance with paragraph 4 of this Part as of his or her Early Retirement Date, and shall be reduced in accordance with subsection 5.3 of the Plan in the event of the NTX Participant s benefit commencement before his or her Normal Retirement Date. However, for benefit commencements on and after January 1, 2010, the early retirement reduction shall not be greater than the reduction that would be determined using the actuarial assumptions set forth in subsection 2.2(b) of the Plan. 8. Minimum Retirement Benefits. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the annual retirement income under this Part of a NTX Participant who retires on a Normal or Late Retirement Date with at least five years of Credited Service or who retires on an Early Retirement Date be less than an amount equal to 480.00 multiplied by a fraction (not to exceed 1) the numerator of which is the NTX Participant s completed years and months of Credited Service as of his or her Normal, Late or Early Retirement Date and the denominator of which is the lesser of 20 or his or her Projected Credited Service; provided that if the NTX Participant retires on an Early Retirement Date with less than 20 years of Credited Service and elects an early commencement, such minimum benefit shall be reduced in accordance with subsection 5.3 of the Plan. However, for benefit commencements on and after January 1, 2010, the early retirement reduction shall not be greater than the reduction that would be determined using the actuarial assumptions set forth in subsection 2.2(b) of the Plan. 9. Monthly Deferred Vested Benefit. A NTX Participant whose employment with all of the Controlled Group Members is terminated for any reason other than death before his or her Retirement Date, but after he or she has completed at least five years of Vesting Service, shall be entitled to a monthly deferred vested benefit commencing on his or her Normal Retirement Date and payable in accordance with paragraph K-7 of Supplement K to the Plan. The amount of the NTX Participant s monthly deferred vested benefit shall be computed in accordance with paragraph 4 of this Part (as in effect as of the date his or her employment with the Controlled Group Members terminates), but shall not be less than an amount equal to 480.00 multiplied by a fraction (not to exceed 1.0) the numerator of which is the NTX Participant s years and months of Credited Service as of his or her date of termination and the denominator of which is the lesser of 20 or the NTX Participant s Projected Credited Service. If the NTX Participant has completed at least 10 years of Vesting Service, he or she may elect to have such benefit commence as of the first day of any month on or after the date he or she attains age 55 years but before his or her Normal Retirement Date; provided that, such benefit shall be reduced in accordance with subsection 5.3 of the Plan. However, for benefit commencements on and after January 1, 2010, the early retirement reduction shall not be greater than the reduction that would be determined using the actuarial assumptions set forth in subsection 2.2(b) of the Plan. K-15 10. Death Benefits. A pre-retirement death benefit shall be payable under this Part following the NTX Participant s death as follows: (a) If the NTX Participant terminated employment with all Employers and Controlled Group Members prior to his or her death, the NTX Participant s Spouse shall be entitled to a monthly surviving Spouse s benefit based on his or her benefit under this Part A, subject to the provisions of subsection 5.6 of the Plan, unless a lump sum distribution is payable under paragraph K-8 of Supplement K. If the NTX Participant s Spouse is eligible to elect payment of the surviving Spouse s benefit in the form of a lump sum distribution under paragraph K-8, the NTX Participant s Spouse may commence immediate payment of the Spouse s benefit in the form of a lump sum or an annuity. (b) If the NTX Participant dies while in the employ of an Employer or Controlled Group Member and after completing at least five Years of Service or attaining Normal Retirement Age, then a death benefit shall be payable under this paragraph (b) in lieu of the benefit described in paragraph (a) above. This benefit shall be based on the NTX Participant s benefit under this Part A, and shall be subject to the provisions of subsection 5.7 of the Plan and paragraph K-8 of Supplement K to the Plan except as follows: (i) The lump sum shall be payable pursuant to paragraph K-8 of Supplement K to the Plan, but without regard to the 10,000 maximum specified in subparagraph K-8(c)(i) thereof. (ii) The NTX Participant s surviving Spouse shall have a period of 180 days within which to elect payment of a lump sum in lieu of the monthly survivor annuity, in the event of the NTX Participant s death before his or her earliest commencement date as determined under subsection 5.6 of the Plan. The surviving Spouse may also elect the lump sum form on or after the date that would have been such NTX Participant s earliest commencement date. (iii) If the NTX Participant is entitled to benefits under both Part A and Part B to Supplement K, the NTX Participant shall be required to name the same beneficiary of this death benefit with respect to both Parts. 11. Special Rules for Transferred Participants Hired in 1997. Notwithstanding paragraph 4 herein, each Transferred Participant who performed an Hour of Service for Sara Lee Corporation in 1997 and who otherwise would have been eligible to participate in the Prior Plan except that he or she had not yet satisfied that plan s eligibility service requirement as of the transfer date but who subsequently would have satisfied such service requirement if service for NTX had been included as eligibility service under the Prior Plan 1997 Individuals is eligible for a normal benefit under this Part of the Plan in an amount equal to one-twelfth of the sum of his or her benefit accruals for calendar years beginning on and after January 1, 1997. Benefit accruals for 1997 

K-16 Individuals for the 1997 calendar year shall be calculated under the same formula and using the same methods and assumptions as benefit accruals for subsequent calendar years in accordance with this Part A and all other provisions of the NTX Plan and the Plan. K-17 EXHIBIT I TO PART A SUPPLEMENT K BENEFITS FOR TRANSFERRED PARTICIPANTS Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 5307 11/06/1954 10/18/1995 2.17 2.17 472.44 3413 08/30/1948 05/14/1973 24.58 24.58 5,239.20 6155 07/22/1977 09/25/1996 1.25 1.25 247.56 4628 11/11/1945 07/10/1995 2.42 1.50 471.24 0467 09/06/1947 09/16/1996 1.25 1.25 275.64 8432 05/29/1947 01/20/1969 28.92 28.92 6,654.48 8054 01/18/1968 12/16/1996 1.00 1.00 210.60 4905 11/10/1954 06/06/1988 9.50 9.00 2,095.08 1559 07/18/1952 03/23/1992 5.75 5.75 4,454.88 8118 06/06/1950 10/18/1995 2.17 2.17 1,717.44 7113 08/20/1958 08/08/1988 9.33 5.50 2,186.88 0004 01/10/1969 07/14/1992 5.42 5.42 1,237.44 5709 09/19/1976 11/29/1994 3.08 3.08 562.20 7835 08/27/1951 08/25/1981 16.33 8.08 2,453.28 6010 04/20/1971 05/16/1994 3.58 3.58 1,024.92 8263 06/11/1965 10/02/1988 9.17 9.17 2,106.48 2906 08/01/1956 10/19/1992 5.17 1.50 216.96 2763 05/16/1955 02/03/1994 3.83 3.83 996.96 3523 08/07/1953 10/03/1979 18.17 18.17 6,446.28 5537 11/03/1942 07/25/1994 3.42 3.42 809.16 2449 01/09/1971 11/13/1996 1.08 1.08 214.56 4475 01/17/1966 01/31/1994 3.92 3.92 1,036.20 6731 08/02/1969 06/21/1993 4.50 4.50 2,094.36 2035 09/24/1948 10/02/1978 19.17 19.17 7,514.64 9976 05/29/1967 10/24/1995 2.17 1.50 367.68 7796 02/20/1975 05/24/1995 2.58 2.58 644.52 7871 01/09/1947 08/19/1996 1.33 1.33 924.96 9330 11/05/1945 04/19/1995 2.67 2.67 752.76 4409 09/23/1962 04/25/1988 9.67 9.67 3,795.96 5074 10/03/1942 06/22/1995 2.50 2.50 515.40 3598 04/22/1951 01/13/1992 5.92 1.50 347.88 1811 08/21/1965 08/11/1993 4.33 4.33 1,535.16 8684 08/07/1941 06/24/1994 3.50 3.50 882.12 9415 12/08/1963 02/01/1995 2.92 2.92 704.28 0905 04/15/1954 05/03/1990 7.58 7.58 2,294.04 3079 05/20/1955 06/14/1995 2.50 2.50 553.92 

K-18 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 6126 12/07/1970 09/15/1995 2.25 2.25 561.36 8837 03/16/1958 08/23/1993 4.33 4.33 1,484.76 1170 08/10/1967 12/07/1989 8.00 7.50 1,531.08 7277 09/30/1966 01/09/1990 7.92 7.92 1,713.60 7899 07/31/1944 03/15/1993 4.75 4.75 1,728.96 8329 08/30/1959 07/17/1995 2.42 2.42 535.44 6583 08/15/1969 01/02/1996 1.92 1.92 442.56 7066 11/06/1966 01/29/1987 10.92 10.92 2,981.16 2534 05/16/1957 09/19/1993 4.25 4.25 981.84 5356 08/13/1956 04/23/1996 1.67 1.67 384.84 1634 12/17/1968 06/14/1989 8.50 8.50 2,457.72 6755 01/30/1967 04/03/1996 1.67 1.67 384.84 2487 11/26/1965 10/09/1988 9.17 8.08 2,606.64 4620 06/28/1957 07/15/1991 6.42 1.50 349.08 5704 07/10/1943 01/04/1995 2.92 2.92 653.04 1265 09/07/1959 09/05/1989 8.25 2.75 550.68 9282 06/13/1967 05/18/1992 2.00 2.00 392.40 5501 08/30/1963 11/03/1995 2.08 2.08 575.76 8870 06/01/1964 03/31/1993 4.75 4.75 1,251.72 0652 08/18/1956 06/29/1988 9.50 8.08 2,867.76 2743 08/21/1968 05/11/1995 2.58 2.58 648.72 1136 07/22/1958 03/13/1995 1.25 1.25 317.88 5755 05/02/1941 10/28/1996 1.17 1.17 225.12 2044 12/22/1968 09/07/1993 4.25 4.25 999.60 3713 03/26/1942 04/01/1986 11.75 11.75 2,481.60 2184 04/03/1960 10/21/1993 4.17 4.17 917.28 6564 10/16/1935 08/01/1988 9.42 9.42 6,547.08 0084 07/08/1938 04/03/1995 2.67 2.67 640.32 1772 08/03/1962 10/14/1981 16.17 8.08 2,819.88 6884 01/20/1943 06/21/1990 7.50 7.50 1,799.28 7114 04/14/1966 02/19/1996 1.83 1.83 471.96 1589 09/28/1967 02/19/1996 1.83 1.83 497.16 7619 03/23/1956 01/30/1990 7.92 7.92 2,726.28 8427 12/24/1960 04/25/1991 6.67 6.67 1,899.84 2269 03/17/1955 09/09/1996 1.25 1.25 290.52 7056 10/29/1944 02/15/1988 7.17 7.17 1,229.40 4842 10/24/1964 09/03/1996 1.25 1.25 937.56 3414 03/13/1953 08/13/1984 13.33 13.33 8,275.68 0703 10/23/1959 02/27/1995 2.83 2.83 978.12 6747 07/19/1951 12/10/1990 7.00 7.00 2,710.44 2384 01/18/1966 02/26/1996 1.83 1.83 497.16 8591 10/28/1955 06/28/1983 14.50 1.50 569.16 4925 06/04/1960 05/02/1989 8.58 8.58 2,161.20 K-19 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 8412 06/25/1934 03/05/1990 7.75 7.75 1,976.52 2266 09/13/1956 09/13/1994 3.25 3.25 714.12 3316 05/12/1946 02/04/1991 6.83 6.83 2,080.32 6945 01/31/1953 02/09/1981 16.83 8.08 1,913.64 5837 08/09/1971 11/25/1996 1.08 1.08 205.20 9205 04/18/1963 05/22/1995 2.58 2.58 573.36 2725 06/18/1964 07/22/1993 4.42 4.42 1,244.40 4058 11/28/1959 02/27/1989 8.83 8.83 3,057.12 6174 12/14/1945 03/15/1991 6.75 6.75 1,894.56 9094 05/19/1947 01/14/1993 4.92 4.92 1,248.00 6978 05/04/1969 11/13/1996 1.08 1.08 293.76 1586 06/11/1964 11/18/1996 1.08 1.08 203.64 3411 03/16/1948 03/28/1991 6.75 6.75 2,001.00 6818 06/25/1968 09/30/1993 4.25 4.25 1,334.04 5900 06/24/1938 09/04/1973 24.25 24.25 14,725.56 5859 06/14/1945 06/01/1988 9.58 9.00 2,256.36 0762 05/15/1962 04/01/1996 1.75 1.75 511.56 0748 11/06/1963 11/18/1991 6.08 1.50 608.88 6120 06/19/1930 11/20/1967 30.08 1.50 531.96 7267 09/14/1950 12/16/1996 1.00 1.00 190.08 3432 12/04/1967 08/20/1987 10.33 0.25 82.80 3443 01/01/1959 12/30/1986 11.00 8.08 2,470.20 7556 11/03/1956 03/07/1994 3.75 3.75 978.00 9877 12/31/1944 12/06/1993 4.00 4.00 1,126.92 7743 01/11/1963 02/20/1990 6.42 6.42 2,539.92 4148 06/28/1952 12/13/1994 3.00 3.00 638.52 1014 04/08/1972 12/30/1996 1.00 1.00 283.44 8065 09/15/1970 05/24/1996 1.58 1.58 506.64 8343 01/31/1969 08/29/1989 8.33 7.50 2,395.08 6289 12/25/1939 06/09/1980 17.50 9.00 3,926.52 4198 08/20/1963 04/06/1989 8.67 8.67 2,029.20 8279 12/14/1959 01/05/1994 3.92 3.92 1,132.08 5444 06/26/1968 03/25/1996 1.75 1.75 474.60 9535 05/12/1936 11/29/1993 4.08 4.08 1,064.52 4147 04/09/1962 07/01/1991 6.50 6.50 1,995.36 6844 07/29/1956 05/13/1991 6.58 6.58 2,341.80 0635 04/03/1974 12/02/1996 1.00 1.00 203.40 1469 04/01/1947 01/14/1989 8.92 8.92 2,107.08 3589 07/16/1942 11/13/1978 19.08 19.08 13,627.08 4833 03/24/1957 06/21/1991 6.50 6.50 1,523.64 4188 06/18/1949 07/23/1993 4.42 4.42 1,055.52 2626 02/25/1957 03/31/1986 11.75 4.50 3,156.96 9376 07/17/1970 10/07/1993 4.17 4.17 1,138.08 

K-20 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 0395 04/30/1949 08/26/1993 4.33 4.33 1,254.60 8630 09/09/1956 04/28/1988 9.67 5.50 1,873.44 4533 11/04/1958 01/11/1988 9.92 9.92 3,189.12 2855 04/07/1961 12/21/1989 8.00 7.50 2,517.12 0285 04/22/1963 03/01/1991 6.83 6.83 2,216.28 5068 02/19/1943 09/20/1990 7.25 7.25 1,982.76 6434 10/24/1947 07/08/1991 6.42 6.42 1,749.60 9725 06/19/1948 07/12/1993 4.42 4.42 1,215.60 0623 11/14/1966 09/20/1993 4.25 4.25 1,236.84 6053 09/11/1958 10/01/1991 6.25 6.25 1,106.28 6552 07/21/1968 10/11/1993 4.17 4.17 1,187.52 2769 06/27/1958 09/20/1992 5.25 5.25 1,111.80 0871 09/13/1959 06/09/1986 11.50 8.08 1,992.36 4262 09/18/1959 07/09/1978 19.42 19.42 4,836.00 0615 03/02/1968 07/16/1986 11.42 11.42 2,952.00 1097 08/24/1960 10/23/1991 6.17 6.17 1,301.52 1205 01/23/1973 03/23/1992 5.75 5.75 1,326.60 3259 10/09/1959 04/08/1980 17.67 8.08 2,119.44 2411 06/12/1960 05/13/1986 11.58 8.08 2,069.04 3035 01/30/1960 11/06/1978 19.08 19.08 7,171.32 3235 06/01/1964 01/29/1985 12.92 12.92 2,903.64 3239 03/28/1966 09/12/1984 13.25 13.25 3,543.84 3860 02/21/1963 06/15/1981 16.50 8.08 3,131.04 5395 04/07/1968 08/16/1990 7.50 5.50 1,467.36 5891 04/30/1975 11/17/1993 4.08 4.08 1,121.52 6815 01/14/1971 04/26/1989 8.67 5.50 2,154.00 1179 08/30/1961 03/04/1981 16.75 16.75 4,549.08 2655 06/01/1961 06/18/1979 18.50 18.50 3,622.80 4965 01/04/1961 03/17/1987 10.75 8.08 1,947.24 1849 03/25/1966 05/28/1986 11.58 8.08 2,246.88 2341 04/06/1967 04/29/1987 10.67 8.08 2,063.04 8180 10/09/1961 05/04/1983 14.58 8.08 3,000.84 2501 01/03/1961 07/29/1987 10.42 8.08 2,370.12 2821 12/02/1960 09/19/1983 14.25 8.08 2,998.56 3467 08/28/1961 04/20/1982 15.67 8.08 2,648.04 4598 01/11/1961 07/30/1979 18.42 8.08 3,254.52 6847 01/12/1966 07/06/1987 10.42 10.42 2,362.08 6901 12/19/1963 11/17/1993 4.08 4.08 971.64 8037 10/31/1962 05/03/1995 2.58 2.58 524.40 9852 08/29/1965 07/18/1984 13.41 8.08 2,086.44 4882 08/22/1962 07/23/1985 10.42 0.75 241.80 2278 01/10/1968 05/10/1990 7.58 7.50 1,278.12 8505 02/14/1965 10/14/1993 4.17 4.17 1,226.04 K-21 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 0745 03/10/1963 07/28/1983 14.42 8.08 3,447.24 3308 07/21/1964 09/06/1983 14.25 8.08 2,312.52 9535 03/03/1965 05/29/1991 6.58 6.58 1,468.08 3505 07/25/1966 04/08/1988 9.67 9.67 1,936.56 4165 03/10/1965 09/08/1987 10.25 10.25 1,853.28 4939 01/21/1964 10/03/1983 14.17 14.17 2,408.04 4160 05/26/1968 10/14/1985 10.75 4.17 587.16 5730 10/09/1967 06/05/1986 11.50 8.08 2,482.20 0644 12/17/1974 04/08/1993 4.67 4.67 1,008.48 5688 12/29/1969 03/31/1989 8.75 8.75 2,053.80 5847 03/19/1968 08/12/1985 12.33 12.33 2,268.36 8423 02/13/1968 05/14/1987 10.58 10.58 2,103.84 8662 12/02/1967 04/25/1990 7.67 7.67 1,848.96 8700 05/23/1966 08/16/1990 4.08 4.08 561.24 1057 02/28/1932 01/27/1988 9.92 9.92 3,068.04 5009 06/04/1933 09/12/1983 14.25 14.25 4,785.72 6530 09/12/1932 12/18/1988 9.00 9.00 1,848.00 8958 12/01/1938 03/06/1967 30.75 30.75 5,724.00 8673 11/24/1971 12/06/1992 5.00 5.00 1,231.80 5922 01/03/1971 02/17/1992 5.83 5.83 1,263.60 7167 07/10/1971 05/23/1992 5.58 5.58 1,165.56 0734 07/16/1939 02/19/1962 35.83 35.83 7,712.64 5909 08/04/1937 10/30/1986 11.17 8.08 2,629.44 6663 01/01/1939 07/12/1978 19.42 8.08 3,439.08 7175 01/02/1938 01/14/1987 10.92 8.08 2,824.68 1274 10/30/1938 05/26/1969 28.58 28.58 5,222.28 4701 03/07/1939 01/16/1967 30.92 30.92 9,059.76 4876 09/10/1941 10/22/1986 11.17 11.17 2,919.60 8014 06/12/1939 08/01/1988 9.42 8.08 2,146.68 3431 09/06/1946 01/04/1976 21.92 21.92 3,675.48 2216 02/16/1946 07/20/1976 21.42 21.42 4,105.08 5711 04/28/1947 12/01/1965 32.08 8.08 6,380.76 7282 08/02/1951 08/18/1969 28.33 28.33 5,517.84 8125 11/03/1947 06/15/1966 31.50 31.50 8,265.96 8235 12/07/1948 06/08/1966 31.50 31.50 7,592.04 8607 03/11/1948 08/30/1982 15.33 15.33 3,812.76 8609 10/22/1947 11/29/1971 26.08 26.08 6,843.36 8885 05/28/1948 03/01/1993 4.83 4.83 816.72 9043 12/11/1947 10/09/1987 10.17 10.17 2,564.16 9137 10/15/1950 07/21/1971 26.42 26.42 5,216.40 9857 10/04/1950 10/12/1971 26.17 26.17 6,573.36 5758 05/15/1950 07/13/1970 27.42 8.08 3,706.32 8804 06/20/1953 08/27/1978 19.33 8.08 2,477.40 

K-22 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 2844 11/28/1953 05/26/1975 22.58 22.58 3,676.20 2873 02/16/1954 09/17/1973 24.25 24.25 4,245.96 2890 12/05/1955 08/27/1973 24.33 24.33 4,352.76 3027 01/29/1954 03/06/1972 25.75 25.75 5,312.04 3155 06/10/1954 06/19/1972 25.50 25.50 5,500.92 3173 11/01/1957 02/02/1976 21.83 21.83 7,054.44 3216 02/08/1957 06/17/1975 22.50 22.50 5,758.20 3302 08/10/1955 02/04/1992 5.83 5.83 1,314.48 3490 05/01/1957 02/14/1977 20.83 20.83 3,612.36 3495 09/05/1958 09/20/1976 21.25 21.25 4,533.48 3641 04/06/1956 12/18/1985 12.00 12.00 3,218.40 5575 03/04/1954 09/04/1994 3.25 3.25 599.76 1208 11/05/1957 03/14/1977 20.75 8.08 4,125.60 8967 02/09/1955 12/31/1979 18.00 8.08 3,160.92 4680 11/18/1956 10/10/1993 4.17 4.17 1,124.64 5670 08/19/1961 01/03/1980 17.92 8.08 4,253.76 6299 03/05/1964 08/11/1983 14.25 0.83 263.88 7755 10/26/1958 10/09/1978 19.17 19.17 5,341.56 8281 09/24/1958 01/12/1987 10.92 10.92 2,145.00 8354 06/19/1957 07/14/1986 11.42 11.42 2,534.40 8702 01/15/1964 08/17/1983 14.33 8.08 2,335.56 2385 03/16/1959 10/09/1978 19.17 19.17 3,843.60 4200 11/01/1957 06/23/1976 21.50 8.08 2,583.60 6460 05/29/1958 03/27/1984 13.75 8.08 2,863.56 7076 06/17/1958 03/22/1992 5.75 5.75 1,173.12 9968 10/20/1957 08/15/1985 12.33 8.08 2,634.00 4898 07/22/1958 06/07/1976 21.50 21.50 4,108.68 0092 12/15/1959 11/02/1978 16.16 5.08 2,885.88 2925 12/09/1959 10/08/1982 15.17 8.08 3,854.88 6466 04/30/1963 07/19/1984 13.42 8.08 2,710.68 6492 09/26/1964 11/10/1982 15.08 8.08 3,198.36 8068 11/08/1958 07/16/1979 18.42 18.42 5,312.88 9097 02/19/1958 11/12/1979 18.08 8.08 2,597.76 0866 10/31/1961 12/11/1989 8.00 8.00 3,897.48 7087 10/24/1960 03/24/1987 10.75 10.75 3,015.96 0227 12/31/1959 07/03/1994 3.42 3.42 1,256.16 0301 06/02/1962 08/10/1987 10.33 10.33 2,198.64 9028 11/10/1959 07/12/1979 18.42 8.08 2,709.24 2330 09/11/1964 05/20/1990 7.58 7.58 1,590.72 3190 11/03/1975 03/11/1996 1.75 1.75 379.32 4300 08/29/1966 09/03/1992 5.25 5.25 1,080.96 5048 04/18/1975 06/23/1995 2.50 2.50 550.20 0081 06/26/1962 08/08/1980 17.33 8.08 2,411.88 K-23 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 1959 01/24/1961 03/16/1987 10.67 0.08 22.32 3460 03/31/1972 12/09/1996 1.00 1.00 210.84 9702 08/29/1961 04/01/1992 5.75 5.75 1,370.04 0747 06/28/1967 05/09/1990 7.58 7.58 1,606.20 5930 01/22/1964 07/23/1984 13.42 13.42 2,393.40 6127 12/14/1962 05/18/1988 9.58 8.08 1,832.16 3113 02/20/1964 05/27/1985 12.58 8.08 2,496.96 7377 03/17/1964 06/01/1981 16.58 16.58 3,350.64 1975 11/29/1964 12/08/1986 11.00 11.00 2,494.08 6696 03/05/1974 09/09/1996 1.25 1.25 263.64 8994 11/02/1962 02/01/1984 13.92 8.08 2,012.40 9362 07/11/1966 10/03/1995 2.17 2.17 732.24 2171 09/05/1964 10/12/1987 10.17 10.17 2,504.04 2332 09/06/1965 05/11/1986 11.58 8.08 2,213.64 4647 09/14/1965 07/24/1985 12.42 8.08 1,878.36 9625 05/03/1964 08/10/1987 10.33 8.08 2,600.88 0728 08/28/1965 01/16/1985 12.92 12.92 2,960.88 8606 04/19/1966 01/26/1992 5.92 5.92 1,502.04 8200 09/28/1970 03/03/1992 5.75 5.75 1,192.32 7796 12/06/1972 07/21/1991 6.42 6.42 1,693.20 7917 09/30/1968 11/02/1987 10.08 10.08 2,011.20 9166 08/27/1969 08/18/1987 10.33 7.50 1,801.68 6453 06/14/1969 03/30/1993 4.75 4.75 1,045.32 7231 06/27/1975 09/14/1992 5.25 5.25 1,247.76 7582 11/03/1973 09/20/1996 1.25 1.25 256.44 3610 10/12/1970 12/08/1991 6.00 6.00 1,357.56 0199 10/24/1974 07/29/1993 4.42 4.42 1,053.36 3041 04/09/1977 07/12/1996 1.41 1.41 298.08 8821 06/18/1976 09/19/1994 3.25 3.25 650.64 5554 09/08/1940 09/08/1987 8.83 6.66 1,929.84 5808 06/06/1939 03/09/1964 33.75 8.08 4,318.56 7451 02/07/1940 11/29/1981 16.08 8.08 4,771.32 7941 01/30/1938 06/26/1972 25.50 25.50 4,860.00 8895 12/27/1941 04/27/1970 27.67 27.67 5,939.52 0069 06/21/1945 08/25/1980 17.33 17.33 2,755.08 1328 09/16/1943 10/02/1961 36.17 36.17 8,380.56 1861 10/31/1941 06/28/1967 30.50 30.50 7,185.60 2090 02/14/1944 07/01/1962 26.83 26.83 10,580.52 4207 07/08/1944 11/13/1972 25.08 25.08 4,263.60 0543 09/07/1944 01/20/1965 32.92 8.08 4,121.04 7837 09/21/1943 08/22/1977 20.33 20.33 23,311.44 9718 03/05/1944 05/12/1987 10.58 8.08 2,114.40 6072 09/01/1946 04/21/1981 16.67 8.08 3,825.36 

K-24 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 6166 04/24/1950 02/09/1981 15.33 6.58 1,330.08 6701 05/21/1947 05/26/1987 10.58 8.08 2,071.08 6709 11/28/1946 07/16/1987 10.42 8.08 3,718.80 8739 02/06/1950 01/11/1984 13.92 8.08 2,723.04 7442 03/19/1950 08/03/1994 3.33 3.33 658.80 3547 01/29/1960 05/28/1980 17.58 8.08 4,604.40 1415 12/21/1950 04/14/1970 27.67 27.67 10,098.00 2012 01/31/1950 03/02/1969 28.75 28.75 8,901.72 2089 08/15/1951 03/06/1973 24.75 24.75 5,956.92 2189 05/22/1953 11/14/1971 26.08 26.08 6,200.64 4353 01/11/1951 03/09/1976 21.75 21.75 4,994.52 0719 03/01/1951 11/15/1982 15.42 9.33 7,499.04 1428 07/06/1953 07/12/1971 26.42 8.08 4,337.28 1632 06/19/1952 01/02/1980 18.00 8.08 2,724.48 1697 09/17/1953 09/26/1972 25.25 8.08 4,527.48 2045 04/18/1952 01/06/1981 14.00 5.16 1,872.36 2663 08/03/1951 08/11/1986 9.08 5.83 1,697.88 2664 12/10/1954 08/04/1983 14.33 8.08 3,768.24 2840 04/03/1952 09/02/1980 17.33 8.08 2,925.84 2891 12/22/1953 08/08/1984 13.33 8.08 3,029.76 3620 11/09/1953 07/09/1992 5.42 5.42 1,526.04 4077 04/26/1954 08/14/1995 2.33 2.33 1,118.64 4103 12/29/1953 08/24/1987 10.33 8.08 2,634.84 4763 08/13/1954 07/17/1988 8.08 6.75 1,486.44 5010 02/20/1953 04/24/1972 25.67 25.67 9,578.04 5013 07/26/1953 05/03/1976 21.58 21.58 5,107.20 5141 08/10/1953 04/10/1978 19.67 19.67 3,569.64 5143 02/11/1953 06/06/1972 25.50 25.50 9,819.60 5223 04/19/1956 05/07/1987 10.75 10.75 2,222.40 5239 06/22/1955 08/18/1975 22.33 22.33 3,870.00 5252 08/26/1953 09/06/1994 3.25 3.25 691.80 5436 04/02/1951 09/08/1969 28.25 28.25 8,280.72 5788 11/03/1954 03/25/1973 24.75 24.75 10,008.12 7304 08/02/1953 05/22/1972 25.58 25.58 6,357.72 7495 10/07/1954 08/08/1993 4.33 4.33 1,049.88 7904 06/01/1955 05/18/1979 18.58 8.08 2,227.32 7957 06/19/1957 02/22/1996 1.83 1.83 544.20 8630 08/11/1954 08/25/1988 9.33 5.50 1,323.00 8705 06/29/1956 07/21/1986 11.41 8.08 2,187.48 8740 08/01/1954 02/09/1996 1.83 1.83 385.68 8795 09/29/1958 11/11/1992 5.08 5.08 912.36 9023 08/04/1956 08/05/1987 10.33 8.08 2,118.36 9389 07/13/1954 09/21/1976 21.25 8.08 2,161.44 K-25 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 9913 06/27/1955 08/11/1995 2.33 2.33 539.64 2521 05/20/1954 08/15/1977 20.33 20.33 4,323.36 4231 08/21/1955 10/10/1983 14.17 14.17 3,749.16 4235 05/16/1958 05/20/1991 6.58 6.58 1,606.20 4334 04/24/1957 04/14/1975 22.67 22.67 6,861.12 4475 05/29/1956 02/23/1976 21.83 21.83 3,715.92 4583 11/20/1956 05/10/1993 4.58 4.58 999.60 4625 03/30/1956 06/11/1974 23.50 23.50 8,130.48 4643 06/24/1957 03/31/1988 9.75 9.75 2,239.32 4681 03/22/1953 09/20/1971 26.25 26.25 4,636.56 4690 01/09/1953 09/03/1987 10.25 10.25 2,236.80 4844 10/18/1956 11/03/1986 11.08 11.08 2,314.68 4862 10/22/1959 08/21/1979 18.33 18.33 3,724.44 4974 03/21/1955 02/02/1987 10.83 10.83 2,093.16 0046 03/24/1958 10/07/1985 12.17 8.08 2,540.04 0428 05/09/1958 11/14/1982 15.08 8.08 2,424.36 0440 12/12/1963 08/03/1982 14.08 6.83 2,919.36 0465 05/20/1955 08/30/1990 7.33 7.33 2,086.92 1161 02/02/1955 06/20/1990 7.50 7.50 2,978.16 1783 05/01/1955 06/09/1994 3.50 3.50 948.84 1832 09/01/1956 04/29/1992 5.67 5.67 1,238.76 2069 03/04/1955 11/29/1973 24.08 8.08 3,247.80 2358 09/02/1958 08/18/1995 2.33 2.33 687.72 3866 08/10/1966 09/27/1987 10.25 10.25 2,487.24 2802 02/27/1961 08/04/1995 2.33 2.33 642.84 2870 12/22/1956 07/10/1978 19.42 8.08 2,836.32 3087 03/24/1959 10/01/1991 6.25 5.50 1,356.84 3281 06/09/1956 12/02/1986 11.08 8.08 2,064.48 3401 08/31/1963 07/24/1988 9.42 8.08 2,152.32 3779 01/21/1959 03/10/1980 17.75 8.08 4,045.80 3985 07/06/1963 12/06/1996 1.00 1.00 210.84 4066 05/23/1958 05/22/1979 18.58 8.08 3,371.28 4075 01/13/1955 08/12/1985 12.33 8.08 2,517.12 4231 11/23/1958 07/29/1985 12.42 8.08 2,265.48 4472 08/08/1967 08/31/1987 10.33 5.50 2,417.04 4586 07/04/1959 12/15/1986 11.00 8.08 5,327.40 1045 06/12/1959 07/11/1977 20.42 20.42 3,610.56 1258 03/26/1957 06/16/1975 22.50 22.50 3,741.48 2010 11/18/1961 11/16/1988 9.08 8.08 2,195.04 9712 04/19/1966 08/22/1983 14.33 1.58 475.20 9891 07/18/1964 02/10/1992 5.83 5.83 1,377.12 3456 10/02/1959 10/10/1977 20.17 20.17 4,179.12 9316 06/22/1957 01/13/1993 4.92 4.92 1,458.72 

K-26 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 3297 10/28/1957 10/27/1989 8.17 8.17 2,246.16 0220 04/20/1958 05/24/1996 1.58 1.58 434.16 9684 05/04/1970 03/20/1989 8.75 8.75 1,912.68 3267 10/04/1959 03/06/1990 7.75 7.75 1,754.04 3507 08/16/1960 06/05/1991 6.50 5.50 1,655.40 4154 06/24/1973 07/23/1991 6.42 6.42 1,558.20 4190 03/19/1968 07/07/1986 11.42 11.42 2,515.80 6491 02/16/1961 01/19/1989 8.92 8.08 3,017.40 7286 11/22/1962 08/18/1981 16.33 8.08 2,509.92 1171 11/16/1962 09/02/1980 17.25 17.25 3,693.24 4276 01/16/1963 07/30/1980 17.42 17.42 4,888.56 4632 08/10/1963 04/18/1995 2.67 2.67 497.64 9829 10/27/1962 10/19/1987 10.17 10.17 2,530.32 2934 05/05/1962 03/30/1983 12.08 5.42 1,844.04 2943 12/16/1963 06/24/1985 12.50 8.08 2,418.48 5072 02/07/1972 11/19/1996 1.08 1.08 228.48 6455 05/21/1962 08/24/1981 16.33 16.33 4,256.64 2401 11/24/1960 08/01/1985 12.42 8.08 2,166.84 6644 02/15/1964 08/02/1982 15.42 8.08 7,229.28 9197 06/17/1970 08/17/1993 4.33 4.33 933.12 9416 11/29/1966 02/24/1993 4.83 4.83 961.56 9949 06/10/1965 11/06/1986 9.83 6.83 2,016.12 2631 01/02/1964 01/25/1988 9.92 9.92 2,062.32 4593 08/06/1965 11/19/1986 11.08 8.08 1,781.64 5157 12/19/1962 10/01/1991 6.25 6.25 1,363.68 5430 09/14/1971 06/22/1993 4.50 4.50 987.60 6753 10/23/1960 04/11/1988 9.67 9.67 1,970.28 9183 04/22/1963 07/15/1984 13.42 8.08 2,485.68 9608 01/10/1961 09/19/1977 23.33 17.42 3,352.32 0469 08/15/1964 06/07/1988 9.50 8.08 1,801.32 2062 08/02/1962 08/06/1985 12.33 8.08 2,196.48 2232 09/11/1961 08/21/1980 17.33 8.08 2,326.44 0084 08/02/1962 01/08/1993 4.92 4.92 1,490.76 3358 12/21/1961 08/26/1992 5.33 5.33 1,227.48 8399 02/11/1964 09/27/1993 4.25 4.25 1,137.48 6625 06/25/1965 10/03/1983 14.17 8.08 2,359.44 7846 06/16/1961 08/13/1981 16.33 8.08 3,499.56 9744 12/10/1963 11/12/1984 13.08 13.08 3,914.16 4645 01/24/1966 08/14/1984 13.33 8.08 2,441.76 5186 01/26/1965 08/15/1984 13.33 8.08 1,824.72 5353 06/18/1968 01/28/1993 4.92 4.92 1,240.92 1807 09/17/1971 02/05/1995 2.83 2.83 667.56 9240 04/06/1967 09/28/1986 11.25 11.25 2,150.04 K-27 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 0139 07/05/1976 10/18/1996 1.17 1.17 273.24 0780 01/11/1970 02/27/1989 8.83 7.50 1,864.08 2217 12/04/1970 07/27/1993 4.42 4.42 968.52 1360 07/24/1967 09/17/1987 10.25 8.08 2,622.48 3038 09/19/1968 06/12/1986 11.50 8.08 2,689.32 8391 04/22/1933 02/22/1987 10.83 8.08 3,010.32 3722 07/10/1971 05/28/1993 4.58 4.58 1,000.56 0129 05/09/1971 09/25/1991 4.33 4.33 845.40 0723 02/16/1972 08/11/1995 2.33 2.33 694.20 1167 05/22/1934 11/07/1973 24.08 24.08 8,003.16 2620 04/03/1937 01/22/1989 8.92 8.92 2,219.40 3184 08/09/1934 09/08/1958 39.25 39.25 7,768.44 3414 12/10/1937 10/28/1985 12.00 1.00 1,681.92 9332 10/23/1935 09/03/1991 6.25 6.25 1,499.04 2654 08/29/1977 06/14/1995 2.50 2.50 503.88 2060 07/29/1939 11/03/1965 32.08 8.08 3,621.96 7648 04/10/1938 03/29/1976 21.75 21.75 3,876.00 8002 12/18/1936 04/27/1980 17.67 17.67 4,598.16 4957 09/27/1976 01/09/1995 0.91 0.91 175.08 2647 05/28/1945 09/14/1983 14.25 8.08 2,467.92 2678 03/21/1942 12/27/1965 30.25 6.33 4,406.52 3146 11/20/1942 11/10/1980 14.42 5.42 2,219.76 3449 07/15/1944 02/11/1968 29.83 8.08 5,614.20 4337 12/06/1941 07/21/1988 9.42 8.08 2,439.00 6595 03/09/1945 02/03/1987 10.83 10.83 2,334.96 6769 04/12/1942 11/19/1986 11.08 11.08 2,312.88 6785 12/30/1943 02/17/1992 5.83 5.83 1,485.24 7111 01/10/1941 08/27/1973 24.33 24.33 4,806.84 8689 08/31/1942 03/07/1962 35.75 35.75 6,576.84 8709 02/07/1941 06/15/1959 38.50 38.50 7,200.48 9723 07/08/1941 05/29/1967 30.58 30.58 9,708.48 9787 12/09/1939 06/14/1967 30.50 30.50 11,712.96 7600 10/27/1944 09/17/1963 34.25 34.25 12,912.48 8295 07/27/1943 01/20/1969 28.92 28.92 9,571.92 8642 01/14/1945 03/11/1968 29.75 29.75 6,296.88 9360 05/11/1944 02/01/1982 15.92 15.92 5,462.64 9391 07/03/1943 02/05/1962 35.83 35.83 7,588.80 9656 02/02/1946 10/20/1969 28.17 28.17 6,385.68 2894 05/15/1945 12/02/1992 5.00 5.00 1,473.00 7675 03/26/1957 08/30/1977 20.33 8.08 3,054.96 1141 11/03/1949 06/25/1990 7.50 7.50 2,384.88 6562 04/21/1951 09/16/1975 22.25 22.25 4,022.04 6704 12/11/1964 10/01/1986 11.25 11.25 3,428.16 

K-28 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 6718 10/04/1951 05/15/1978 19.58 19.58 4,660.80 7146 01/27/1952 09/24/1973 24.25 24.25 5,530.32 7183 04/28/1952 07/09/1979 18.42 18.42 4,263.36 0882 07/15/1950 04/25/1977 20.67 8.08 4,210.08 7798 08/23/1953 10/05/1982 15.17 8.08 2,387.88 7901 06/02/1952 08/30/1996 1.33 1.33 280.44 8240 05/24/1965 02/11/1987 10.83 8.08 2,889.72 8663 07/24/1953 02/03/1987 10.83 8.08 2,000.16 7711 05/12/1956 12/03/1978 19.00 8.08 2,745.36 9008 03/04/1954 04/05/1995 2.67 2.67 694.08 9389 06/21/1957 09/18/1985 12.25 8.08 2,086.56 9542 05/28/1955 11/06/1978 19.08 8.08 3,371.16 1803 02/29/1960 05/08/1978 19.58 19.58 4,665.96 2993 09/11/1957 10/25/1982 15.17 8.08 2,774.88 4598 09/01/1965 01/02/1986 11.92 0.67 137.64 5323 02/04/1959 08/02/1978 19.33 19.33 4,510.80 6375 06/01/1959 01/24/1978 19.92 19.92 4,680.48 8958 12/17/1956 11/11/1992 5.08 5.08 1,273.20 2133 10/19/1957 09/08/1987 10.25 10.25 2,327.52 6941 08/31/1957 02/18/1992 5.83 5.83 1,249.68 7078 07/26/1958 05/19/1986 11.58 11.58 2,796.96 7249 10/11/1964 11/19/1986 11.08 11.08 2,269.68 7948 08/07/1961 12/08/1994 3.00 3.00 813.72 8458 04/25/1959 07/31/1978 19.42 19.42 4,343.40 2948 05/01/1959 07/19/1976 21.42 21.42 3,947.52 3489 03/18/1958 05/24/1989 8.58 7.50 3,318.00 7046 11/07/1960 08/16/1982 15.33 15.33 6,013.56 8608 05/29/1958 05/11/1986 11.58 8.08 2,138.16 7987 04/09/1974 09/29/1992 5.25 5.25 1,215.60 9377 09/11/1960 02/26/1980 15.67 5.92 2,221.08 0782 12/15/1963 05/02/1983 14.58 14.58 2,814.84 0843 10/23/1959 11/05/1993 4.08 4.08 1,062.60 1842 08/25/1963 08/03/1981 16.33 16.33 3,340.08 2529 07/08/1960 08/02/1978 19.33 19.33 3,736.44 4426 03/25/1967 09/22/1986 11.25 11.25 2,272.68 6004 11/23/1958 08/12/1991 6.33 6.33 1,264.32 0914 09/24/1968 09/26/1988 5.83 4.67 1,453.92 2084 11/29/1962 11/04/1991 6.08 6.08 1,711.92 2717 03/27/1971 05/30/1996 1.58 1.58 397.32 3900 06/30/1958 09/20/1996 1.25 1.25 249.96 7325 08/13/1961 01/28/1980 13.25 13.25 2,040.48 3982 09/04/1964 07/23/1986 11.42 11.42 2,021.76 3381 07/25/1966 12/09/1993 4.00 4.00 1,028.40 K-29 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 7325 02/19/1961 11/11/1993 4.08 4.08 768.24 7891 04/27/1961 02/17/1986 11.75 0.42 101.04 9117 02/17/1965 08/27/1984 13.33 13.33 3,454.80 1906 04/01/1961 04/20/1986 11.67 8.08 1,899.00 4516 10/09/1964 05/03/1982 15.58 8.08 2,677.44 5926 11/03/1961 07/23/1988 9.42 9.42 2,023.68 8757 06/09/1965 03/07/1989 8.75 8.75 2,829.96 9903 09/02/1965 04/28/1991 6.67 6.67 1,325.16 6831 12/19/1965 06/09/1986 11.50 8.08 2,178.96 3513 05/11/1969 06/04/1986 11.50 7.50 2,191.44 8216 09/04/1963 09/20/1996 1.25 1.25 276.72 5345 01/19/1966 05/15/1989 8.58 8.58 1,948.32 5494 07/17/1971 01/27/1993 4.92 4.92 1,093.68 5502 02/19/1965 08/22/1983 14.33 14.33 2,698.80 6910 03/05/1965 06/02/1986 11.58 8.08 2,210.64 9514 04/29/1965 06/09/1995 2.50 2.50 628.80 0656 04/24/1965 09/23/1985 9.83 5.67 1,709.88 4698 04/06/1965 06/09/1993 3.33 3.33 888.48 5621 10/21/1966 08/08/1985 12.33 8.08 3,170.76 7922 04/12/1967 06/26/1989 8.50 8.50 2,446.08 4852 05/26/1966 09/02/1987 10.33 8.08 1,782.60 5172 07/23/1968 08/11/1995 0.83 0.83 160.32 0681 11/07/1968 11/09/1995 2.08 2.08 370.08 7696 07/28/1968 12/27/1991 6.00 5.50 1,509.84 9101 01/03/1968 10/12/1994 3.17 3.17 819.36 0951 06/01/1968 06/25/1988 9.50 9.50 2,194.44 6941 02/16/1972 05/12/1993 4.58 4.58 1,035.60 7059 07/14/1969 10/26/1994 3.17 3.17 936.12 0724 11/20/1969 10/05/1987 10.17 10.17 2,014.68 9774 08/17/1968 08/04/1987 10.33 10.33 2,226.48 9857 01/19/1973 06/16/1991 6.50 6.50 1,221.60 0352 06/10/1935 03/27/1977 20.75 20.75 4,942.08 0817 06/05/1971 11/08/1989 8.08 7.50 1,525.20 4116 10/03/1971 07/23/1990 4.92 4.92 764.28 8654 02/17/1972 09/20/1991 6.25 5.50 1,460.16 9192 02/26/1972 08/31/1993 3.08 3.08 481.92 4161 05/29/1936 08/03/1987 10.33 8.08 2,674.92 4466 11/13/1936 10/02/1991 6.17 6.17 1,694.16 7170 03/24/1941 07/31/1967 30.42 30.42 6,684.00 7555 04/14/1939 01/18/1976 21.92 21.92 4,676.64 3067 09/14/1939 08/20/1978 19.33 19.33 2,033.76 3361 03/19/1942 07/05/1967 30.42 30.42 3,994.80 3670 11/07/1941 05/11/1987 10.58 10.58 1,920.48 

K-30 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 3767 05/03/1938 07/09/1988 9.42 9.42 1,830.24 4043 11/09/1942 08/07/1972 25.33 25.33 5,473.56 4053 10/21/1942 05/31/1971 26.58 26.58 3,450.12 3556 05/24/1944 05/16/1968 29.58 8.08 3,732.60 4172 11/23/1946 01/22/1989 8.92 8.08 2,125.68 4400 06/04/1944 07/08/1986 11.42 8.08 1,850.28 5515 03/02/1947 10/03/1972 25.17 25.17 3,936.00 5530 07/17/1946 05/27/1968 29.58 29.58 5,429.04 6910 09/07/1957 06/05/1977 20.50 20.50 7,000.44 7438 04/22/1947 06/13/1966 31.50 31.50 7,548.36 8884 11/26/1946 03/07/1977 20.75 20.75 3,407.52 8926 07/27/1948 08/24/1966 31.33 31.33 5,635.92 9410 09/03/1949 02/03/1987 10.83 10.83 3,503.40 5715 02/11/1949 06/19/1967 30.50 30.50 6,058.92 6064 02/17/1949 02/14/1983 14.83 14.83 2,999.28 6072 04/14/1949 10/06/1975 22.17 22.17 6,262.08 6304 09/29/1947 06/13/1988 9.50 8.08 2,221.92 6391 05/05/1950 06/03/1973 24.50 24.50 4,741.44 8570 11/13/1948 08/31/1982 15.33 8.08 3,347.16 8921 05/23/1949 05/28/1974 23.58 23.58 5,564.04 5983 02/09/1950 01/04/1971 26.92 26.92 5,069.76 7751 06/24/1950 01/26/1976 24.83 24.83 5,879.16 7911 06/06/1949 08/16/1967 30.33 30.33 6,223.32 8021 05/02/1952 07/22/1970 27.42 27.42 7,146.36 8078 02/25/1951 09/11/1972 25.25 25.25 5,242.44 8090 09/03/1950 07/19/1976 21.42 21.42 6,109.68 8092 12/10/1950 04/28/1969 28.67 28.67 6,181.56 8173 10/27/1948 07/01/1968 29.50 29.50 7,341.72 8237 09/15/1949 09/27/1967 30.25 30.25 6,281.40 8498 05/27/1951 04/13/1976 21.67 21.67 4,166.40 8536 10/21/1949 09/25/1968 29.25 29.25 5,786.88 8548 05/13/1951 04/19/1967 30.67 30.67 6,836.64 8621 01/19/1952 10/02/1991 6.17 6.17 1,680.36 8668 11/24/1951 10/02/1978 19.17 19.17 3,582.72 8700 01/22/1950 05/17/1976 21.58 21.58 4,048.92 8717 06/26/1953 06/19/1972 25.50 25.50 4,987.08 8903 06/17/1952 12/12/1983 14.00 14.00 3,337.56 9011 08/11/1954 09/28/1987 10.25 10.25 2,137.68 9100 11/19/1950 04/28/1989 8.67 8.67 1,886.16 9178 04/09/1958 07/30/1974 23.42 23.42 6,399.00 2237 02/14/1955 07/01/1991 6.50 6.50 1,974.48 7958 12/20/1951 01/06/1971 26.92 26.92 4,415.88 8330 09/27/1955 07/14/1978 19.42 19.42 6,522.60 K-31 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 8562 03/26/1953 08/20/1973 24.33 24.33 5,109.36 8598 10/18/1953 10/08/1979 22.92 22.92 4,018.80 8658 04/14/1954 05/11/1981 16.58 16.58 4,753.56 8667 05/23/1952 01/08/1978 19.92 19.92 5,979.36 8890 10/05/1953 04/17/1973 24.67 8.08 2,517.96 9036 04/06/1954 10/28/1976 21.17 8.08 2,817.72 9269 11/13/1954 10/09/1979 15.50 5.42 1,848.24 9273 08/17/1953 09/12/1991 6.25 6.25 1,437.72 9878 10/20/1952 10/26/1970 27.17 8.08 5,074.80 3049 06/02/1956 08/25/1975 22.33 22.33 6,216.60 3135 02/22/1957 10/28/1980 17.17 17.17 3,814.56 3257 10/15/1958 10/18/1976 21.17 21.17 5,199.60 3350 01/17/1959 05/23/1977 20.58 20.58 4,999.56 3394 11/23/1956 05/21/1978 19.58 19.58 4,273.32 3408 07/21/1954 11/03/1996 1.08 1.08 219.96 3470 09/07/1957 05/09/1977 20.58 20.58 4,458.48 3508 10/17/1960 11/05/1986 11.08 11.08 3,045.24 3546 03/09/1956 06/13/1976 21.50 21.50 4,812.12 3640 01/19/1957 06/15/1976 21.50 21.50 5,316.36 3700 05/31/1956 07/15/1979 15.83 15.83 3,230.52 3775 02/23/1956 07/21/1975 22.42 22.42 5,835.96 7809 05/01/1972 11/03/1993 4.08 4.08 1,056.00 1080 11/30/1956 07/25/1990 7.42 7.42 1,612.08 3590 10/17/1958 02/20/1979 18.83 18.83 3,561.24 4595 08/30/1965 08/31/1983 14.33 8.08 2,510.04 2091 04/26/1959 06/10/1992 5.50 5.50 1,806.60 5118 08/29/1960 01/29/1979 18.92 18.92 4,655.40 3764 03/01/1959 10/17/1988 9.17 9.17 1,695.12 5598 11/14/1973 05/09/1994 3.58 3.58 789.84 5916 10/10/1963 08/19/1981 16.33 16.33 3,220.80 6380 08/06/1973 08/02/1993 4.33 4.33 1,419.24 8353 11/03/1964 06/07/1989 8.50 8.50 1,795.80 1446 12/02/1962 05/11/1980 17.58 17.58 3,643.20 7203 07/03/1961 02/09/1996 1.83 1.83 385.80 9110 09/27/1964 06/21/1983 14.50 14.50 2,965.56 0081 12/10/1971 12/01/1992 5.08 5.08 1,089.72 4607 08/09/1970 05/17/1990 4.25 4.25 559.20 5199 04/04/1960 01/19/1988 9.92 9.92 5,464.44 5241 07/12/1961 08/10/1981 16.33 8.08 3,085.68 5851 08/19/1961 06/01/1989 8.58 7.50 1,619.88 7579 05/13/1960 07/17/1985 12.42 8.08 2,052.84 7708 12/21/1966 12/11/1985 12.00 8.08 2,200.56 8401 08/20/1963 06/02/1987 10.58 8.08 2,217.84 

K-32 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 9455 07/25/1961 06/15/1992 5.50 5.50 1,178.16 0282 05/08/1966 04/07/1986 11.58 0.67 217.44 5863 04/11/1961 08/27/1979 18.33 8.08 2,658.72 7177 12/29/1962 05/27/1988 9.58 9.58 1,771.08 7246 12/30/1960 04/30/1979 18.67 18.67 4,254.12 7258 07/31/1961 01/18/1989 8.92 8.92 1,884.48 3244 07/23/1968 01/26/1989 8.92 8.08 1,505.52 3605 10/09/1972 07/18/1991 6.42 6.42 1,169.64 9674 03/01/1968 10/25/1992 5.17 5.17 1,257.72 9928 07/08/1964 08/08/1984 13.25 13.25 2,648.76 5311 01/02/1963 01/27/1989 8.92 8.92 1,929.48 6084 10/11/1964 06/21/1982 15.50 8.08 2,381.28 8426 10/05/1964 07/18/1991 6.42 6.42 1,637.28 2558 12/18/1970 08/14/1990 7.33 7.33 2,156.16 1795 04/25/1965 02/12/1987 10.83 8.08 2,720.52 2681 10/08/1963 07/23/1991 6.42 5.50 1,556.28 6283 02/21/1964 04/06/1982 15.67 1.67 500.04 9490 11/30/1960 08/25/1986 11.33 11.33 1,966.08 5040 07/12/1967 10/29/1991 6.17 6.17 1,303.56 8241 07/16/1968 02/16/1996 5.25 0.25 66.84 6254 10/05/1964 01/20/1993 4.92 4.92 1,206.72 2764 09/10/1965 08/14/1985 12.33 8.08 2,733.60 4870 02/08/1965 11/08/1992 5.08 5.08 1,355.52 5027 05/11/1968 08/01/1989 8.42 8.42 1,765.20 5645 11/14/1965 06/09/1986 11.50 8.08 1,938.48 8253 05/15/1967 11/17/1986 11.08 8.08 1,864.56 2341 11/30/1963 03/16/1993 4.75 4.75 1,228.08 9413 06/30/1967 06/05/1986 11.50 8.08 2,403.00 0478 07/16/1966 10/05/1987 10.17 10.17 2,259.36 5793 05/05/1973 05/14/1992 5.58 5.58 1,247.40 6431 06/17/1968 09/06/1988 9.25 9.25 2,164.32 6331 11/14/1976 09/08/1996 1.25 1.25 253.80 0503 10/08/1969 01/26/1989 8.92 7.50 1,889.64 8200 05/02/1971 10/15/1992 5.17 5.17 1,297.20 6701 01/04/1972 12/31/1996 1.00 1.00 246.36 4893 07/11/1974 05/18/1993 4.58 4.58 941.76 7970 10/07/1936 09/01/1965 32.33 8.08 11,123.52 7834 03/03/1975 06/08/1994 3.50 3.50 793.92 6189 09/13/1939 04/12/1970 27.67 27.67 5,562.36 6886 02/28/1936 01/31/1989 8.92 8.92 1,892.88 7492 02/06/1937 02/23/1970 38.92 38.92 9,274.92 6096 01/10/1938 09/18/1978 19.25 19.25 3,720.84 2012 03/06/1940 09/17/1969 28.25 28.25 4,046.40 K-33 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 5517 03/12/1942 09/12/1960 37.25 37.25 5,337.24 5552 01/12/1942 07/21/1970 27.42 27.42 5,647.56 6055 10/27/1942 06/03/1970 31.00 31.00 6,137.52 6141 03/01/1944 06/29/1987 10.50 10.50 2,798.88 8958 11/08/1946 06/26/1989 8.50 8.50 2,226.60 6391 07/08/1946 01/17/1977 20.92 20.92 4,159.08 6641 02/16/1944 08/03/1970 33.83 33.83 5,927.40 6673 12/07/1944 08/17/1976 21.33 21.33 7,315.92 6944 04/13/1944 01/12/1976 32.83 32.83 6,879.24 7150 09/26/1944 05/22/1968 29.58 29.58 7,506.84 7609 05/18/1947 01/22/1987 20.42 10.92 2,366.76 9335 01/01/1946 12/03/1975 22.00 22.00 5,680.20 0499 04/10/1951 03/23/1970 27.75 27.75 5,332.20 0856 10/11/1945 10/07/1968 29.17 29.17 8,100.24 2479 04/16/1945 10/08/1969 32.67 32.67 6,313.56 2498 05/30/1947 06/02/1976 21.50 21.50 4,260.48 2965 03/26/1948 08/22/1988 9.33 8.08 2,132.76 3054 05/05/1946 07/24/1986 11.42 8.08 2,166.48 6822 03/06/1947 09/01/1978 19.33 8.08 6,413.88 7102 04/01/1947 03/04/1968 29.75 8.08 4,028.52 4972 02/19/1952 01/05/1987 10.92 10.92 2,243.16 7599 09/10/1948 07/22/1985 12.42 8.08 4,234.08 9255 12/14/1946 01/29/1973 24.92 8.08 13,480.68 9413 05/07/1946 05/24/1989 8.58 7.50 1,910.04 1858 02/18/1949 09/02/1986 11.33 8.08 2,394.36 8309 02/27/1958 05/16/1994 3.58 3.58 877.92 7005 04/22/1952 07/25/1983 22.33 22.33 3,503.64 2577 07/03/1955 05/17/1981 16.58 16.58 3,698.16 2589 10/08/1954 10/04/1976 21.17 21.17 4,324.44 2597 04/25/1954 10/18/1976 21.17 21.17 4,335.12 2647 08/27/1955 06/13/1973 24.50 24.50 5,537.88 2667 09/29/1953 10/25/1972 25.17 25.17 4,676.40 2685 04/07/1954 09/21/1983 14.25 14.25 5,274.72 4211 04/21/1954 10/06/1975 22.17 22.17 3,392.88 4216 09/06/1957 09/30/1975 22.25 22.25 5,335.20 4250 09/17/1955 09/17/1973 24.25 24.25 4,899.72 4367 05/20/1954 09/12/1977 20.25 20.25 5,408.76 4734 09/25/1956 06/19/1974 23.50 23.50 4,293.96 4914 08/31/1955 02/03/1987 10.83 10.83 2,507.88 4951 05/27/1959 02/17/1992 5.83 5.83 1,434.48 4997 05/17/1954 06/05/1972 25.50 25.50 4,539.24 2913 12/23/1951 03/01/1971 26.83 26.83 6,477.84 3033 06/23/1957 10/27/1975 22.17 22.17 7,156.44 

K-34 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 3137 10/25/1955 10/16/1978 19.17 19.17 3,724.20 3194 09/01/1954 09/08/1975 22.25 22.25 3,346.92 3198 11/18/1955 08/16/1982 15.33 15.33 3,342.84 3626 02/21/1955 09/04/1973 24.25 24.25 6,404.88 3672 03/04/1956 10/17/1982 15.17 15.17 1,051.20 3773 09/03/1954 08/22/1973 24.33 24.33 4,420.20 7758 09/16/1957 02/22/1988 9.83 9.83 1,824.24 7770 10/16/1958 04/04/1977 20.67 20.67 3,829.68 7799 08/31/1955 11/06/1973 24.08 24.08 7,184.76 8490 12/29/1954 12/12/1975 24.08 24.08 4,368.12 8531 11/15/1954 10/06/1980 17.17 17.17 3,237.24 8580 10/13/1955 03/02/1992 5.75 5.75 1,455.72 8609 08/09/1956 01/21/1974 23.92 23.92 4,738.32 8665 06/05/1960 01/25/1989 8.92 8.92 1,922.04 8839 10/10/1953 10/09/1972 25.17 25.17 5,315.88 8943 01/01/1967 03/23/1987 10.75 10.75 1,889.04 9074 04/18/1959 10/07/1996 1.17 1.17 267.12 9133 08/08/1958 10/31/1977 20.17 20.17 3,555.36 9189 09/27/1958 04/20/1980 17.67 17.67 4,611.48 0800 07/25/1956 05/23/1983 14.58 8.08 1,800.48 0814 02/05/1957 09/07/1982 15.25 8.08 3,488.40 0889 09/20/1957 08/09/1976 21.33 8.08 3,911.40 0898 06/25/1956 07/08/1985 12.42 8.08 2,433.72 0941 02/07/1956 08/17/1976 21.33 8.08 4,098.84 1109 07/03/1956 01/14/1987 10.25 7.42 1,430.28 1562 07/31/1968 10/27/1988 9.17 8.08 2,175.72 1845 09/16/1955 09/07/1989 8.25 7.50 1,644.96 1925 05/28/1959 09/30/1986 11.25 8.08 2,087.28 2168 08/16/1956 02/24/1980 17.83 8.08 3,200.16 2260 03/05/1966 03/27/1991 6.75 5.50 1,900.20 8187 11/06/1954 04/14/1986 11.67 8.08 1,855.32 8646 10/11/1956 10/28/1992 5.17 5.17 1,995.60 8839 10/13/1960 02/15/1979 18.83 8.08 2,466.48 9121 04/20/1967 06/16/1995 2.50 2.50 703.20 9607 08/01/1967 08/04/1986 11.33 8.08 2,221.08 0185 12/11/1957 07/28/1995 2.42 2.42 572.76 0303 03/31/1960 03/30/1993 4.75 4.75 1,571.28 4031 12/11/1956 06/07/1982 15.50 8.08 2,577.84 6271 03/08/1957 04/15/1992 5.67 5.67 1,505.64 8582 05/16/1960 07/19/1996 1.42 1.42 330.24 0013 04/18/1961 07/18/1979 18.42 18.42 4,255.68 5600 09/10/1961 07/14/1988 9.42 9.42 2,134.44 7784 11/05/1960 10/10/1982 17.25 17.25 4,957.92 K-35 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 8544 02/10/1959 08/20/1987 10.33 8.08 2,171.40 1765 09/20/1963 11/22/1988 9.08 9.08 1,912.20 8391 12/16/1961 03/06/1978 19.75 19.75 5,408.16 8643 01/15/1961 05/29/1979 18.58 18.58 3,683.52 9553 01/02/1961 03/30/1981 16.75 16.75 5,927.76 1738 06/29/1960 08/23/1995 2.33 2.33 542.40 3312 12/03/1963 02/03/1987 10.83 8.08 2,296.32 4617 08/01/1963 02/27/1984 13.83 13.83 2,817.72 9732 01/03/1962 11/10/1993 4.08 4.08 1,024.08 1065 02/21/1964 04/14/1980 17.67 17.67 4,437.48 1102 12/17/1966 07/30/1989 8.42 8.42 1,965.96 5765 09/09/1965 05/16/1988 9.58 9.58 2,219.76 5940 12/16/1963 05/27/1992 5.58 5.58 1,264.32 9593 10/03/1968 07/18/1996 1.42 1.42 280.68 9928 09/02/1961 05/29/1991 6.58 5.50 2,786.40 5267 04/06/1963 11/17/1980 17.08 8.08 2,592.48 5375 06/22/1961 05/08/1979 18.58 18.58 3,466.20 4411 07/26/1965 07/20/1986 11.42 8.08 2,081.88 4449 01/09/1968 09/04/1989 8.25 0.50 109.56 6818 11/17/1961 09/20/1996 1.25 1.25 308.16 9409 07/24/1960 04/22/1981 16.67 8.08 4,400.40 2784 08/17/1963 09/03/1986 11.25 8.08 2,555.64 9583 01/01/1966 04/18/1988 9.67 9.67 1,975.08 0793 09/30/1961 02/10/1980 17.83 17.83 3,724.92 9996 04/22/1971 11/10/1992 5.08 5.08 1,473.96 4052 03/26/1964 06/12/1988 9.50 8.08 2,096.40 6182 08/28/1965 11/12/1984 13.33 13.33 3,624.96 7850 06/09/1964 08/04/1982 15.33 8.08 2,260.32 9233 12/28/1967 04/23/1986 11.67 3.00 871.08 4190 05/07/1966 06/07/1984 13.50 3.17 962.76 9909 06/21/1965 07/27/1981 16.42 16.42 3,116.52 2129 04/16/1966 06/12/1984 13.50 13.50 3,288.00 8715 06/27/1966 06/17/1984 11.67 11.67 2,533.20 8041 10/11/1969 01/03/1994 3.92 3.92 853.20 8088 08/07/1927 09/24/1979 18.25 18.25 2,770.32 1646 12/04/1969 08/17/1988 9.33 9.33 1,954.92 1152 02/10/1969 09/03/1987 10.25 7.50 2,654.52 7704 04/23/1971 01/07/1991 5.00 5.00 819.96 1493 01/13/1935 07/15/1970 27.42 27.42 2,414.04 8545 07/08/1935 03/07/1990 7.75 7.50 1,936.56 9429 01/24/1935 04/17/1986 11.67 8.08 2,282.52 5780 02/01/1972 08/01/1991 6.42 6.42 1,327.32 5578 12/21/1938 01/08/1973 35.17 35.17 5,595.60 

K-36 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 6950 06/14/1973 07/22/1991 6.42 6.42 1,301.40 0980 03/23/1938 02/14/1972 25.83 8.08 4,866.72 8543 06/22/1939 03/22/1967 30.75 30.75 7,164.84 9178 01/20/1936 01/03/1956 41.92 41.92 3,555.00 1949 03/15/1940 03/31/1958 39.75 39.75 5,106.00 1265 08/12/1940 08/24/1982 15.33 8.08 3,695.88 0741 10/01/1945 09/07/1983 14.25 8.08 1,941.72 0821 10/18/1946 10/10/1972 25.17 8.08 3,502.68 3347 09/03/1943 01/01/1985 13.00 13.00 9,427.80 7469 02/17/1946 07/14/1995 2.42 2.42 658.32 0018 11/09/1948 10/17/1994 3.17 3.17 1,421.28 0722 07/25/1949 04/20/1976 21.67 8.08 4,468.56 8119 07/21/1952 06/17/1986 11.50 8.08 2,190.24 8451 03/08/1948 09/13/1989 8.25 7.50 1,444.80 8499 07/23/1949 06/19/1988 9.50 8.08 2,246.52 8799 08/22/1949 08/08/1977 20.33 8.08 3,645.72 5035 09/13/1951 08/02/1972 25.33 25.33 5,246.16 5361 12/04/1954 07/18/1977 20.42 20.42 3,724.08 5710 08/18/1949 11/10/1986 11.08 11.08 2,805.24 5755 01/06/1949 05/01/1974 23.67 23.67 4,701.48 5847 03/20/1950 06/11/1973 24.50 24.50 6,504.48 7252 05/12/1951 07/15/1969 28.42 28.42 5,749.44 7446 05/20/1952 06/08/1971 26.50 26.50 6,739.44 7450 03/12/1950 09/16/1968 29.25 29.25 6,358.80 0845 06/03/1953 09/02/1975 22.33 8.08 3,933.48 1235 12/31/1952 05/06/1974 23.58 8.08 4,565.64 0176 02/16/1954 03/12/1973 24.75 24.75 5,355.84 0489 07/26/1953 04/24/1981 16.67 8.08 3,244.56 0522 09/22/1955 04/19/1989 8.67 8.08 2,898.12 0529 01/23/1957 10/05/1989 8.17 7.50 1,896.12 1035 05/24/1956 01/05/1987 10.92 8.08 2,759.40 1816 12/26/1955 03/31/1980 17.75 17.75 3,487.56 2120 11/24/1955 08/18/1993 4.33 4.33 1,216.92 2171 01/16/1956 07/15/1993 4.42 4.42 1,010.64 2276 05/09/1954 02/22/1977 20.83 8.08 3,026.40 7425 05/16/1963 02/26/1990 7.83 7.83 4,283.88 0796 10/23/1962 02/15/1988 9.83 9.83 1,913.16 1058 01/07/1956 09/06/1976 21.25 21.25 4,605.48 0571 05/06/1962 02/23/1984 13.83 8.08 2,885.76 0736 11/28/1966 10/09/1985 12.17 8.08 1,863.36 1030 08/13/1960 09/26/1977 20.25 20.25 4,324.56 2721 03/25/1966 07/23/1984 13.42 13.42 3,350.28 2913 10/18/1961 09/02/1980 17.25 17.25 4,368.00 K-37 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 4143 03/18/1957 09/15/1981 16.25 16.25 2,896.20 5127 08/21/1959 01/22/1978 19.92 19.92 4,997.16 6325 05/29/1960 06/10/1981 16.50 16.50 3,440.76 8865 12/21/1956 01/05/1987 10.92 3.33 642.84 9267 02/15/1962 09/26/1983 14.25 8.08 2,858.16 4705 10/21/1958 09/30/1987 10.25 10.25 2,475.36 6889 02/26/1958 10/20/1980 19.67 19.67 6,283.32 2052 12/22/1956 01/22/1979 18.92 18.92 3,887.40 4548 06/12/1956 10/16/1988 9.17 9.00 2,667.24 8057 04/12/1960 04/19/1978 19.67 19.67 4,811.52 8338 07/29/1962 08/10/1981 16.33 16.33 2,980.20 8402 09/08/1958 06/17/1979 18.50 18.50 3,414.60 1196 01/16/1964 09/25/1987 10.25 10.25 2,287.80 2630 03/08/1958 07/29/1985 12.42 8.08 2,519.52 7628 02/05/1962 06/20/1983 14.50 14.50 3,414.84 8063 09/13/1956 05/07/1986 11.58 0.17 42.00 8302 09/08/1959 03/12/1978 23.00 23.00 3,975.96 0065 12/30/1960 03/30/1987 10.75 10.75 2,243.52 2764 11/24/1961 10/10/1991 6.17 6.17 1,228.44 6301 05/01/1961 06/11/1979 18.50 8.08 2,539.32 8671 01/22/1964 10/10/1983 14.17 14.17 3,452.04 2122 07/06/1961 10/19/1987 10.17 10.17 2,280.96 5299 10/29/1961 09/17/1980 17.25 17.25 2,839.56 7002 10/28/1960 04/24/1989 8.67 8.67 1,732.08 8390 01/21/1964 05/24/1984 13.58 13.58 4,986.12 8456 08/10/1964 11/17/1986 11.08 11.08 1,836.96 8879 05/01/1963 01/03/1989 8.92 8.92 2,407.68 9481 08/12/1967 07/30/1987 10.42 8.08 2,965.92 0943 06/18/1962 06/09/1995 2.50 2.50 662.64 9705 07/01/1964 07/30/1993 4.42 4.42 1,101.24 1511 09/08/1969 04/11/1989 4.33 3.16 539.69 3502 10/16/1973 10/08/1991 3.42 3.42 616.44 4916 10/01/1966 07/23/1984 13.42 13.42 3,116.64 9503 12/21/1970 10/02/1990 7.17 7.17 1,625.40 7048 10/12/1962 05/07/1986 10.00 6.50 1,433.64 0452 10/31/1968 10/09/1988 9.17 9.17 1,878.96 4902 08/06/1963 08/24/1981 16.33 8.08 2,931.00 9395 08/15/1965 06/21/1983 14.50 14.50 3,520.56 3407 07/10/1969 09/30/1991 6.25 6.25 1,308.00 9740 11/05/1964 11/05/1986 11.08 0.25 60.60 3123 07/31/1966 05/17/1995 2.58 2.58 661.92 7580 07/16/1966 09/30/1987 10.25 10.25 2,138.88 8120 07/03/1965 08/12/1987 10.33 10.33 2,096.28 

K-38 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 1708 08/24/1969 01/12/1992 5.92 5.92 1,271.76 6699 01/30/1967 06/05/1984 13.42 1.33 275.16 7440 10/05/1966 05/18/1987 10.58 10.58 2,508.12 9721 01/28/1967 07/15/1986 8.00 4.67 1,199.28 9336 04/20/1970 06/14/1996 1.67 1.67 336.72 0118 11/11/1969 04/20/1987 10.67 7.50 1,968.84 3870 11/24/1969 06/30/1988 9.50 9.50 1,860.12 6009 04/29/1969 02/19/1990 7.83 7.50 1,543.56 7830 05/06/1974 07/30/1993 4.42 4.42 997.68 2808 09/02/1974 11/06/1992 5.08 5.08 1,215.96 8747 09/01/1932 03/09/1959 38.75 38.75 5,977.80 9459 10/09/1972 03/15/1992 5.75 5.75 1,202.64 9339 06/10/1970 10/06/1988 9.17 9.17 1,910.52 0741 07/05/1934 04/12/1966 31.67 31.67 6,376.08 3428 08/08/1940 11/12/1973 24.08 24.08 5,886.96 3563 10/05/1937 11/22/1976 21.08 21.08 6,505.32 7682 10/24/1937 08/17/1988 9.33 8.08 1,967.88 9925 06/23/1940 12/11/1986 11.00 8.08 2,178.36 8126 10/07/1938 04/20/1964 33.67 33.67 8,327.16 8509 06/10/1938 10/04/1978 19.17 19.17 3,073.08 8639 09/27/1938 03/24/1958 39.75 39.75 5,758.44 8972 02/28/1940 04/27/1959 38.67 38.67 5,939.04 9306 02/13/1941 02/02/1975 22.83 22.83 3,785.40 3123 01/05/1942 11/11/1964 33.08 33.08 5,192.40 3233 05/20/1941 08/12/1993 4.33 4.33 944.04 3497 10/29/1942 04/12/1966 31.67 31.67 7,650.84 5239 10/19/1940 05/30/1985 12.58 8.08 3,088.20 7753 11/04/1942 09/05/1978 19.25 19.25 5,818.56 9804 05/09/1941 01/29/1968 29.92 29.92 4,836.72 7643 11/23/1942 09/09/1970 27.25 27.25 4,615.20 8760 12/14/1942 08/29/1966 31.33 31.33 12,466.08 1300 06/10/1943 06/18/1962 35.50 35.50 8,475.24 2827 06/03/1944 08/31/1966 31.33 31.33 10,681.08 3600 06/22/1946 06/05/1967 30.50 30.50 10,551.96 4780 07/02/1942 04/08/1974 23.67 23.67 3,581.40 4794 05/02/1945 04/04/1966 31.67 31.67 9,704.76 7427 11/13/1946 10/06/1975 22.17 22.17 3,785.40 7763 08/05/1944 03/13/1967 30.75 30.75 8,179.68 8362 01/31/1947 01/11/1971 26.92 26.92 4,951.80 9332 03/14/1947 04/28/1975 22.67 22.67 5,388.60 9505 10/02/1946 10/22/1979 18.17 18.17 3,720.36 5039 09/18/1946 10/20/1975 22.17 22.17 3,987.84 7067 09/07/1947 03/07/1977 20.75 20.75 5,494.92 K-39 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 5403 10/19/1948 08/23/1967 30.33 30.33 5,612.88 5754 02/02/1949 04/21/1971 26.67 26.67 6,778.92 6708 04/10/1949 09/26/1977 20.25 20.25 4,743.24 6810 06/20/1949 11/01/1982 12.75 5.67 2,205.60 7143 02/09/1949 01/12/1976 21.92 21.92 4,291.32 7426 08/20/1946 04/21/1981 16.67 16.67 3,136.56 9465 06/17/1951 09/29/1986 11.25 8.08 4,181.04 2912 06/23/1948 01/28/1993 4.92 4.92 1,031.40 7603 09/03/1952 07/23/1992 5.42 5.42 1,084.92 7755 11/29/1950 12/29/1980 17.00 8.08 2,122.80 8634 04/14/1952 10/07/1993 4.17 4.17 1,372.68 9379 09/22/1949 05/18/1987 10.58 8.08 4,809.24 6316 11/30/1951 11/06/1989 8.08 7.50 2,194.32 6659 09/17/1951 03/30/1981 16.75 8.08 2,691.84 7018 05/04/1964 01/25/1982 14.92 7.08 2,597.40 5071 11/11/1956 05/07/1987 10.58 0.75 201.48 5148 02/11/1958 01/01/1978 19.92 0.08 291.24 5570 10/08/1958 10/12/1989 8.17 7.50 2,267.28 0112 01/05/1968 08/27/1987 10.33 10.33 2,837.52 0117 01/31/1958 09/19/1977 20.25 20.25 5,494.56 0134 09/09/1957 01/27/1992 5.92 5.92 1,402.56 0159 06/03/1958 08/22/1977 20.33 20.33 3,677.04 0208 02/02/1957 12/04/1983 14.00 14.00 3,849.48 0243 04/15/1956 07/21/1988 9.42 9.42 2,075.16 0294 06/10/1957 05/09/1977 20.58 20.58 3,404.40 0308 11/29/1957 10/18/1992 5.17 5.17 1,046.52 0393 09/19/1957 07/02/1987 10.50 10.50 2,021.04 0539 08/31/1955 09/17/1984 11.67 11.67 1,936.08 2335 12/07/1955 03/28/1977 20.75 20.75 4,523.28 2428 04/18/1969 01/12/1989 8.92 8.92 1,650.12 2432 08/17/1965 07/09/1984 17.42 9.83 1,339.44 2442 12/10/1958 02/14/1977 20.83 20.83 5,480.88 0052 08/30/1958 09/08/1975 22.25 8.08 3,518.04 0370 05/01/1960 05/29/1989 8.58 7.50 3,027.48 0479 10/11/1971 05/01/1991 5.50 4.33 1,747.68 0503 12/29/1956 01/19/1981 16.92 8.08 2,585.28 0555 03/26/1960 06/18/1985 12.50 8.00 2,718.48 2307 09/16/1963 05/28/1985 12.58 8.08 2,224.32 2441 01/20/1960 07/29/1985 12.42 8.08 2,351.28 7600 07/29/1956 05/06/1987 10.58 10.58 2,222.40 8916 06/12/1957 05/10/1976 21.58 21.58 4,132.08 8927 08/02/1957 07/29/1975 22.42 22.42 3,803.64 8928 07/22/1959 09/06/1977 20.25 20.25 3,755.28 

K-40 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 9017 01/03/1972 03/24/1993 4.75 4.75 924.48 9125 03/29/1968 08/03/1992 5.33 5.33 1,260.60 9130 01/30/1966 08/02/1993 4.33 4.33 921.96 4049 04/19/1967 03/04/1993 4.75 4.75 1,071.60 4108 06/21/1956 12/05/1983 14.00 14.00 4,560.24 7004 02/11/1957 08/23/1978 19.33 8.08 3,230.16 8466 02/13/1968 11/11/1992 5.08 5.08 1,164.00 9370 01/05/1961 08/03/1987 7.58 7.58 1,388.04 1317 06/26/1960 07/17/1978 19.42 19.42 2,957.64 2771 02/20/1960 05/17/1981 16.58 16.58 3,853.80 3332 06/04/1958 01/02/1981 13.92 5.00 1,598.40 3584 02/28/1959 06/13/1976 21.50 21.50 3,426.84 3909 09/08/1957 09/29/1987 10.25 10.25 1,979.04 4046 05/31/1968 08/27/1987 10.33 10.33 1,917.96 4051 02/25/1958 05/03/1984 13.58 8.08 3,640.80 4460 08/11/1958 08/26/1977 20.33 8.08 3,777.36 9204 01/10/1963 08/24/1981 16.33 8.08 3,543.12 2623 09/17/1960 11/13/1989 8.08 8.08 1,990.56 3808 01/23/1958 02/27/1980 17.83 8.08 3,387.48 3849 08/16/1969 04/25/1994 3.67 3.67 952.08 4230 01/17/1961 01/14/1980 17.92 17.92 4,021.56 3902 04/25/1968 06/24/1986 11.50 3.00 758.64 0181 11/14/1959 08/11/1986 11.33 8.08 2,431.68 2925 01/09/1961 10/28/1980 17.17 17.17 2,847.72 2962 11/18/1973 12/17/1996 1.00 1.00 285.96 9578 11/26/1960 07/17/1991 6.42 6.42 1,150.56 1754 03/25/1962 05/02/1988 9.58 9.58 1,945.20 2408 06/23/1960 01/15/1990 7.92 7.50 1,468.68 3790 06/15/1960 02/18/1990 7.83 7.83 1,907.28 1739 03/12/1964 03/09/1983 14.75 14.75 2,997.84 5489 07/15/1963 09/08/1987 10.25 5.50 2,097.84 8496 01/15/1959 06/24/1992 2.50 2.50 585.12 0589 04/21/1973 01/20/1993 4.92 4.92 1,092.12 3515 01/14/1962 06/21/1995 2.50 2.50 599.04 2524 08/20/1963 07/30/1984 13.42 8.08 2,094.96 4337 04/20/1964 04/11/1983 14.67 14.67 2,522.64 4684 02/17/1962 01/29/1987 10.92 10.92 2,515.92 1361 06/19/1962 06/15/1981 16.50 8.08 2,129.28 5258 09/13/1962 12/13/1989 8.00 7.50 1,964.40 7293 07/27/1968 10/14/1988 9.17 9.17 2,061.12 2361 05/10/1965 06/04/1991 7.25 7.25 1,759.08 3931 09/12/1970 11/09/1988 9.08 9.08 1,790.52 6035 05/09/1966 07/31/1989 8.42 7.50 1,664.52 K-41 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 6476 02/24/1965 07/27/1981 16.42 16.42 2,921.88 8903 05/17/1967 06/08/1987 10.50 10.50 2,120.88 9878 09/08/1963 06/14/1984 13.50 8.08 1,985.88 6840 02/26/1968 10/30/1991 6.17 6.17 1,554.96 8392 08/21/1965 08/02/1989 5.58 4.67 933.00 3039 11/19/1965 06/11/1984 13.50 13.50 2,807.52 4011 07/13/1965 02/27/1984 13.83 13.83 3,429.72 1866 06/13/1966 03/03/1987 10.75 8.08 2,813.40 2864 11/06/1967 01/05/1987 10.92 10.92 2,581.80 9700 02/24/1966 08/01/1984 13.42 8.08 1,805.16 6156 01/12/1968 06/17/1986 11.50 8.08 3,064.20 7503 09/14/1976 01/20/1995 2.92 2.92 609.96 9388 09/30/1967 08/20/1985 12.33 8.08 1,803.60 8955 12/15/1968 08/03/1987 10.33 10.33 2,082.00 2726 11/28/1968 06/17/1988 9.50 9.50 1,873.08 7404 01/30/1972 08/14/1992 5.33 5.33 1,044.24 8266 03/02/1933 08/31/1966 31.33 31.33 6,484.32 0003 03/30/1975 07/26/1993 4.42 4.42 942.00 3571 11/05/1973 04/21/1992 5.67 5.67 1,158.00 6008 09/02/1941 01/06/1969 28.92 8.08 5,502.24 7281 06/03/1944 03/13/1989 8.75 7.50 2,180.16 4659 03/02/1944 09/13/1967 30.25 30.25 6,324.60 7931 06/20/1944 10/15/1979 18.17 8.08 5,334.84 9039 03/08/1942 08/12/1985 12.33 8.08 1,627.80 3649 10/15/1946 01/24/1966 31.92 31.92 7,966.20 0366 06/27/1944 02/25/1991 6.83 6.83 2,071.56 3503 12/05/1945 08/04/1965 32.33 8.08 2,795.88 6774 03/03/1948 01/22/1990 7.92 7.92 2,776.20 5294 12/31/1948 11/08/1967 30.08 30.08 6,096.96 6190 08/28/1946 09/26/1983 14.25 14.25 4,386.72 6644 08/05/1946 11/30/1992 5.08 5.08 1,845.36 7348 07/13/1949 07/22/1968 29.42 29.42 11,167.80 0424 06/25/1947 01/05/1965 32.92 32.92 4,990.92 1631 11/12/1946 07/19/1965 32.42 32.42 7,210.80 0375 04/25/1950 09/08/1986 11.25 8.08 2,515.08 0723 09/21/1953 07/31/1989 8.42 7.50 1,602.96 1363 05/01/1950 07/16/1986 11.42 8.08 2,612.76 1412 01/28/1952 07/27/1987 10.42 8.08 2,560.56 1777 02/03/1950 09/18/1986 11.25 8.08 2,036.40 7426 11/18/1950 11/21/1982 15.08 8.08 3,027.72 1634 01/14/1951 02/27/1978 24.25 24.25 7,345.08 1706 07/17/1954 10/22/1978 19.17 19.17 4,798.92 1893 07/18/1952 03/21/1988 9.75 9.75 2,768.16 

K-42 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 2027 03/31/1953 10/03/1984 13.17 13.17 2,325.84 2922 11/22/1953 12/13/1971 26.00 26.00 8,069.16 2943 09/05/1952 07/28/1988 9.42 9.42 3,183.36 3060 01/03/1953 02/02/1976 24.33 24.33 5,052.36 3117 08/01/1954 11/18/1974 23.08 23.08 4,544.16 3165 08/29/1954 11/15/1976 21.08 21.08 3,958.44 3181 09/19/1952 08/10/1987 10.33 10.33 1,873.32 3263 03/18/1954 11/28/1976 21.08 21.08 4,953.48 3335 10/02/1953 09/21/1987 10.25 10.25 2,479.68 1289 06/01/1960 12/01/1992 5.08 5.08 1,298.40 5012 05/23/1956 07/25/1996 1.42 1.42 286.20 9543 11/13/1956 11/23/1994 3.08 3.08 735.00 0124 12/01/1954 04/15/1981 16.67 8.08 3,783.84 0254 12/20/1953 05/24/1984 13.58 8.08 2,542.92 0612 11/11/1955 01/11/1990 7.92 7.92 1,849.44 0855 01/13/1957 02/20/1986 11.83 8.08 2,313.12 1030 08/03/1955 06/15/1981 16.50 8.08 2,676.84 1110 04/22/1954 07/19/1984 13.42 8.08 3,002.76 1227 01/13/1954 01/15/1975 22.92 8.08 3,846.72 1740 05/06/1953 10/23/1985 12.17 8.08 2,530.20 2264 07/10/1955 09/20/1982 15.25 8.08 2,933.16 0151 05/28/1968 03/03/1993 4.75 4.75 1,186.32 1224 10/20/1958 05/06/1991 6.58 6.58 1,872.24 6226 07/03/1960 09/21/1982 15.25 15.25 3,225.96 6230 01/14/1958 12/28/1986 11.00 11.00 2,728.68 6248 01/16/1956 09/19/1977 20.25 20.25 4,347.84 6292 03/07/1971 11/18/1993 4.08 4.08 848.88 6465 05/10/1958 07/12/1976 21.42 21.42 5,864.64 6516 04/17/1958 06/16/1976 21.50 21.50 4,527.24 7114 09/11/1959 01/14/1979 18.92 18.92 4,648.32 7194 01/21/1958 04/08/1988 9.67 9.67 2,274.36 4205 04/26/1960 05/17/1977 20.58 20.58 4,432.56 4317 03/20/1970 03/15/1993 4.75 4.75 985.92 7287 01/09/1958 08/22/1985 12.33 8.08 2,261.40 9472 06/01/1965 12/12/1988 9.00 7.50 4,034.64 2777 06/19/1965 05/11/1995 2.58 2.58 561.00 7318 09/03/1968 04/06/1987 10.67 10.67 2,113.92 8499 07/20/1965 12/10/1990 7.00 7.00 2,034.72 0006 11/13/1960 08/28/1988 9.33 9.33 2,500.68 3009 07/21/1971 04/26/1991 6.67 5.50 2,110.20 3090 01/31/1960 07/29/1986 11.42 8.08 3,314.28 6971 07/25/1959 08/11/1982 15.33 8.08 2,076.00 7828 03/26/1961 07/11/1990 4.33 4.33 934.80 K-43 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 8746 11/07/1965 07/17/1989 9.00 8.00 2,443.32 9231 12/06/1969 07/24/1988 9.42 9.42 1,898.64 9893 08/12/1959 06/23/1995 2.50 2.50 640.44 1439 12/28/1958 10/06/1991 6.17 6.17 1,544.52 2979 05/26/1959 10/22/1979 16.42 16.42 3,246.24 6125 06/19/1974 07/21/1994 3.42 3.42 939.00 6178 12/05/1960 06/15/1988 9.50 8.08 1,908.84 0106 01/25/1962 01/20/1987 10.92 10.92 2,370.84 6103 11/09/1967 08/03/1987 10.33 10.33 2,287.44 6338 02/21/1966 08/12/1991 6.33 1.50 420.96 7976 10/13/1970 10/04/1996 1.17 1.17 297.72 7663 11/25/1967 12/10/1995 2.00 2.00 353.76 2890 12/21/1971 10/07/1991 6.17 6.17 1,068.84 7693 01/13/1967 03/11/1987 10.75 10.75 2,656.08 9178 06/03/1968 12/16/1988 9.00 9.00 1,717.32 1712 05/11/1961 08/10/1982 15.33 8.08 2,097.24 4968 07/12/1962 06/15/1981 16.50 8.08 3,366.60 5513 09/08/1965 05/13/1992 4.42 4.42 1,033.08 8273 12/12/1962 01/22/1987 10.92 8.08 1,973.76 0229 12/06/1972 05/03/1996 1.58 1.58 534.12 3534 02/04/1964 10/31/1988 9.17 9.17 2,016.24 6492 08/16/1964 05/25/1992 5.58 5.58 1,614.24 7648 08/25/1962 10/07/1992 5.17 5.17 994.92 9459 11/13/1962 09/01/1993 4.33 4.33 1,254.36 4719 04/03/1971 07/21/1991 6.42 6.42 1,786.32 8969 07/05/1963 01/10/1984 13.92 8.08 2,042.40 6375 10/19/1962 09/14/1982 15.25 8.08 2,787.72 4474 09/20/1968 04/18/1988 9.67 8.08 1,736.16 6982 09/21/1966 03/30/1993 4.75 4.75 1,266.84 8580 01/20/1966 02/25/1991 6.83 6.83 2,656.08 0219 04/19/1967 05/24/1988 9.58 9.58 2,001.24 5524 06/14/1971 05/27/1992 5.58 5.58 1,414.20 3176 04/14/1974 05/16/1993 4.58 4.58 989.16 3654 12/02/1970 03/10/1993 4.75 4.75 961.56 9541 11/05/1971 12/07/1989 8.00 7.50 2,057.64 9697 03/19/1971 08/03/1989 8.33 7.50 2,020.08 2124 12/30/1969 06/07/1993 4.50 4.50 979.08 9475 07/18/1967 02/12/1990 7.83 7.83 1,499.52 2837 05/29/1970 09/24/1996 1.25 1.25 263.64 6917 04/23/1971 09/09/1991 6.25 6.25 1,513.68 1570 05/14/1974 12/11/1995 2.00 2.00 359.04 2299 01/22/1973 10/28/1991 6.17 6.17 1,692.00 9297 04/01/1974 04/03/1992 5.67 5.67 1,228.44 

K-44 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 1025 02/18/1937 07/30/1963 40.17 40.17 7,328.16 7395 05/19/1940 06/10/1959 38.50 38.50 6,284.40 7649 01/04/1942 05/29/1967 30.58 30.58 16,929.00 1705 01/20/1942 04/11/1967 30.67 30.67 5,754.96 2131 12/26/1942 06/05/1967 30.50 30.50 7,349.88 8587 11/21/1940 12/29/1986 11.00 8.08 2,093.52 1324 01/18/1943 10/12/1990 7.17 7.17 2,103.48 4836 05/10/1944 04/01/1991 6.75 4.50 6,420.48 4108 09/13/1947 10/02/1967 30.25 8.08 7,271.64 6736 08/07/1945 11/06/1995 2.08 2.08 461.40 5405 09/26/1961 03/28/1988 9.75 9.75 2,210.16 5960 08/29/1946 09/13/1967 30.25 30.25 5,583.96 6251 02/21/1948 06/08/1987 10.50 10.50 1,679.28 7292 08/14/1948 08/22/1966 31.33 31.33 6,936.48 7694 01/01/1947 06/20/1976 21.50 21.50 4,106.88 7714 09/03/1947 02/08/1967 30.83 30.83 8,269.08 8705 01/16/1948 10/30/1973 24.17 24.17 14,500.20 8744 01/18/1947 10/27/1975 27.17 27.17 5,154.48 9747 12/25/1947 07/19/1976 21.42 21.42 4,498.44 0634 07/04/1951 07/08/1980 17.42 8.08 4,941.36 0864 09/23/1953 12/18/1996 1.00 1.00 200.04 0894 01/01/1948 09/05/1985 12.25 8.08 1,974.84 2788 07/14/1951 03/17/1976 21.75 8.08 4,325.40 3025 12/09/1949 08/25/1988 9.33 8.08 2,385.12 4738 08/17/1947 02/12/1996 1.83 1.83 450.96 9330 08/08/1949 01/07/1976 21.92 21.92 4,340.52 9403 11/02/1950 03/15/1972 25.75 25.75 6,668.28 9498 11/06/1934 05/04/1976 28.17 28.17 4,158.72 9627 05/22/1948 05/06/1974 23.58 23.58 5,797.80 9805 09/09/1950 04/15/1969 28.67 28.67 8,561.04 9872 08/06/1948 04/17/1974 23.67 23.67 4,131.84 6159 03/30/1951 04/14/1993 4.67 4.67 1,737.12 1781 01/28/1955 06/11/1978 19.50 19.50 4,679.76 2006 08/14/1952 07/29/1974 23.42 23.42 6,246.48 6204 12/23/1951 01/02/1987 10.92 10.92 2,895.36 6302 04/18/1951 10/22/1987 10.17 10.17 2,077.56 6367 02/16/1952 08/03/1970 27.33 27.33 5,796.00 6558 06/01/1952 11/26/1988 9.08 9.08 2,002.44 6592 06/01/1952 09/17/1978 19.25 19.25 4,439.52 6602 08/12/1950 07/11/1976 21.42 21.42 5,497.68 6841 03/04/1961 10/23/1986 11.17 11.17 3,032.16 6848 10/29/1954 06/11/1973 24.50 24.50 6,474.24 6849 10/16/1952 08/17/1981 16.33 16.33 4,007.04 K-45 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 6869 09/17/1951 02/16/1976 21.83 21.83 4,346.88 7160 04/27/1952 09/12/1988 9.25 9.25 2,899.68 7176 06/15/1952 02/15/1988 9.83 9.83 1,959.12 7187 09/07/1952 05/24/1976 21.58 21.58 4,154.04 1506 03/27/1953 01/10/1974 23.92 8.08 8,203.44 4881 04/30/1953 01/15/1990 7.92 7.50 2,081.76 7580 05/15/1954 10/07/1986 11.17 8.08 2,737.56 8718 09/29/1955 06/06/1973 24.50 8.08 4,142.04 8880 03/09/1955 10/03/1977 20.17 8.08 5,996.16 9618 03/06/1954 06/14/1976 21.50 8.08 2,782.32 9623 06/05/1956 04/14/1980 17.67 8.08 2,806.56 1355 09/24/1955 06/04/1984 13.50 13.50 2,405.40 5555 05/21/1956 04/23/1992 5.67 5.67 1,704.12 4594 08/10/1964 10/25/1983 14.17 8.08 2,398.44 5270 11/20/1967 02/03/1992 5.83 5.50 1,399.32 7286 11/04/1962 07/15/1992 5.42 5.42 1,226.76 7701 04/27/1965 06/09/1992 5.50 5.50 1,208.28 9414 05/25/1963 07/29/1981 16.42 8.08 2,408.28 5620 11/30/1956 06/04/1991 6.50 5.50 1,641.84 7721 06/18/1959 09/19/1977 20.25 20.25 3,865.80 4068 06/22/1964 07/20/1981 16.42 16.42 3,036.12 6290 07/31/1958 09/26/1977 20.25 20.25 3,607.68 8466 02/23/1964 08/03/1983 14.33 8.08 3,283.80 4295 02/06/1959 04/12/1989 7.50 7.50 2,536.20 9703 02/25/1960 12/31/1980 17.00 8.08 3,432.12 6067 04/30/1962 04/17/1995 2.67 1.50 237.00 4480 05/18/1958 04/23/1990 7.67 7.50 1,556.76 0619 05/30/1962 06/21/1996 1.50 1.50 315.72 6831 09/09/1956 10/26/1988 9.17 2.75 673.68 9051 01/07/1973 02/12/1996 1.83 1.83 400.56 6203 05/11/1941 10/05/1964 33.17 33.17 10,389.24 2804 07/13/1948 03/07/1993 2.67 2.67 545.16 0482 04/25/1950 11/02/1977 25.42 25.42 2,996.76 2904 12/31/1951 07/01/1993 4.50 4.50 1,030.32 2203 07/02/1955 08/24/1981 16.33 16.33 13,884.48 4155 06/13/1955 06/13/1973 24.50 24.50 5,652.12 8400 06/29/1960 07/24/1995 2.42 2.42 499.32 1865 10/21/1972 11/14/1994 3.08 3.08 652.92 2014 03/26/1974 08/29/1994 3.33 3.33 734.64 2773 11/22/1963 07/01/1991 6.50 6.50 1,941.84 7417 10/08/1961 06/01/1993 4.58 4.58 1,058.40 4304 04/10/1962 05/01/1990 7.67 7.67 2,753.04 6692 05/12/1972 04/19/1990 4.83 4.83 1,045.92 

K-46 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 0130 07/08/1968 10/29/1993 4.17 4.17 1,025.88 1320 01/17/1942 07/17/1992 5.42 1.50 308.88 2605 10/07/1947 09/12/1983 14.25 8.08 3,111.36 3332 04/13/1961 09/05/1991 6.25 5.50 1,442.28 6180 06/24/1955 08/21/1989 8.33 8.33 1,744.20 7544 10/16/1954 07/12/1988 9.42 9.42 2,038.44 5895 12/31/1962 10/09/1991 6.17 5.50 1,930.44 0560 12/27/1959 11/21/1994 3.08 3.08 687.96 0091 12/31/1968 08/21/1989 8.33 8.33 1,620.84 7255 05/07/1945 06/18/1990 7.50 7.50 2,177.64 6169 08/31/1961 03/23/1989 8.75 8.75 2,458.80 7196 08/27/1967 04/10/1995 2.67 2.67 607.80 7878 12/16/1975 03/20/1995 2.75 2.75 608.88 0940 03/12/1964 06/27/1990 7.50 7.50 2,356.20 3879 01/24/1969 10/14/1995 2.17 2.17 674.76 6505 07/26/1938 11/23/1988 9.08 9.00 1,924.68 7488 12/18/1952 04/30/1990 7.67 7.67 1,562.16 7948 03/12/1956 08/23/1987 10.33 8.08 2,472.72 1171 09/29/1957 03/09/1992 5.75 5.75 3,561.48 8502 06/28/1955 12/14/1987 10.00 10.00 3,090.84 8745 10/12/1956 12/06/1994 3.00 3.00 652.44 8920 10/02/1955 12/14/1987 10.00 10.00 2,165.16 8945 03/05/1957 10/05/1993 4.17 4.17 724.56 1210 03/16/1956 03/19/1984 13.75 13.75 2,988.24 1242 06/17/1954 01/27/1992 5.92 5.92 1,464.60 2446 11/15/1959 02/04/1980 17.83 17.83 3,413.04 2621 07/19/1964 03/22/1989 8.75 8.75 2,022.72 8009 07/26/1959 02/16/1993 4.83 4.83 1,387.32 8637 07/02/1955 11/27/1989 8.08 8.08 1,800.60 6571 08/29/1957 06/13/1988 9.50 9.00 2,641.32 7996 08/11/1955 06/06/1977 20.50 20.50 10,359.36 9443 03/05/1958 06/06/1988 9.50 9.00 2,860.92 1814 01/16/1961 01/28/1980 17.92 17.92 4,068.48 2512 08/05/1958 08/14/1989 8.33 8.33 2,178.12 5273 07/30/1960 02/23/1988 9.83 5.50 2,620.20 5344 05/18/1967 09/13/1990 7.25 7.25 1,527.24 5422 05/30/1958 07/23/1990 7.42 5.50 1,282.32 5652 06/25/1958 08/31/1995 2.33 2.33 622.44 7141 01/30/1958 04/09/1992 3.42 3.42 591.96 7683 12/21/1965 06/14/1993 4.50 4.50 945.96 0146 05/25/1959 08/24/1989 8.33 8.33 2,289.12 0941 05/22/1958 01/06/1982 15.92 15.92 4,144.56 1804 11/21/1959 12/09/1992 5.00 5.00 1,005.60 K-47 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 5498 02/22/1960 10/08/1980 17.17 17.17 3,359.52 0652 11/01/1961 06/19/1990 7.50 7.50 1,730.04 2417 03/11/1961 03/14/1988 9.50 8.75 2,592.36 3166 10/18/1958 09/06/1993 4.25 4.25 851.52 4138 06/05/1966 10/29/1993 2.92 2.92 754.80 5778 03/20/1959 01/03/1989 8.92 0.75 168.00 5796 12/02/1957 09/06/1994 3.25 3.25 735.96 6597 09/19/1959 01/14/1993 4.92 4.92 1,057.56 0896 01/06/1959 11/20/1992 5.08 5.08 1,207.32 2523 09/21/1956 01/29/1989 8.92 8.92 2,144.04 4141 04/24/1960 03/23/1992 5.75 5.75 1,523.52 4252 01/25/1962 02/15/1988 9.83 5.50 2,169.36 4754 04/23/1960 09/16/1985 12.25 12.25 2,185.92 7662 09/14/1961 12/04/1995 2.00 2.00 656.04 9037 02/03/1960 05/30/1989 8.58 8.58 2,037.24 9252 12/27/1967 04/03/1995 2.67 2.67 597.36 1495 11/09/1964 05/09/1988 9.58 9.58 1,896.60 1652 07/30/1971 05/26/1992 3.50 3.50 1,044.48 9741 02/02/1961 06/12/1992 5.50 5.50 3,580.20 2091 08/30/1962 04/25/1988 9.67 9.00 3,370.44 2691 11/22/1958 09/24/1991 6.25 5.50 1,360.08 3208 04/16/1965 08/24/1992 5.33 5.33 2,050.20 6772 05/03/1966 11/14/1988 9.08 9.08 2,977.44 9313 06/11/1961 08/22/1994 3.33 3.33 698.28 2560 07/07/1963 06/20/1988 9.50 9.50 2,514.24 3002 09/03/1967 03/13/1995 2.75 2.75 759.84 9834 12/21/1975 11/18/1996 1.08 1.08 228.48 4433 04/14/1966 06/01/1994 3.58 3.58 872.28 7120 09/30/1961 03/02/1989 8.83 5.50 1,855.80 9129 04/22/1963 02/03/1986 11.83 11.83 6,506.16 0325 03/13/1964 08/04/1993 4.33 4.33 1,490.28 1773 02/10/1963 10/13/1988 9.17 9.00 1,994.04 2456 12/28/1962 02/12/1990 7.83 5.50 2,344.56 3178 04/27/1964 06/29/1988 9.50 5.50 1,706.40 6775 09/13/1965 03/06/1990 7.75 7.75 1,898.16 3314 11/27/1975 10/11/1994 3.17 3.17 797.76 6172 02/24/1963 09/19/1989 8.25 8.25 2,442.24 7117 10/16/1963 03/16/1982 15.75 15.75 3,841.20 7546 10/13/1968 05/28/1987 10.58 8.08 1,671.36 8064 10/13/1968 05/17/1987 10.58 8.08 2,010.12 1392 05/25/1976 07/22/1996 1.42 1.42 290.28 4815 02/26/1973 06/06/1995 2.50 2.50 550.20 5114 12/27/1963 01/19/1993 4.92 4.92 1,190.88 

K-48 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 0664 09/19/1964 06/14/1988 9.50 1.17 336.84 3751 10/08/1971 10/16/1989 8.17 8.17 1,941.48 3955 08/17/1966 01/18/1985 12.92 12.92 2,466.60 5366 12/10/1968 04/02/1990 7.75 5.50 1,742.52 3878 10/15/1974 05/01/1995 2.67 2.67 629.76 4576 08/12/1965 08/08/1991 6.33 5.50 1,610.76 2496 06/13/1968 07/22/1987 10.42 8.08 2,633.52 2717 01/04/1966 05/02/1988 9.67 5.50 1,676.28 0860 05/17/1970 05/10/1995 2.58 2.58 565.68 6905 10/02/1966 07/24/1991 6.42 6.42 1,419.60 8566 01/23/1972 09/20/1991 6.25 5.50 1,568.04 3359 07/03/1970 03/20/1996 1.75 1.75 369.00 4673 05/23/1967 04/09/1996 1.67 1.67 355.80 5967 09/01/1968 08/26/1992 2.66 2.66 472.20 8117 09/24/1966 05/17/1994 3.58 3.58 994.20 0862 01/27/1969 02/12/1995 2.83 2.83 826.56 3272 11/12/1972 07/12/1991 6.42 5.50 1,482.72 3936 05/12/1968 09/14/1989 8.25 7.50 1,569.84 6290 11/06/1968 01/19/1988 9.92 9.92 3,189.84 7374 07/22/1970 06/08/1992 5.50 5.50 2,806.32 8166 04/07/1971 05/23/1990 7.58 7.58 1,961.52 0669 01/21/1972 06/27/1995 2.50 2.50 511.32 1330 12/10/1968 09/17/1991 6.25 5.50 1,583.52 9749 07/04/1969 10/31/1988 7.92 7.92 1,546.92 1766 10/22/1935 08/30/1993 4.33 4.33 984.12 6479 12/01/1955 01/05/1994 3.92 3.92 1,264.68 8193 05/18/1970 01/31/1994 3.92 3.92 995.16 5276 02/16/1971 12/10/1989 8.00 7.50 1,640.88 2903 09/04/1971 11/28/1994 3.08 3.08 677.40 3747 08/17/1974 10/20/1992 5.17 5.17 1,233.84 9518 09/30/1971 01/21/1990 7.92 7.50 1,924.56 0860 06/10/1938 10/24/1986 11.17 4.50 3,559.56 2362 09/17/1938 08/03/1987 10.33 10.33 1,959.72 6413 11/20/1938 05/11/1994 3.58 3.58 967.68 9637 10/20/1940 12/08/1986 11.00 11.00 2,525.04 3166 03/05/1973 04/21/1993 4.67 4.67 1,020.48 8257 04/23/1972 06/10/1992 5.50 5.50 1,247.52 1145 12/05/1936 08/25/1992 5.33 5.33 1,849.80 2352 10/28/1964 08/07/1991 2.00 2.00 492.96 2375 12/03/1939 05/07/1992 5.58 5.58 1,338.00 6167 01/21/1935 08/29/1988 9.33 9.33 2,072.76 9179 02/04/1942 05/01/1989 8.67 8.67 2,055.00 5392 07/02/1943 11/04/1987 10.08 8.08 2,709.48 K-49 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 6046 08/18/1944 03/02/1987 10.83 8.08 1,951.56 1526 05/06/1944 10/09/1978 19.17 19.17 6,245.28 2367 01/11/1943 10/28/1991 6.17 6.17 1,470.12 3073 11/07/1944 12/01/1992 5.08 5.08 2,845.20 3333 07/22/1944 11/16/1992 5.08 5.08 4,861.44 2387 05/02/1946 11/16/1989 8.08 7.50 2,554.68 9177 10/18/1945 09/14/1992 5.25 5.25 2,566.80 2228 09/26/1947 11/04/1996 1.08 1.08 236.76 2283 02/28/1946 10/17/1994 3.17 3.17 718.08 2629 11/24/1946 04/23/1987 10.67 8.08 2,221.56 4119 08/11/1948 09/28/1986 11.25 8.08 4,471.08 4172 05/12/1947 10/26/1994 3.17 3.17 742.44 9083 07/21/1947 04/18/1990 7.67 7.67 1,607.04 1094 03/09/1947 04/22/1992 5.67 5.67 1,102.08 4046 03/17/1947 04/22/1986 11.67 8.08 2,128.32 7021 07/01/1951 09/24/1990 7.25 7.25 4,170.00 1616 12/17/1948 05/29/1990 7.58 7.58 1,723.32 7565 01/17/1950 06/10/1974 23.50 23.50 14,024.64 9013 05/28/1952 05/03/1979 18.58 4.58 2,861.04 2019 08/17/1949 06/19/1988 9.50 8.08 2,528.16 3965 08/30/1950 03/15/1993 2.25 2.25 480.00 0169 12/27/1950 03/19/1979 18.75 18.75 4,545.48 0439 02/01/1951 07/10/1989 8.42 8.42 1,704.72 3030 09/15/1950 09/30/1992 5.25 5.25 1,130.76 4881 10/03/1951 07/22/1990 7.42 7.42 1,463.04 4963 09/04/1951 07/22/1990 7.42 7.42 1,867.20 5572 03/06/1950 04/10/1991 6.67 6.67 3,408.36 3902 12/16/1953 06/08/1987 10.50 10.50 3,025.32 4801 11/11/1960 03/08/1995 2.75 2.75 548.88 4817 01/15/1954 10/13/1993 4.17 4.17 1,304.52 4846 07/06/1956 05/08/1989 8.58 8.58 2,369.16 7042 10/01/1951 08/29/1991 6.33 6.33 1,598.52 9534 11/01/1953 01/28/1993 4.92 4.92 1,019.64 9837 10/20/1955 03/07/1988 9.75 5.50 1,531.44 0233 05/10/1955 09/05/1985 12.25 12.25 2,838.96 0860 09/09/1953 10/22/1981 16.17 16.17 2,728.44 1527 01/13/1954 09/09/1985 12.25 12.25 2,665.32 3781 07/04/1954 08/16/1996 1.33 1.33 294.96 3216 08/14/1953 03/05/1979 18.75 18.75 3,964.68 3469 10/31/1954 04/18/1990 7.67 7.67 1,807.44 3675 10/26/1954 07/28/1986 11.42 11.42 2,247.60 4991 09/25/1954 04/04/1990 7.67 7.67 1,917.96 2621 07/26/1955 05/21/1996 1.58 1.58 367.20 

K-50 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 3854 01/23/1962 03/24/1982 15.75 15.75 3,919.08 4414 07/16/1965 07/29/1991 6.42 6.42 1,764.96 9587 08/14/1961 02/16/1989 8.83 8.83 2,735.40 5028 12/05/1953 12/05/1994 3.00 3.00 676.68 5825 03/23/1957 03/24/1993 4.75 4.75 1,470.84 6652 11/02/1955 09/13/1992 5.25 5.25 1,257.72 1684 11/14/1957 12/10/1987 10.00 10.00 2,039.52 3598 12/19/1958 02/05/1987 10.83 8.08 2,488.80 4572 05/29/1957 07/12/1979 18.42 18.42 4,756.20 9618 02/14/1967 04/18/1988 9.67 9.67 2,269.44 3287 01/12/1960 08/24/1989 8.33 5.50 1,552.56 4023 03/24/1960 12/08/1986 11.00 11.00 2,438.88 8702 07/09/1961 11/23/1987 10.08 10.08 4,067.28 8836 08/25/1960 08/20/1986 11.33 11.33 3,847.44 0433 02/21/1963 05/13/1992 5.58 5.58 1,266.24 0922 03/18/1959 06/29/1994 3.50 3.50 893.76 1049 01/04/1970 05/23/1990 7.58 7.58 1,702.80 1623 03/08/1960 07/30/1991 6.42 6.42 1,754.64 6646 01/09/1974 07/11/1994 3.42 3.42 899.76 6732 06/28/1958 10/02/1989 8.25 7.50 1,486.20 3210 01/05/1962 07/23/1990 8.67 8.67 2,640.96 1446 03/16/1960 07/30/1987 10.42 8.08 1,559.28 2126 09/11/1964 06/10/1987 10.50 10.50 2,323.08 7201 02/27/1965 04/02/1991 6.75 5.50 1,834.80 1450 01/14/1962 10/18/1993 4.17 4.17 1,129.08 4550 09/10/1961 10/25/1989 8.17 8.17 1,898.40 4959 03/15/1964 10/10/1988 9.17 9.17 2,287.92 8381 09/07/1963 03/18/1996 1.75 1.75 407.64 8614 10/22/1961 05/30/1995 2.58 2.58 498.00 1026 08/22/1969 05/17/1992 5.58 5.58 1,704.84 3394 08/28/1972 09/25/1991 6.25 5.50 1,406.76 8510 12/17/1971 06/05/1995 2.50 2.50 502.68 0500 07/08/1960 01/01/1990 8.00 8.00 1,873.08 2659 02/20/1971 02/20/1995 2.83 2.83 683.28 3081 12/09/1964 02/15/1988 9.83 5.50 2,067.72 3932 05/25/1963 09/28/1987 10.25 8.08 2,916.96 8316 05/07/1963 04/07/1988 9.67 9.67 2,750.52 2161 05/04/1963 11/30/1987 10.08 10.08 2,346.00 3807 09/18/1963 04/18/1988 9.67 9.00 3,405.24 8658 07/07/1974 06/12/1995 2.50 2.50 626.52 1902 02/02/1975 11/04/1993 4.08 4.08 1,019.04 2997 10/31/1965 06/09/1989 8.50 8.50 2,227.08 5889 12/30/1964 11/11/1987 10.08 10.08 1,952.28 K-51 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 7051 09/03/1964 06/29/1993 4.50 4.50 1,094.76 7944 07/19/1963 08/18/1987 10.33 10.33 2,407.20 4183 11/29/1964 01/15/1996 1.92 1.92 547.44 5530 10/17/1969 09/11/1989 8.25 8.25 2,483.52 9471 05/20/1963 11/05/1991 6.08 6.08 1,375.20 0338 08/07/1968 05/06/1993 4.58 4.58 1,154.28 1683 01/17/1964 07/25/1988 9.42 9.42 2,194.92 4537 12/28/1961 06/21/1989 8.50 8.50 1,699.08 5637 05/27/1971 06/13/1994 3.50 3.50 730.92 2531 01/26/1965 06/14/1989 8.50 8.50 2,118.12 3505 03/22/1973 09/23/1993 4.25 4.25 1,131.24 3841 08/18/1965 09/22/1986 11.25 11.25 2,407.56 9537 08/20/1953 11/30/1988 9.08 9.08 2,698.56 1278 07/11/1966 04/09/1992 5.67 5.67 1,366.20 1622 04/03/1967 02/13/1989 8.83 8.83 2,007.12 2155 03/16/1965 08/28/1992 5.33 4.50 1,160.64 4328 03/06/1966 09/25/1991 6.25 5.50 1,601.16 4920 09/04/1973 05/18/1994 2.50 2.50 583.68 6594 08/26/1965 10/28/1996 1.17 1.17 344.88 7912 10/21/1965 10/17/1989 8.17 8.17 1,417.32 0091 01/27/1965 03/04/1996 1.75 1.75 422.76 1135 10/24/1964 07/27/1995 2.42 2.42 498.60 4298 08/14/1966 09/06/1994 3.25 3.25 778.80 5596 10/28/1964 11/04/1996 1.08 1.08 236.76 8870 09/12/1966 08/16/1993 4.33 4.33 1,314.36 0371 02/14/1930 02/08/1988 9.83 9.83 2,404.68 5054 06/28/1969 08/04/1994 3.33 3.33 796.80 7952 03/01/1978 06/11/1996 1.58 1.58 319.92 1068 12/17/1975 07/18/1994 3.42 3.42 939.24 1623 01/04/1969 08/30/1996 1.33 1.33 310.56 1733 07/17/1966 10/11/1983 14.08 1.33 309.24 2813 05/15/1969 05/11/1989 8.58 8.58 2,542.92 4286 09/01/1967 05/23/1988 9.58 9.58 2,940.00 5713 01/07/1969 07/18/1991 6.42 6.42 1,797.48 5983 08/01/1969 03/21/1988 9.75 5.50 1,579.92 4927 08/14/1934 12/13/1988 9.00 9.00 1,721.88 0675 06/11/1969 08/30/1989 8.33 8.33 1,607.40 2503 04/05/1968 09/18/1996 1.25 1.25 332.52 6006 03/20/1972 04/18/1990 7.67 7.67 1,667.64 3390 12/31/1932 01/25/1988 9.92 9.92 2,133.96 3843 05/13/1934 03/01/1988 9.83 9.83 1,897.68 2861 05/13/1968 10/25/1988 9.08 0.17 65.88 0533 03/16/1970 06/24/1990 7.50 7.50 1,863.96 

K-52 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 3995 10/27/1970 12/19/1988 9.00 9.00 2,091.36 5716 06/21/1971 09/09/1991 6.25 6.25 1,385.40 6697 11/13/1972 01/04/1993 4.92 4.92 964.68 3228 02/10/1970 02/29/1996 1.83 1.83 412.32 4202 04/28/1972 09/10/1996 1.25 1.25 276.60 6051 01/10/1973 12/27/1992 5.00 5.00 1,230.00 9489 06/20/1936 08/18/1988 9.33 9.00 2,124.36 1071 01/27/1973 07/11/1993 4.50 4.50 1,232.52 3974 01/08/1972 06/13/1991 6.50 5.50 1,348.20 6147 03/27/1976 08/29/1994 3.33 3.33 554.88 2814 11/23/1937 07/18/1987 10.42 10.42 2,070.12 3073 10/08/1938 11/01/1979 18.17 18.17 8,004.96 3993 01/23/1937 08/17/1994 3.33 3.33 758.88 7130 07/20/1939 03/14/1990 7.75 7.50 1,926.60 4175 01/01/1939 04/25/1988 9.67 9.00 2,635.68 0395 08/12/1974 11/21/1994 3.08 3.08 629.28 7800 05/06/1974 07/11/1994 3.42 3.42 820.32 8854 07/20/1976 02/20/1995 2.83 2.83 678.00 9088 08/10/1969 11/20/1989 8.08 8.08 1,957.68 0636 06/02/1972 09/23/1993 4.25 4.25 795.24 2773 12/24/1971 08/30/1996 1.33 1.33 310.56 3704 02/15/1941 09/07/1987 10.25 8.08 3,589.56 7143 06/06/1942 02/20/1984 13.83 13.83 8,289.00 7667 05/29/1945 12/18/1978 19.00 19.00 5,498.88 8932 11/05/1944 06/14/1983 14.50 14.50 3,293.04 9041 12/03/1942 12/13/1978 19.00 19.00 5,325.72 4385 02/26/1949 01/06/1995 2.92 2.92 608.04 0326 09/12/1946 03/15/1995 2.75 2.75 719.52 2288 02/07/1946 10/06/1986 11.17 8.08 3,623.52 2811 07/06/1946 09/19/1988 9.25 9.25 3,599.04 7241 11/27/1946 05/22/1972 25.58 9.00 4,116.96 2011 03/03/1947 12/15/1989 8.00 8.00 1,552.08 3152 07/07/1945 04/20/1994 3.67 3.67 736.56 7559 07/27/1939 03/16/1989 8.75 8.75 1,646.28 7771 07/13/1950 09/04/1991 6.25 6.25 1,099.80 8096 06/12/1947 08/25/1980 17.33 17.33 4,245.12 4173 09/12/1947 09/01/1983 14.33 9.00 3,296.64 1497 11/05/1950 07/09/1979 18.42 18.42 11,846.16 5894 04/23/1949 08/10/1981 16.33 16.33 5,056.56 5982 06/21/1941 08/15/1988 9.33 9.33 1,905.72 6928 05/28/1950 09/14/1992 5.25 1.50 306.12 4512 06/30/1951 01/16/1979 17.75 7.83 1,744.32 8427 11/03/1948 09/26/1988 9.25 9.25 1,687.68 K-53 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 9213 06/15/1949 05/07/1992 5.58 5.58 1,278.12 9870 12/01/1950 05/24/1989 8.58 8.58 2,150.76 0179 07/27/1951 06/17/1974 23.50 23.50 5,572.44 1265 10/13/1947 12/13/1988 9.00 9.00 2,574.60 2778 04/08/1950 11/23/1987 10.08 10.08 3,800.88 2869 11/19/1947 04/23/1985 12.67 12.67 1,756.68 4897 10/27/1949 10/15/1991 6.17 6.17 1,557.24 6807 04/13/1950 05/22/1990 7.58 7.58 1,790.40 0151 11/07/1951 10/02/1995 2.17 2.17 1,188.36 0541 06/26/1952 08/07/1996 1.33 1.33 315.24 0592 03/20/1951 07/27/1987 10.42 10.42 2,762.88 0784 03/02/1952 05/23/1994 3.58 3.58 1,381.32 2095 01/06/1954 08/29/1994 3.33 3.33 788.16 2132 01/06/1954 12/10/1991 6.00 6.00 2,339.88 8724 11/16/1951 05/07/1992 5.58 5.58 1,386.36 8789 06/18/1952 08/25/1992 5.33 5.33 1,362.84 8878 01/07/1951 07/30/1990 7.42 7.42 1,888.56 9846 02/27/1955 07/30/1990 7.42 7.42 1,656.60 0844 12/23/1964 06/24/1991 6.50 6.50 1,242.60 1814 07/06/1951 09/16/1985 12.25 12.25 3,124.68 2487 09/21/1951 08/06/1990 7.33 7.33 5,440.44 9195 11/09/1948 11/26/1993 4.08 4.08 933.84 9268 04/04/1951 05/08/1989 8.58 8.58 3,309.60 9382 03/12/1952 02/13/1984 13.83 13.83 2,877.72 9919 02/25/1954 10/25/1987 7.33 7.33 1,299.72 9920 03/02/1953 04/14/1986 11.67 11.67 3,445.92 0442 12/16/1952 06/17/1994 3.50 3.50 910.56 2209 10/26/1952 09/09/1985 12.25 12.25 3,315.12 2346 11/30/1952 06/28/1984 13.50 13.50 2,723.64 2433 11/28/1952 03/17/1980 14.17 14.17 2,593.32 0979 11/02/1950 02/04/1991 6.83 6.83 1,920.72 1358 05/05/1955 01/16/1991 6.92 6.92 1,301.88 1515 07/23/1955 10/21/1991 3.00 3.00 597.84 1814 05/01/1954 03/04/1980 17.75 17.75 4,626.84 2633 10/19/1961 11/17/1994 3.08 3.08 753.72 3070 05/05/1953 11/05/1991 6.08 6.08 1,653.48 3168 03/27/1953 12/08/1987 10.00 10.00 1,846.92 3244 09/13/1953 11/07/1994 3.08 3.08 641.28 4080 10/30/1953 04/10/1989 8.67 8.67 2,186.16 8403 04/07/1953 11/19/1981 16.08 16.08 3,840.24 8829 03/10/1953 03/04/1987 10.75 10.75 2,075.28 9842 03/20/1954 09/24/1979 18.25 18.25 4,378.68 3573 06/26/1955 10/01/1992 5.25 5.25 1,197.24 

K-54 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 5668 04/27/1956 09/16/1996 1.25 1.25 276.60 7471 03/16/1956 12/29/1987 10.00 10.00 2,680.68 3038 02/06/1957 11/16/1994 3.08 3.08 697.20 3222 11/21/1955 03/14/1988 9.75 5.50 1,364.28 3538 03/10/1953 02/14/1990 7.83 7.83 1,848.12 4012 11/09/1970 07/10/1995 2.42 2.42 1,133.16 4570 03/26/1967 04/25/1996 1.67 1.67 520.44 4605 08/16/1956 08/27/1986 11.33 8.08 1,720.56 0592 01/08/1957 08/28/1996 1.33 1.33 325.56 1707 08/24/1956 11/30/1987 10.08 10.08 2,926.92 7566 05/17/1956 11/10/1993 4.08 4.08 854.40 8015 02/09/1961 12/28/1987 10.00 10.00 2,082.12 8050 05/04/1956 10/06/1992 5.17 5.17 1,561.80 9065 03/06/1957 08/03/1988 9.33 9.33 2,449.20 9345 06/11/1967 03/07/1988 4.67 4.67 851.16 9451 12/27/1963 04/10/1995 2.67 2.67 580.80 9950 06/29/1954 04/17/1989 8.67 8.67 1,970.40 4559 08/23/1958 10/31/1994 3.17 3.17 591.24 4830 09/18/1958 05/08/1995 2.58 2.58 579.00 5554 03/18/1961 10/07/1996 1.17 1.17 258.12 8102 10/06/1967 04/08/1990 7.67 7.67 1,566.00 8914 06/25/1957 12/12/1994 3.00 3.00 772.08 9753 05/19/1970 07/10/1987 10.42 10.42 1,955.52 0777 08/06/1956 10/16/1988 9.17 9.17 1,940.52 2663 09/24/1961 02/09/1988 9.83 9.83 2,134.80 3148 12/11/1957 06/01/1988 9.58 9.00 2,281.92 6370 07/25/1958 09/14/1992 5.25 5.25 1,311.48 6212 10/13/1958 01/14/1987 10.92 8.08 2,264.88 8716 01/04/1967 10/29/1986 11.17 8.08 2,056.56 8935 10/01/1960 04/04/1988 9.67 9.00 2,019.84 9316 09/19/1958 10/23/1991 6.17 6.17 1,496.88 9620 12/03/1959 03/30/1993 4.75 4.75 1,545.36 9729 07/03/1959 06/15/1989 8.50 7.50 1,324.92 2695 10/14/1967 10/16/1995 2.17 2.17 465.96 4217 02/01/1971 01/15/1991 6.92 5.50 1,277.04 4999 11/19/1964 10/15/1991 6.17 6.17 1,316.04 6854 08/25/1958 10/26/1994 3.17 3.17 881.52 8182 01/24/1963 09/16/1996 1.25 1.25 237.60 2137 09/30/1965 10/14/1996 1.17 1.17 269.88 5059 03/12/1964 07/21/1986 11.42 11.42 2,689.20 5141 02/22/1959 06/12/1995 2.50 2.50 583.68 5634 08/08/1971 12/03/1992 5.00 5.00 999.84 8951 05/01/1975 11/10/1993 4.08 4.08 935.64 K-55 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 8759 03/03/1970 03/07/1996 1.75 1.75 474.60 2152 05/06/1955 10/31/1977 20.17 20.17 3,513.48 2540 09/29/1960 12/08/1992 5.00 2.50 905.16 5211 10/17/1962 08/05/1985 12.25 4.17 1,203.72 6671 06/29/1962 07/24/1988 9.42 9.00 3,109.20 9155 07/15/1960 02/24/1993 4.83 4.83 1,215.36 1603 06/23/1973 07/18/1991 6.42 6.42 1,587.36 1852 10/07/1962 11/25/1986 11.08 8.08 2,451.36 4827 03/27/1963 08/11/1986 11.33 11.33 2,903.40 8623 04/18/1963 08/24/1988 9.33 9.33 2,339.28 8671 03/04/1963 02/05/1989 8.83 8.83 2,551.92 9980 12/21/1969 05/21/1996 1.58 1.58 333.96 1894 09/19/1961 01/24/1983 14.92 14.92 2,532.00 1907 01/29/1960 11/03/1991 6.08 6.08 1,531.08 3296 09/27/1962 08/07/1989 8.33 8.33 1,957.20 3864 06/22/1963 10/03/1988 9.17 4.50 4,733.76 4504 07/10/1961 08/22/1990 7.33 5.50 1,414.44 7711 12/15/1965 08/18/1986 11.33 11.33 2,134.32 7108 10/13/1973 02/16/1996 1.83 1.83 593.76 0673 07/05/1964 07/11/1988 9.42 9.42 3,465.36 2327 07/27/1969 02/06/1989 8.83 8.83 2,857.32 3897 09/10/1976 01/16/1995 2.92 2.92 637.32 4183 04/25/1966 08/08/1994 3.33 3.33 825.72 6020 05/31/1974 06/17/1996 1.50 1.50 731.28 6225 10/23/1964 01/10/1989 8.92 8.92 1,767.36 6290 10/11/1971 05/08/1990 7.58 7.58 1,541.64 6450 12/28/1957 11/02/1988 9.08 9.08 2,521.32 2819 06/27/1968 07/11/1988 9.42 9.42 2,614.08 3056 03/03/1966 10/17/1988 9.17 9.17 2,131.08 9850 02/15/1966 04/24/1990 7.67 7.67 2,263.32 5949 06/21/1973 06/05/1992 5.50 5.50 1,010.28 9824 04/27/1965 07/29/1992 5.42 5.42 1,192.56 0140 09/08/1969 08/30/1993 4.33 4.33 1,044.60 2998 07/07/1970 12/05/1988 9.00 9.00 1,715.04 4982 03/16/1975 09/15/1996 1.25 1.25 293.88 7256 08/17/1965 09/27/1989 8.25 5.50 1,570.20 7395 02/08/1969 06/19/1989 6.50 6.50 1,399.20 7740 09/27/1969 11/12/1996 1.08 1.08 214.56 8440 08/08/1969 09/01/1993 4.33 4.33 1,146.36 1490 10/25/1969 08/15/1994 3.33 3.33 954.24 2520 06/09/1967 10/15/1987 10.17 10.17 2,098.20 5463 02/16/1970 06/13/1988 9.50 5.50 1,255.68 9520 05/07/1965 08/30/1996 1.33 1.33 340.80 

K-56 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 2083 07/29/1973 06/13/1995 2.50 2.50 570.48 5604 09/16/1967 09/16/1985 10.92 10.92 1,732.92 8678 03/21/1968 07/15/1986 11.42 9.00 2,706.84 2113 04/23/1971 06/19/1994 3.50 3.50 825.00 2887 12/10/1968 03/28/1988 9.75 5.50 1,454.52 4330 01/23/1968 04/20/1994 3.67 3.67 981.48 4701 06/15/1970 08/30/1993 4.33 4.33 1,212.24 3606 08/05/1969 03/03/1993 4.75 4.75 1,209.96 5880 11/08/1971 08/06/1990 7.33 7.33 1,649.88 6037 06/26/1971 09/16/1990 7.25 7.25 1,670.52 6461 06/27/1971 06/25/1991 7.17 7.17 1,672.68 6822 10/01/1969 08/04/1993 4.33 4.33 1,303.92 7235 01/02/1968 10/31/1989 8.17 8.17 1,773.60 7706 12/31/1967 05/07/1992 5.58 5.58 1,631.16 8488 12/10/1968 10/01/1993 4.25 4.25 963.84 8531 03/02/1973 05/11/1994 3.58 3.58 801.12 0664 06/16/1934 08/31/1987 10.33 9.00 8,600.52 2428 10/05/1959 11/06/1991 6.08 6.08 1,314.48 3936 03/16/1970 05/04/1994 3.58 3.58 919.68 4221 03/05/1968 03/04/1996 1.75 1.75 407.64 3877 05/08/1971 01/21/1992 5.92 5.50 1,678.92 5204 12/20/1936 01/17/1990 7.92 7.92 1,927.08 0110 09/19/1972 10/02/1991 6.25 5.50 1,387.20 0830 09/14/1974 08/30/1993 4.33 4.33 1,077.24 1596 03/26/1975 02/01/1996 1.92 1.92 430.56 1415 06/06/1971 07/23/1990 7.42 7.42 1,503.00 1219 11/09/1936 08/18/1986 11.33 8.08 2,358.48 5229 04/22/1939 08/22/1988 9.33 9.33 2,112.00 5703 11/30/1938 01/24/1983 14.92 14.92 4,403.64 5907 09/20/1935 10/17/1988 9.17 9.00 1,919.64 6302 03/27/1937 04/26/1989 8.67 8.67 6,401.76 7921 05/07/1974 07/11/1993 2.75 2.75 727.44 6909 11/10/1970 05/22/1990 7.58 7.58 2,118.24 3812 11/15/1972 04/10/1995 1.58 1.58 439.08 8010 08/06/1940 06/24/1968 29.50 29.50 14,296.92 7529 07/21/1962 03/12/1992 5.75 5.75 1,283.28 1934 10/22/1942 01/07/1980 17.92 17.92 9,420.96 5361 01/27/1942 10/19/1981 16.17 16.17 11,296.20 1108 06/11/1957 06/03/1991 6.50 6.50 1,463.16 5693 05/05/1968 10/13/1995 2.17 2.17 451.32 0640 05/15/1944 02/29/1988 9.83 9.83 1,919.16 4604 12/20/1941 03/27/1995 2.75 2.75 605.40 2867 04/04/1962 10/01/1991 6.25 6.25 1,407.96 K-57 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 1872 03/16/1946 06/20/1988 9.50 9.50 2,300.16 5437 02/23/1944 10/20/1970 27.17 9.25 5,234.16 0641 04/19/1946 08/11/1986 11.33 11.33 2,244.36 1316 06/18/1945 10/04/1996 1.17 1.17 466.68 5794 02/11/1946 08/08/1990 7.33 7.33 1,692.24 8253 03/31/1947 01/26/1987 10.92 8.08 3,517.20 8648 10/13/1946 03/19/1987 10.75 8.08 1,902.00 9255 02/06/1947 09/02/1986 11.33 8.08 2,966.88 0235 07/06/1946 10/02/1978 19.17 19.17 6,379.92 0455 04/09/1945 07/04/1991 5.00 5.00 1,451.04 1490 11/12/1944 11/27/1978 28.58 28.58 10,141.44 5287 08/25/1948 04/15/1991 6.67 6.67 1,337.16 5790 06/29/1957 04/21/1986 11.67 11.67 2,106.36 6993 05/16/1948 12/30/1991 6.00 6.00 1,367.28 7475 10/10/1946 05/23/1988 9.58 9.58 3,885.60 7921 01/26/1948 10/16/1986 8.25 5.17 1,090.80 8612 05/02/1948 11/11/1987 10.08 8.08 1,798.32 8620 12/17/1947 12/13/1989 8.00 7.50 2,264.52 8794 02/21/1947 09/03/1992 5.25 5.25 1,753.56 7317 06/09/1951 01/10/1993 4.92 4.92 1,035.48 7519 11/01/1946 12/28/1987 10.00 10.00 2,262.60 8066 06/29/1948 07/20/1988 9.42 9.42 1,867.80 8084 09/30/1948 03/16/1992 5.75 5.75 1,219.44 8315 04/06/1950 11/08/1988 9.08 9.08 2,796.96 8781 07/01/1947 10/17/1989 8.17 8.17 1,576.32 9028 01/29/1947 11/23/1987 10.08 10.08 2,542.32 9125 02/01/1949 11/02/1987 10.08 10.08 2,891.52 9353 09/27/1950 10/07/1981 13.17 13.17 2,553.00 2807 10/11/1948 01/10/1989 8.92 8.92 2,051.88 3527 01/31/1950 04/13/1994 3.67 3.67 996.72 6229 03/26/1947 06/04/1990 7.50 7.50 1,651.44 9434 04/18/1950 02/26/1979 18.83 18.83 5,566.56 9105 08/09/1950 08/14/1986 11.33 11.33 2,483.04 9844 01/03/1951 12/10/1984 13.00 13.00 2,306.16 0113 07/20/1953 09/25/1991 6.25 5.50 1,509.84 1102 03/21/1950 01/07/1990 7.92 7.92 1,716.84 1288 10/12/1951 09/27/1990 7.25 7.25 2,245.32 5133 04/04/1951 01/08/1979 18.92 18.92 4,669.44 8812 01/06/1957 08/01/1988 9.42 5.50 2,743.20 0021 05/10/1949 04/05/1988 9.67 9.00 2,262.48 2094 11/16/1951 07/21/1988 9.42 9.00 3,297.00 3571 10/24/1952 05/02/1989 8.58 8.58 2,100.84 5357 09/20/1955 01/09/1995 2.92 2.92 634.08 

K-58 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 6626 12/04/1950 10/31/1988 9.17 9.17 2,341.20 6778 02/13/1953 08/30/1993 4.33 4.33 1,558.92 6813 09/11/1953 12/28/1987 10.00 10.00 3,384.36 0597 12/12/1950 10/12/1994 3.17 3.17 716.04 6494 03/30/1954 09/25/1983 14.25 14.25 2,654.64 6607 10/03/1952 10/08/1993 4.17 4.17 1,205.40 6761 10/04/1954 07/04/1991 6.42 6.42 1,855.08 7009 06/11/1953 05/30/1989 8.58 8.58 2,079.24 3811 10/02/1954 03/17/1986 11.75 11.75 2,494.20 5233 10/17/1954 06/23/1992 5.50 5.50 1,472.52 5746 09/09/1953 09/11/1992 5.25 5.25 1,278.84 2634 05/16/1955 09/23/1986 11.25 11.25 2,231.64 3098 10/29/1954 07/11/1983 14.42 14.42 3,041.64 3863 06/21/1955 08/07/1993 1.92 1.92 589.56 4036 09/29/1956 08/09/1993 4.33 4.33 1,658.64 5015 05/09/1957 08/03/1981 16.33 16.33 6,377.52 6779 03/01/1955 05/26/1987 10.58 10.58 2,605.32 8392 07/05/1956 07/23/1986 11.42 11.42 3,049.56 3194 11/06/1955 09/14/1981 16.25 16.25 3,279.96 6416 08/22/1957 08/01/1989 8.42 8.42 3,153.96 7634 08/01/1956 11/02/1987 10.08 10.08 2,546.40 8794 05/04/1958 07/21/1997 10.67 1.42 124.44 1146 10/01/1961 06/14/1993 4.50 4.50 985.80 3897 05/13/1962 05/12/1994 3.58 3.58 1,096.80 4595 11/21/1957 05/24/1982 15.58 15.58 3,153.48 5106 06/08/1960 02/08/1987 10.83 8.08 1,949.76 5525 10/23/1958 03/16/1987 10.75 8.08 2,173.44 7157 02/26/1961 03/07/1993 4.75 4.75 1,146.24 8206 11/08/1956 10/24/1988 9.17 9.17 2,355.36 9235 04/17/1962 08/15/1988 9.33 9.00 3,653.88 9505 11/03/1965 09/04/1986 11.25 8.08 2,819.76 2152 02/11/1957 11/28/1989 8.08 8.08 1,553.64 6133 08/12/1957 08/18/1975 22.33 22.33 6,123.96 7660 07/27/1957 05/12/1995 2.58 2.58 891.12 1258 09/07/1962 05/22/1995 2.58 2.58 1,419.84 6970 05/24/1968 07/19/1987 10.42 8.08 1,990.44 7888 01/02/1959 06/06/1988 9.50 9.00 2,793.00 1988 01/07/1963 02/12/1990 7.83 7.83 1,539.24 3285 06/04/1974 10/28/1996 1.17 1.17 297.84 3360 07/29/1960 03/07/1991 6.75 5.50 1,848.60 8226 10/10/1965 08/29/1994 3.33 3.33 689.28 8545 03/06/1961 05/01/1990 7.67 7.67 2,145.24 9758 01/13/1948 08/10/1988 9.33 9.00 2,118.00 K-59 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 4640 05/12/1970 05/17/1993 4.58 4.58 1,471.68 4700 06/14/1961 06/12/1995 2.50 2.50 754.68 4731 05/24/1966 05/13/1992 5.58 5.58 1,248.60 4986 05/16/1956 03/04/1992 5.75 5.75 1,488.84 1684 09/23/1960 10/06/1992 5.17 5.17 1,267.32 4671 12/11/1964 02/08/1988 9.83 5.50 1,766.28 5899 03/27/1960 01/23/1993 4.92 4.92 985.80 6946 12/29/1961 11/16/1981 16.00 0.42 100.80 7117 03/26/1963 07/06/1989 8.42 8.42 2,434.32 8366 12/25/1971 07/24/1995 2.42 2.42 546.48 9457 12/15/1972 08/14/1991 6.33 5.50 1,452.24 9875 02/23/1973 03/04/1992 3.50 3.50 639.72 2241 04/25/1962 03/04/1991 6.75 6.75 1,976.04 3598 08/06/1965 03/15/1993 4.75 4.75 1,258.56 4256 12/27/1967 05/09/1995 2.58 2.58 612.96 8466 06/07/1967 03/08/1994 3.75 3.75 1,148.04 8882 11/30/1960 06/26/1989 8.67 8.67 2,426.40 0578 08/05/1959 04/15/1991 6.67 5.50 1,724.40 1747 08/28/1961 09/01/1981 16.33 16.33 3,559.44 3308 10/02/1960 09/21/1989 8.25 8.25 1,641.48 4868 02/08/1972 05/26/1992 3.67 3.67 836.28 7047 02/25/1969 08/23/1989 8.33 7.50 1,598.04 8479 08/13/1976 06/19/1995 2.50 2.50 588.48 0893 09/11/1963 09/25/1989 8.25 8.25 1,849.80 3967 08/04/1964 11/30/1987 10.08 10.08 4,609.20 4255 05/17/1964 10/02/1991 6.25 5.50 1,557.36 0636 08/07/1962 08/30/1996 1.33 1.33 294.96 0854 07/26/1962 10/19/1992 5.17 5.17 1,875.84 2750 11/19/1964 04/25/1988 9.67 5.50 1,426.32 4790 10/24/1962 09/06/1988 9.25 9.00 3,131.52 5889 05/16/1964 04/23/1987 10.67 8.08 2,668.56 7356 12/07/1963 05/08/1989 8.58 8.58 2,850.12 8564 03/21/1963 08/21/1996 1.33 1.33 416.40 8604 09/27/1963 05/10/1996 1.58 1.58 333.00 9628 09/01/1966 03/23/1989 8.75 8.08 1,938.84 3863 07/24/1964 03/27/1995 2.75 2.75 679.92 6409 09/02/1963 05/30/1995 2.58 2.58 578.40 2252 02/27/1964 12/05/1989 8.00 8.00 1,672.08 3208 07/24/1964 10/31/1994 3.17 3.17 649.44 7883 05/02/1965 02/04/1993 4.83 4.83 2,042.04 6788 10/04/1964 02/06/1989 8.83 8.83 2,748.00 1458 09/27/1965 04/27/1994 3.67 3.67 1,056.96 2735 08/02/1965 11/11/1991 6.08 6.08 1,296.24 

K-60 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 6303 12/25/1972 08/02/1993 4.33 4.33 1,178.28 2471 11/22/1973 04/05/1995 2.67 2.67 553.20 2972 12/17/1966 05/03/1996 1.58 1.58 419.28 5086 06/22/1976 10/12/1994 3.17 3.17 745.80 5235 08/17/1970 05/19/1994 3.58 3.58 860.64 6425 08/15/1973 11/03/1991 6.08 6.08 1,644.36 7045 06/18/1976 09/01/1995 2.33 2.33 468.48 8879 10/24/1974 03/17/1995 2.75 2.75 579.36 4738 10/13/1966 05/15/1991 6.58 5.50 1,294.32 5474 12/19/1967 06/02/1992 5.50 5.50 1,232.64 7867 10/08/1967 11/07/1994 3.08 3.08 892.32 8965 12/26/1966 03/17/1986 11.75 11.75 2,936.28 0107 05/05/1967 05/18/1994 3.58 3.58 834.00 1297 07/24/1974 05/17/1996 1.58 1.58 427.68 9941 01/06/1967 09/27/1991 6.25 5.50 1,169.40 0598 03/23/1968 01/16/1990 7.92 7.92 1,739.28 8026 11/07/1972 05/06/1996 1.58 1.58 501.24 8925 10/30/1972 07/10/1995 2.42 2.42 1,060.08 3884 03/11/1971 10/18/1996 1.17 1.17 253.32 7956 12/15/1976 02/22/1996 1.83 1.83 412.32 8748 10/03/1968 04/24/1990 7.67 7.67 1,896.00 3311 06/29/1970 08/20/1991 6.33 5.50 1,415.88 4689 03/02/1971 07/21/1994 3.42 3.42 720.60 9359 07/09/1970 11/07/1989 8.08 5.50 1,732.08 9530 07/24/1970 06/06/1988 9.50 9.50 2,233.56 2406 10/28/1937 07/08/1980 17.42 17.42 4,732.08 2413 01/25/1938 02/29/1988 9.83 9.83 2,023.68 5032 06/15/1935 11/21/1988 9.08 9.08 2,703.00 7225 08/05/1937 08/01/1988 9.42 9.42 1,899.60 9295 10/27/1934 06/02/1952 45.50 45.50 10,332.84 2421 11/23/1973 03/24/1993 4.75 4.75 1,191.60 2645 09/09/1977 05/10/1996 1.58 1.58 397.32 5798 02/26/1971 09/11/1989 8.25 7.50 1,532.16 2514 08/05/1936 01/22/1979 18.92 18.92 8,092.32 1268 12/29/1976 06/12/1995 2.50 2.50 569.88 4867 08/01/1974 08/24/1992 5.33 5.33 1,522.56 2632 08/07/1974 09/20/1996 1.25 1.25 262.92 3078 04/08/1974 11/22/1995 2.08 2.08 457.32 4316 10/24/1974 11/02/1993 4.08 4.08 947.64 7711 12/27/1976 06/19/1995 2.50 2.50 538.80 3598 01/06/1938 03/17/1988 9.75 9.75 1,985.88 2915 06/18/1976 12/12/1994 3.00 3.00 628.44 2994 04/04/1938 07/06/1992 5.42 5.42 3,312.36 K-61 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 4233 08/10/1938 02/14/1989 8.83 8.83 1,670.64 2451 12/08/1955 12/04/1996 1.00 1.00 192.96 5154 01/17/1942 11/25/1996 1.08 1.08 261.72 9557 08/09/1941 07/14/1988 9.42 9.00 1,645.56 6639 10/13/1940 09/17/1991 6.25 6.25 1,455.60 7273 04/08/1941 07/30/1984 13.42 13.42 3,641.64 8808 02/27/1942 06/21/1989 8.50 8.50 2,298.72 1326 10/05/1942 01/23/1987 10.92 8.08 2,224.80 5566 06/23/1943 03/13/1990 7.75 7.75 2,211.84 6710 09/22/1941 04/27/1987 10.67 10.67 1,986.48 7200 05/10/1943 10/10/1988 9.17 9.17 1,897.08 5861 01/10/1944 02/02/1990 7.83 7.83 2,401.68 4990 05/14/1961 07/24/1995 2.42 2.42 567.48 0851 01/20/1944 01/02/1991 6.92 6.92 1,915.80 9175 03/12/1945 05/31/1988 9.58 9.00 2,737.56 0220 07/22/1949 04/06/1988 9.67 8.08 3,508.92 1327 12/14/1944 10/05/1966 31.17 8.08 4,246.68 2191 06/06/1946 02/15/1988 9.83 4.50 2,405.64 5255 06/22/1947 06/01/1988 9.58 9.00 2,005.08 6122 07/14/1948 09/07/1994 3.25 3.25 740.04 6832 03/02/1947 06/21/1990 7.50 5.50 1,057.32 6953 04/30/1949 01/18/1990 7.92 7.92 1,690.20 1686 02/15/1949 11/30/1987 10.08 5.50 2,925.60 4821 02/17/1948 06/26/1995 2.50 2.50 552.36 5029 09/24/1955 01/27/1987 10.92 10.92 5,876.52 6692 08/17/1950 10/29/1986 11.17 8.08 2,265.24 9471 09/28/1939 06/15/1992 5.50 5.50 6,244.08 5290 12/04/1947 08/19/1970 27.33 8.08 4,349.28 6684 12/21/1948 10/01/1992 5.25 5.25 1,631.16 7428 07/14/1950 01/09/1972 25.92 25.92 7,284.72 6416 01/26/1950 11/21/1988 9.08 9.08 2,349.24 7471 09/15/1949 09/01/1992 5.33 5.33 1,299.12 0463 04/08/1951 08/26/1991 6.33 6.33 2,221.56 6283 12/23/1952 12/01/1988 9.08 9.08 2,244.12 9133 12/10/1955 07/18/1995 2.42 2.42 577.56 4385 06/12/1954 11/25/1992 5.08 5.08 1,631.40 0355 11/14/1955 08/19/1987 10.33 10.33 2,313.12 0522 10/10/1955 08/31/1981 16.33 16.33 4,215.00 0843 08/21/1955 01/30/1989 6.58 6.58 1,183.80 1096 12/27/1955 12/06/1993 4.00 4.00 863.04 2403 04/13/1955 04/13/1981 16.67 16.67 3,651.96 5936 01/03/1959 06/17/1994 3.50 3.50 1,103.88 7563 04/04/1959 11/28/1989 8.08 8.08 1,937.64 

K-62 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 7802 05/20/1958 12/10/1990 7.00 7.00 2,274.60 9321 07/25/1958 10/27/1980 17.17 17.17 6,049.56 9806 01/22/1958 04/21/1987 10.67 10.67 2,161.56 9836 11/06/1957 01/27/1987 10.92 10.92 2,334.00 5124 08/02/1963 09/30/1996 1.25 1.25 390.36 5779 12/23/1955 12/01/1986 11.08 8.08 3,235.56 6605 05/26/1957 07/27/1987 10.42 8.08 1,786.08 7392 06/15/1956 09/03/1992 5.25 5.25 1,158.84 3241 10/18/1965 08/20/1989 8.33 8.33 2,345.28 7910 08/12/1954 12/29/1987 10.00 10.00 1,764.72 8015 12/28/1953 08/08/1994 3.33 3.33 711.12 9868 08/07/1959 02/26/1989 12.50 12.50 2,487.24 0966 12/10/1956 03/09/1993 4.75 4.75 1,130.40 4168 05/04/1960 05/02/1988 9.58 9.58 2,323.32 7359 05/01/1959 06/14/1992 5.50 5.50 1,915.80 8063 04/23/1963 06/23/1994 3.50 3.50 787.44 8584 07/17/1964 09/12/1988 9.25 5.50 1,751.28 2789 05/23/1958 08/07/1989 8.33 8.33 1,909.32 3307 03/29/1957 06/10/1992 5.50 5.50 1,238.76 5135 11/01/1965 01/03/1994 3.92 3.92 1,875.00 6884 05/23/1960 06/30/1986 11.50 11.50 2,715.60 7186 03/05/1957 03/01/1988 9.83 5.50 2,197.56 7746 10/06/1959 11/20/1989 8.08 8.08 1,941.48 9761 04/07/1945 09/20/1988 9.25 9.00 2,036.76 0083 09/10/1967 12/05/1988 9.00 9.00 2,722.92 0276 02/18/1974 07/06/1992 5.42 5.42 1,440.96 2053 11/22/1959 04/09/1990 7.67 1.50 333.36 2129 01/02/1959 07/26/1987 10.42 8.08 2,458.20 3846 04/28/1960 11/21/1991 6.08 5.50 1,392.72 6111 10/30/1963 04/26/1987 10.67 8.08 2,197.56 6220 06/04/1965 02/04/1990 7.83 7.50 2,615.76 8001 06/20/1964 06/11/1984 13.50 9.00 2,476.56 1483 06/01/1967 11/07/1989 8.08 8.08 1,697.28 4096 08/02/1963 12/19/1983 14.00 14.00 2,965.68 6562 05/07/1973 01/15/1996 1.92 1.92 519.72 0301 03/16/1959 01/12/1988 9.92 9.92 2,536.20 1238 01/04/1961 01/04/1988 9.92 9.92 2,771.40 7019 05/28/1961 10/11/1993 4.17 4.17 1,311.12 4235 12/08/1959 12/18/1996 1.00 1.00 199.92 4314 10/08/1964 04/24/1990 7.67 7.67 1,634.76 4539 05/03/1962 08/08/1989 8.33 1.50 340.68 5973 07/26/1960 03/10/1981 16.75 16.75 5,473.80 9180 12/17/1971 09/24/1990 7.25 5.50 1,863.48 K-63 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 4646 01/20/1960 04/01/1984 13.75 13.75 7,391.16 6273 03/10/1969 07/12/1991 6.42 6.42 2,364.72 0042 05/05/1963 08/28/1988 9.33 8.08 1,809.48 0677 05/15/1965 01/18/1988 9.92 5.50 1,564.92 1197 04/26/1969 08/29/1991 6.33 5.50 1,530.36 1791 06/14/1964 12/26/1989 8.00 4.50 1,886.04 4288 12/13/1960 10/23/1986 9.83 6.75 1,583.88 8456 06/02/1962 11/11/1996 1.08 1.08 201.84 8595 01/14/1968 08/16/1989 8.33 8.33 2,397.48 2999 02/24/1963 06/01/1982 15.58 15.58 3,005.16 4295 07/01/1964 11/28/1995 2.08 2.08 497.04 6372 04/29/1968 04/18/1996 1.66 1.66 341.04 1259 03/20/1961 01/04/1988 9.92 5.50 1,625.04 6313 09/01/1965 11/07/1989 6.92 6.92 1,467.60 8390 04/05/1966 09/25/1989 8.25 8.25 2,170.68 9112 04/06/1968 06/04/1990 7.50 7.50 4,579.44 9288 02/12/1963 11/05/1991 6.08 6.08 1,278.00 9370 10/14/1963 10/26/1993 4.17 4.17 1,115.28 9755 08/18/1970 12/12/1994 3.00 3.00 649.92 7399 07/27/1965 08/23/1993 4.33 4.33 1,093.56 2154 10/11/1966 10/04/1989 4.08 4.08 955.08 3809 10/03/1963 05/07/1992 5.58 5.58 1,441.08 7425 11/02/1964 06/28/1996 1.50 1.50 315.48 8796 01/22/1977 07/24/1995 2.41 2.41 490.80 9315 06/28/1966 07/11/1990 7.42 7.42 1,913.52 0126 03/03/1973 06/10/1992 5.50 5.50 1,115.40 2652 01/10/1965 05/22/1990 7.58 7.58 1,575.24 7306 12/19/1964 10/18/1993 2.58 2.58 632.04 9481 07/06/1969 02/14/1996 1.83 1.83 393.24 0312 12/01/1973 10/27/1993 1.92 1.92 508.92 4373 12/30/1969 07/09/1988 9.42 7.50 1,856.40 2869 10/01/1975 07/26/1996 1.41 1.41 274.44 6726 03/25/1967 07/13/1987 10.42 10.42 2,578.44 0330 04/24/1975 06/09/1993 4.50 4.50 318.36 2425 12/05/1968 10/06/1988 9.17 5.50 2,088.36 4071 10/13/1967 03/06/1990 7.75 7.75 1,458.36 4583 04/12/1969 08/15/1989 8.33 8.33 2,016.84 1316 05/20/1934 07/21/1991 6.42 6.42 1,630.80 4493 10/29/1934 09/27/1993 4.25 4.25 1,209.36 6728 08/21/1932 09/20/1989 8.25 8.25 2,541.60 2143 08/20/1972 06/07/1992 5.50 5.50 1,547.40 5133 03/04/1970 03/13/1989 8.75 8.75 1,979.64 5754 03/01/1971 04/28/1992 5.67 5.67 1,461.96 

K-64 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 7121 07/18/1936 04/04/1988 9.67 9.00 2,814.36 2440 02/24/1973 04/06/1992 5.67 5.67 1,091.28 6405 03/10/1973 09/10/1991 3.83 3.83 687.48 7242 10/30/1975 08/16/1996 1.33 1.33 264.12 0836 10/10/1940 12/14/1987 10.00 10.00 3,353.64 0444 02/16/1972 08/20/1990 7.33 5.50 1,827.60 2469 09/15/1972 03/20/1995 2.75 2.75 577.80 6401 11/29/1939 06/07/1992 5.50 5.50 1,174.20 6658 05/30/1941 03/29/1992 5.75 5.75 1,452.60 8761 06/25/1975 07/25/1994 3.42 3.42 831.48 0448 11/15/1943 10/11/1993 4.17 4.17 932.88 2294 12/09/1939 11/18/1996 1.08 1.08 225.00 4044 02/28/1939 06/20/1988 9.50 9.50 2,390.52 4107 05/25/1940 03/20/1995 2.75 2.75 630.24 4194 06/08/1939 03/04/1992 5.75 5.75 1,125.96 1174 06/12/1941 06/13/1988 9.50 9.50 1,873.80 1176 07/27/1942 06/14/1988 9.50 9.50 2,355.96 2083 03/18/1940 01/02/1979 18.92 18.92 4,507.56 2202 04/26/1942 06/24/1990 7.50 7.50 1,453.56 3866 06/07/1939 05/03/1989 8.58 8.58 2,016.60 3918 10/20/1938 12/10/1979 18.00 18.00 3,034.80 1175 01/17/1941 06/21/1989 8.50 7.50 1,439.28 1986 11/12/1942 10/02/1978 19.17 19.17 6,003.72 2287 07/06/1941 01/02/1979 18.92 18.92 5,046.84 3232 05/21/1943 05/01/1990 6.00 6.00 1,094.28 0237 11/29/1944 12/10/1990 7.00 7.00 2,160.72 0736 11/22/1944 12/10/1990 7.00 7.00 2,095.44 0924 08/04/1944 11/05/1980 17.08 17.08 3,417.12 3716 07/20/1943 10/17/1989 8.17 8.17 1,714.92 9038 08/05/1943 01/02/1979 18.92 18.92 8,079.24 5249 10/07/1945 10/13/1969 28.17 28.17 6,199.20 7918 07/22/1946 08/05/1985 12.33 12.33 3,162.96 8211 11/17/1944 08/10/1987 10.33 10.33 2,115.12 5947 05/14/1944 05/29/1990 7.58 7.58 1,800.00 7822 10/25/1946 09/21/1987 10.25 10.25 6,485.52 0917 05/06/1951 08/15/1994 3.33 3.33 1,102.68 3577 11/22/1944 08/03/1989 8.33 8.33 1,904.40 5587 09/08/1945 05/21/1984 13.58 9.00 5,235.96 9478 03/25/1948 09/12/1983 14.25 14.25 3,467.88 0433 07/29/1954 03/09/1987 10.75 10.75 3,602.04 7086 12/15/1946 07/15/1987 10.42 5.50 1,644.24 1299 12/06/1946 07/05/1988 9.42 9.00 2,037.24 2025 04/25/1948 07/11/1988 9.42 9.00 1,988.76 K-65 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 2204 11/10/1948 12/10/1990 7.00 7.00 2,004.84 1017 05/08/1950 03/14/1988 9.75 9.00 2,543.04 9276 03/14/1950 02/25/1990 7.83 7.50 2,956.08 1978 08/12/1966 09/27/1995 2.25 2.25 1,579.68 2531 03/31/1952 04/23/1978 19.67 19.67 5,292.60 3080 05/30/1952 03/29/1976 21.75 21.75 4,543.32 3857 04/13/1951 08/19/1985 12.33 12.33 4,052.88 8924 01/20/1952 01/08/1979 18.92 18.92 6,830.76 5917 06/23/1952 04/11/1989 8.67 8.67 2,602.32 7177 09/08/1951 08/12/1992 5.33 5.33 1,839.24 7640 12/26/1952 06/29/1981 16.50 16.50 4,249.08 8444 03/27/1950 09/07/1993 4.25 4.25 1,121.88 9477 12/12/1949 02/15/1993 4.83 4.83 1,146.84 8555 04/09/1954 10/04/1989 8.17 8.17 1,673.76 0611 06/29/1952 08/17/1987 10.33 8.08 2,638.08 4482 06/02/1952 06/09/1980 17.50 17.50 3,588.36 4760 12/13/1953 06/03/1985 12.50 12.50 6,280.92 5754 01/22/1953 12/07/1987 10.00 10.00 2,673.12 5804 10/26/1966 12/05/1989 8.00 8.00 2,002.68 7263 01/16/1954 02/01/1988 9.92 9.92 2,620.56 8122 10/09/1954 07/17/1989 8.42 8.42 3,300.96 1069 01/27/1956 01/11/1989 8.92 8.92 3,716.04 2159 11/13/1953 05/14/1984 12.75 12.75 3,164.88 3495 02/27/1957 01/30/1984 13.92 13.92 3,576.60 3599 02/13/1956 08/06/1984 13.33 13.33 3,385.92 7565 04/10/1954 02/24/1992 5.83 5.83 3,892.08 3185 01/04/1956 04/04/1988 9.67 9.00 2,805.36 5061 06/19/1956 11/07/1988 9.08 9.08 2,650.56 5069 01/30/1955 05/08/1995 2.58 2.58 495.00 6816 01/24/1955 06/01/1989 8.58 8.58 1,647.24 8160 12/06/1965 08/12/1985 12.33 12.33 2,473.20 8609 12/23/1954 12/10/1979 18.00 18.00 4,318.20 5036 09/09/1971 05/13/1992 5.58 5.58 2,177.28 6227 11/22/1959 11/13/1985 12.08 12.08 2,560.32 6901 08/12/1960 03/21/1977 11.08 11.08 3,549.96 1516 12/13/1955 03/30/1992 5.75 5.75 1,090.44 3253 12/11/1968 02/20/1995 2.83 2.83 607.56 4822 09/25/1962 10/24/1988 9.17 9.17 2,434.56 5246 07/09/1959 01/21/1985 12.92 12.92 2,739.12 5787 11/21/1961 05/12/1992 5.58 5.50 1,543.08 5863 04/18/1959 03/24/1980 17.75 1.50 231.24 7284 12/31/1959 08/30/1993 4.33 4.33 1,214.88 0050 02/13/1966 10/08/1991 6.17 6.17 1,328.40 

K-66 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 5009 11/12/1969 05/24/1988 9.58 9.58 1,980.72 5781 07/20/1964 09/03/1996 1.25 1.25 390.36 6768 04/30/1960 09/02/1986 11.33 8.08 810.60 2888 01/12/1963 05/18/1981 16.58 16.58 5,003.28 6287 12/05/1960 07/11/1990 7.42 7.42 1,621.44 6826 12/18/1963 09/25/1986 11.25 8.08 1,892.28 8715 10/11/1960 09/04/1979 18.25 18.25 5,484.60 0989 11/18/1958 11/30/1987 10.08 10.08 3,125.76 2417 10/02/1959 02/19/1996 1.83 1.83 472.44 3085 08/03/1959 10/13/1986 11.17 8.08 2,467.80 5477 11/06/1965 06/19/1995 2.50 2.50 578.64 5712 12/30/1970 08/15/1993 4.33 4.33 947.04 5889 05/10/1960 06/07/1979 18.50 18.50 4,937.88 6423 02/23/1957 09/08/1992 5.25 5.25 1,586.64 7174 03/19/1969 11/01/1996 1.17 1.17 245.52 9931 06/03/1961 03/01/1995 2.83 2.83 830.52 3268 06/28/1974 11/07/1994 3.08 3.08 783.12 3293 02/16/1961 11/08/1992 5.08 5.08 1,101.24 5568 12/01/1962 11/27/1995 2.08 2.08 445.44 7183 12/01/1962 03/04/1996 1.75 1.75 407.64 5655 02/01/1961 08/21/1995 2.33 2.33 636.24 2906 10/30/1961 12/30/1985 12.00 12.00 2,546.64 6153 12/24/1960 05/22/1992 5.58 5.58 1,305.60 7497 08/09/1969 01/28/1992 5.92 5.92 1,914.84 7911 09/08/1962 06/06/1991 6.50 5.50 1,581.84 8531 09/04/1963 09/01/1987 10.33 10.33 5,340.96 1112 10/04/1962 06/04/1990 7.50 7.50 2,272.44 1793 11/08/1962 01/06/1988 9.92 9.92 2,544.24 4122 07/16/1971 08/15/1996 1.33 1.33 334.56 2544 07/23/1970 03/29/1995 2.75 1.50 328.68 2888 07/17/1968 05/04/1994 3.58 3.58 956.04 6922 03/27/1967 06/01/1989 8.58 8.58 2,099.28 6995 12/29/1966 06/05/1990 7.50 7.50 2,276.04 9106 12/22/1968 03/29/1989 8.75 5.50 1,528.32 4885 11/24/1963 06/20/1988 9.50 9.50 3,422.88 5222 01/17/1964 07/12/1996 1.42 1.42 313.56 6654 06/24/1965 03/06/1989 8.75 8.75 2,115.48 8379 12/22/1962 05/11/1994 3.58 3.58 805.32 8606 05/26/1963 01/28/1992 5.92 5.92 1,718.88 8906 03/03/1969 07/06/1992 5.42 5.42 3,001.44 2617 12/22/1974 10/17/1994 3.17 3.17 779.16 3467 03/21/1972 12/12/1994 3.00 3.00 917.52 3788 01/04/1973 09/15/1993 4.25 4.25 1,186.44 K-67 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 7143 03/16/1966 05/22/1989 8.58 8.58 1,927.20 9832 03/21/1966 07/21/1986 11.42 11.42 3,361.56 9966 11/20/1968 06/09/1994 3.50 3.50 831.84 1472 11/08/1966 10/31/1994 3.17 3.17 658.80 3096 05/05/1967 12/28/1987 10.00 5.50 2,006.64 3849 04/29/1966 06/04/1991 6.50 5.50 1,393.56 5467 07/12/1963 12/01/1986 11.08 8.08 1,999.20 5521 12/26/1973 06/10/1996 1.50 1.50 750.00 6939 02/12/1968 09/20/1993 4.25 4.25 1,511.04 0658 09/20/1965 08/18/1988 9.33 8.08 1,676.76 3442 12/10/1970 05/14/1990 7.58 7.58 2,050.08 3771 06/06/1968 05/14/1991 6.58 5.50 1,349.76 4600 02/02/1974 02/06/1995 2.83 2.83 736.44 9396 07/08/1971 10/15/1991 6.17 6.17 1,298.52 0416 12/17/1966 04/26/1988 7.75 7.75 1,535.88 0391 09/13/1967 10/17/1989 3.58 3.58 911.16 4292 01/06/1966 07/18/1991 6.42 6.42 1,445.76 5270 10/11/1972 01/15/1992 5.92 5.92 1,451.76 5273 03/23/1969 08/16/1996 1.33 1.33 306.84 6405 02/03/1970 01/18/1990 7.92 7.92 1,532.28 5653 04/10/1975 08/01/1995 2.42 1.50 311.40 1614 07/20/1934 06/18/1984 13.50 13.50 4,508.52 3575 01/16/1934 09/19/1994 3.25 3.25 694.44 2017 04/21/1969 01/17/1993 4.92 4.92 1,221.12 2592 12/26/1970 02/20/1995 2.83 2.83 612.12 9435 01/03/1969 06/22/1988 6.33 4.50 1,893.60 7060 09/12/1935 11/07/1988 9.08 9.08 2,575.08 3163 06/26/1937 05/19/1992 5.58 5.58 1,456.56 3168 02/07/1971 06/18/1990 7.50 7.50 1,536.24 3273 07/06/1971 05/08/1995 2.58 2.58 600.72 4935 10/19/1970 09/19/1994 3.25 3.25 777.60 6726 12/02/1968 05/18/1992 5.58 5.58 3,080.64 7177 05/20/1974 09/20/1992 5.25 5.25 1,219.08 3630 07/30/1936 01/02/1979 18.92 18.92 4,732.92 5021 01/28/1938 09/29/1994 3.25 3.25 962.16 7145 04/20/1935 05/18/1970 27.58 27.58 4,003.32 9933 04/09/1937 03/10/1980 17.75 17.75 3,597.96 5101 03/08/1976 11/08/1996 1.08 1.08 229.32 6727 01/30/1977 06/12/1995 2.50 2.50 552.72 8349 11/12/1936 04/19/1993 4.67 4.67 3,771.48 2532 12/30/1974 11/14/1994 3.08 3.08 720.24 8246 02/09/1974 02/24/1993 4.83 4.83 1,046.40 6140 07/25/1970 02/20/1989 6.50 6.50 1,433.16 

K-68 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 6816 12/10/1940 09/06/1990 7.25 7.25 1,505.16 3644 03/18/1941 06/06/1988 9.50 9.00 2,352.84 6055 04/11/1942 03/04/1991 6.75 6.75 1,485.12 7429 03/07/1944 05/17/1982 15.58 15.58 7,439.88 8317 01/20/1945 10/10/1988 9.17 9.00 3,202.80 1971 03/14/1945 02/01/1972 32.92 32.92 13,607.52 0503 09/14/1944 11/12/1984 13.08 13.08 3,165.24 0656 08/28/1943 06/27/1988 9.50 9.50 3,160.68 1620 06/01/1944 11/17/1986 11.08 11.08 5,398.08 2042 11/19/1944 08/13/1984 13.33 13.33 3,980.04 2198 09/11/1947 09/16/1985 12.25 12.25 2,657.88 8623 11/22/1945 07/24/1989 8.42 8.42 1,865.52 9512 01/05/1946 03/24/1995 2.75 2.75 648.84 9925 07/26/1947 08/09/1976 21.33 21.33 11,381.16 0552 02/11/1947 04/11/1988 9.67 9.00 2,441.88 1281 06/07/1947 05/01/1988 9.67 9.00 3,348.84 3578 02/11/1946 06/20/1986 11.50 11.50 2,269.92 4317 02/04/1944 09/21/1981 16.25 16.25 3,590.16 6615 01/20/1945 01/11/1988 9.92 9.92 5,156.28 6857 08/27/1945 12/28/1987 10.00 10.00 2,527.32 1659 04/06/1960 08/12/1996 1.33 1.33 279.36 7742 12/23/1945 09/07/1988 9.25 9.25 1,872.60 4642 01/20/1951 03/29/1972 25.75 25.75 9,003.72 0061 09/01/1946 05/01/1980 17.67 8.08 7,340.40 2257 01/09/1951 07/02/1990 3.92 3.92 645.84 6391 03/17/1947 06/07/1965 32.50 32.50 9,821.76 0359 06/04/1949 08/27/1979 18.33 18.33 3,791.76 0614 03/29/1950 02/01/1982 15.92 15.92 3,841.44 0617 05/05/1951 09/02/1983 9.67 9.67 2,397.96 1716 12/18/1949 07/02/1984 13.42 13.42 7,209.12 1911 01/13/1947 07/13/1987 10.42 10.42 3,377.04 2075 07/12/1948 11/06/1995 2.08 2.08 451.80 5224 12/16/1948 10/27/1980 17.17 17.17 3,725.88 7141 05/27/1946 01/23/1989 8.92 8.92 1,878.84 7155 12/28/1947 09/01/1988 9.33 9.33 2,696.40 7372 03/22/1947 03/28/1988 9.75 9.75 1,808.28 8175 08/16/1948 03/20/1989 8.25 8.25 1,521.36 8317 03/29/1947 05/26/1992 5.58 5.58 1,328.40 9911 11/05/1948 01/27/1993 4.92 4.92 1,074.00 6683 05/25/1948 06/27/1966 31.50 31.50 7,944.84 0854 09/19/1950 09/23/1993 4.25 4.25 1,017.48 1115 05/05/1950 07/09/1992 5.42 5.42 1,020.60 1228 03/04/1948 09/21/1988 9.25 5.50 1,297.56 K-69 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 1273 05/30/1949 09/22/1988 9.25 8.08 1,984.44 3666 02/04/1951 01/11/1983 14.92 14.92 2,777.16 3771 09/19/1948 08/31/1981 18.42 18.42 3,255.72 7806 03/31/1951 03/07/1990 7.75 7.75 1,813.44 8149 12/20/1948 10/11/1993 4.17 4.17 975.60 2409 06/06/1950 12/14/1994 3.00 3.00 865.80 5961 09/07/1949 10/19/1987 10.17 10.17 4,416.12 5995 10/22/1950 05/26/1988 9.58 9.58 3,489.24 7583 10/06/1951 07/14/1994 3.42 3.42 724.68 3317 08/10/1951 09/14/1989 8.25 1.58 331.80 7526 02/13/1950 04/30/1992 5.67 5.67 1,330.08 8021 10/23/1951 08/28/1989 8.33 7.50 1,568.64 9407 01/26/1952 02/28/1978 19.83 8.08 3,240.72 9408 11/27/1953 01/03/1994 3.92 3.92 5,675.28 0069 02/19/1952 09/03/1996 1.25 1.25 289.92 1038 12/22/1951 09/01/1993 4.33 4.33 1,145.04 1614 10/24/1952 08/19/1985 12.33 12.33 1,834.32 1817 04/22/1952 01/31/1996 1.92 1.92 439.44 3263 07/10/1952 07/16/1979 18.42 18.42 8,724.72 3633 01/05/1950 11/29/1972 25.08 25.08 10,793.04 3954 11/17/1950 08/29/1979 18.33 18.33 8,300.16 4262 05/13/1953 10/11/1993 4.17 4.17 1,197.60 5705 02/03/1952 11/18/1991 6.08 6.08 1,629.96 6461 07/14/1951 04/25/1988 9.67 9.00 2,990.88 8465 09/17/1950 05/31/1988 9.58 9.00 2,930.88 8496 09/17/1952 06/27/1988 9.50 9.00 2,816.76 7052 12/30/1952 06/23/1994 3.50 3.50 840.12 7700 05/08/1954 01/16/1989 8.92 8.92 2,068.80 9309 05/17/1953 06/20/1988 9.50 9.00 1,725.24 0674 11/16/1953 04/11/1988 9.67 9.00 3,066.96 0802 12/13/1953 09/27/1988 9.25 9.00 3,022.68 2392 10/30/1955 05/24/1988 9.58 9.00 3,349.20 2576 04/26/1952 01/04/1988 9.92 9.92 2,377.08 4780 07/15/1951 11/18/1996 1.08 1.08 207.84 1064 03/16/1954 07/14/1992 5.42 5.42 1,215.00 1377 02/13/1954 05/09/1988 9.58 9.58 2,145.00 1451 09/24/1953 01/04/1988 9.92 9.92 1,890.60 2114 08/12/1968 09/25/1989 8.25 8.25 1,634.76 9151 06/29/1954 11/20/1989 8.08 7.50 1,533.96 9805 03/05/1955 07/19/1988 9.42 9.42 2,150.28 3942 11/21/1954 05/12/1992 5.58 5.50 1,386.36 4290 11/10/1956 05/18/1987 10.58 8.08 3,231.48 7748 01/03/1955 04/18/1988 9.67 5.50 1,689.00 

K-70 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 7868 12/12/1955 05/03/1992 3.50 3.50 815.76 8046 03/15/1955 06/29/1988 9.50 8.08 2,508.60 8151 02/17/1968 09/15/1991 6.25 6.25 1,434.00 9031 01/16/1958 09/22/1987 10.25 8.08 2,106.48 6869 02/14/1972 08/19/1993 4.33 4.33 1,278.72 8843 12/15/1957 06/13/1988 9.50 9.00 3,319.20 0056 06/20/1959 02/27/1989 8.83 8.83 1,805.76 1908 05/23/1959 06/05/1990 7.50 7.50 1,541.88 1917 10/02/1958 09/20/1996 1.25 1.25 262.92 1568 09/01/1963 10/21/1982 15.17 8.08 3,590.52 2248 04/06/1962 08/29/1988 9.33 9.33 2,159.16 6485 03/18/1958 06/19/1989 8.50 8.50 3,084.72 8228 11/03/1964 03/11/1987 10.75 8.08 2,418.96 2827 06/15/1960 07/18/1990 3.33 3.33 564.72 3573 06/25/1958 06/09/1995 10.42 10.42 1,945.20 3876 02/10/1958 11/15/1993 4.08 4.08 1,057.08 4577 11/04/1958 04/08/1992 4.42 4.42 829.92 6154 03/12/1958 03/04/1996 1.75 1.75 407.64 7576 01/16/1960 02/20/1979 19.50 19.50 4,247.28 8254 12/13/1966 08/27/1986 11.33 8.08 1,752.36 5229 07/02/1959 11/27/1995 2.08 2.08 452.40 6544 02/16/1960 01/11/1987 10.92 8.08 2,523.60 3558 03/09/1961 06/16/1986 11.50 11.50 4,337.52 5246 11/23/1960 03/02/1982 15.75 15.75 4,455.36 5369 09/16/1974 05/24/1993 1.67 1.67 749.76 8257 03/18/1961 02/11/1981 16.83 16.83 4,515.48 1529 02/29/1972 09/13/1996 1.25 1.25 247.68 2545 03/08/1973 01/20/1993 4.92 4.92 1,160.04 5873 01/24/1963 11/22/1993 4.08 4.08 967.32 8145 08/18/1961 10/31/1988 9.17 9.00 2,230.32 9837 04/19/1962 01/04/1995 2.92 2.92 593.16 5627 11/24/1966 05/12/1992 5.58 5.50 1,301.64 4147 12/26/1972 03/15/1993 4.75 4.75 1,163.40 6337 07/21/1961 04/11/1988 9.67 9.00 3,505.92 8279 09/19/1970 09/23/1993 4.25 4.25 920.64 2325 11/11/1959 08/07/1990 7.33 7.33 1,539.24 2526 06/25/1963 08/02/1996 1.33 1.33 272.88 6678 04/10/1959 04/13/1989 8.67 8.08 1,843.32 8840 02/09/1961 01/11/1987 10.92 8.08 2,711.64 0741 01/23/1964 07/08/1988 9.42 9.42 3,338.40 1228 07/17/1965 01/18/1988 9.92 9.92 1,802.64 4252 12/21/1961 09/03/1991 6.25 6.25 1,697.40 4748 01/12/1973 06/04/1993 4.50 4.50 1,209.60 K-71 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 8989 08/19/1968 03/18/1996 1.75 1.75 1,181.28 9605 06/14/1964 03/05/1990 7.75 7.75 2,207.40 0607 03/12/1962 03/31/1981 16.75 16.75 4,335.48 1175 06/11/1962 10/16/1989 8.17 7.50 1,762.56 1127 10/20/1969 01/14/1990 7.92 2.42 320.04 1241 05/22/1971 12/11/1989 8.00 8.00 1,913.28 2264 09/08/1971 05/06/1993 4.58 4.58 1,143.96 4520 06/02/1963 05/07/1992 5.58 5.58 1,417.20 5877 11/25/1962 03/15/1991 6.75 5.50 1,476.12 6021 11/05/1962 05/20/1988 8.33 8.33 3,004.20 6899 01/30/1975 08/12/1993 4.33 4.33 1,118.28 7474 10/19/1970 10/01/1996 1.25 1.25 291.24 3551 06/15/1964 04/28/1986 11.67 11.67 2,485.68 5106 09/10/1963 10/11/1993 4.17 4.17 884.40 0027 12/01/1964 11/02/1986 11.17 8.08 3,179.52 0308 01/06/1965 09/14/1988 9.25 0.50 109.56 2353 05/15/1971 08/03/1994 3.33 3.33 968.40 3690 08/01/1963 02/13/1984 13.83 13.83 3,682.20 5318 07/26/1965 05/10/1993 4.58 4.58 1,180.32 8465 10/24/1964 07/26/1991 6.42 5.50 2,084.64 0281 11/10/1965 11/07/1988 9.08 9.00 3,120.48 0865 05/12/1969 10/04/1992 5.17 5.17 1,181.40 7264 09/10/1976 06/06/1995 2.50 2.50 552.84 1524 10/29/1972 03/07/1991 6.75 5.50 1,270.92 1589 02/07/1968 01/27/1988 9.92 9.92 2,322.36 5083 03/31/1970 03/09/1992 5.75 5.75 1,138.92 8589 08/25/1964 08/17/1988 9.33 9.00 2,551.20 3335 03/29/1967 12/06/1996 1.00 1.00 210.84 9959 07/26/1968 11/13/1996 1.08 1.08 214.56 0542 09/15/1967 11/11/1986 11.08 11.08 2,817.84 1450 10/24/1969 09/10/1990 7.25 7.25 1,327.68 6135 01/08/1970 10/06/1992 5.17 5.17 1,198.32 2020 04/11/1968 12/12/1994 3.00 3.00 628.56 0141 09/03/1966 02/22/1990 7.83 7.83 1,535.04 6603 09/03/1970 07/24/1989 8.42 5.50 1,828.68 8292 11/18/1968 04/12/1993 4.67 4.67 2,343.24 2613 07/15/1969 01/11/1988 9.92 5.50 1,461.24 6676 07/26/1970 11/17/1989 8.08 5.50 1,333.32 7804 11/13/1975 05/13/1996 1.58 1.58 429.36 8138 04/02/1969 02/28/1991 6.83 5.50 1,383.72 9238 04/13/1973 09/13/1993 4.25 4.25 1,243.68 1241 01/16/1974 05/11/1995 2.58 1.50 383.16 1328 09/05/1971 11/20/1991 6.08 1.50 499.92 

K-72 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 5173 03/08/1937 11/30/1986 11.08 8.08 1,941.24 7447 07/04/1936 06/10/1992 5.50 5.50 1,064.88 3136 07/22/1961 03/13/1990 7.75 7.75 1,866.24 3156 11/28/1973 10/21/1996 1.17 1.17 290.52 4801 10/12/1976 01/22/1996 1.92 1.92 453.96 5336 09/27/1972 08/11/1992 5.33 5.33 1,121.40 7513 03/01/1976 09/18/1996 1.25 1.25 315.60 3293 03/08/1937 10/21/1985 12.17 12.17 2,251.32 7241 05/11/1937 11/02/1978 19.08 19.08 3,328.32 9027 05/15/1938 07/07/1986 11.42 11.42 2,397.84 9185 05/21/1935 08/22/1989 8.33 8.33 1,661.40 1589 02/11/1973 09/11/1996 1.25 1.25 424.92 3126 04/27/1977 02/01/1996 1.91 1.91 471.96 7875 04/15/1975 09/18/1996 1.25 1.25 292.32 1310 11/06/1938 04/27/1989 8.67 8.67 1,715.76 1586 11/19/1938 01/23/1989 8.92 8.92 2,145.84 2702 12/24/1937 02/03/1982 15.83 15.83 3,721.92 2376 02/12/1974 09/15/1993 4.25 4.25 1,156.32 3802 11/17/1959 04/09/1990 6.42 6.42 1,578.12 4167 04/15/1941 12/18/1989 8.00 7.50 1,586.28 9594 07/21/1940 12/18/1978 19.00 19.00 19,112.52 0113 01/06/1940 04/17/1979 18.67 18.67 3,703.32 3014 04/20/1977 10/16/1995 2.16 2.16 431.64 8140 09/24/1972 03/28/1994 3.75 3.75 868.68 2037 05/09/1939 09/03/1992 5.25 5.25 1,570.56 2126 03/09/1941 09/07/1986 11.25 8.08 3,052.32 1445 06/24/1942 09/13/1971 26.25 26.25 3,982.20 8613 09/08/1943 06/27/1990 7.50 1.50 391.20 9797 04/02/1943 10/07/1996 1.17 1.17 260.52 7294 09/18/1944 07/26/1993 4.42 4.42 2,492.04 8304 02/17/1944 07/14/1988 9.42 9.00 2,379.60 0018 06/15/1945 01/22/1988 9.17 9.17 1,784.88 5543 10/15/1946 05/20/1974 23.58 23.58 3,407.16 9145 09/19/1942 11/13/1986 11.08 8.08 4,295.04 3237 10/11/1946 12/14/1987 10.00 10.00 2,476.20 4218 11/03/1941 03/13/1989 8.75 8.75 2,260.20 8275 07/11/1947 05/03/1972 25.58 25.58 4,995.48 1676 12/13/1946 06/05/1989 8.50 8.50 1,920.84 7016 04/12/1946 06/13/1988 9.50 9.50 2,095.20 4356 01/22/1973 08/16/1996 1.33 1.33 280.56 0977 06/09/1947 07/11/1988 9.42 9.42 1,875.48 1667 08/12/1946 09/20/1993 4.25 4.25 1,867.92 1808 01/05/1948 03/24/1993 4.75 4.75 1,061.52 K-73 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 1915 02/27/1947 06/11/1984 13.50 13.50 2,665.80 1961 07/22/1946 04/01/1996 1.75 1.75 525.12 2227 08/26/1950 04/06/1993 4.67 4.67 1,862.28 2278 10/06/1947 10/01/1991 6.25 6.25 1,493.28 2973 08/01/1946 04/12/1995 2.67 2.67 522.36 6721 08/11/1950 04/25/1988 9.67 9.67 2,679.00 7696 04/14/1948 11/06/1991 6.08 6.08 1,330.68 8345 04/07/1947 05/09/1996 1.58 1.58 313.68 8414 07/17/1948 08/03/1981 16.33 8.08 2,134.32 9857 11/04/1948 05/19/1993 1.50 1.50 424.68 0455 10/19/1948 07/13/1988 9.42 8.08 1,809.84 0602 05/31/1949 06/21/1989 8.50 7.50 1,659.72 0964 06/07/1949 01/24/1990 7.92 7.92 1,337.52 5213 05/10/1948 07/01/1991 6.50 6.50 2,195.04 5435 09/22/1949 01/14/1985 12.92 12.92 3,652.56 5779 03/04/1948 04/13/1994 3.67 3.67 885.12 8417 07/04/1950 11/30/1987 10.08 10.08 2,535.24 8909 01/13/1950 01/06/1988 9.92 9.92 2,351.52 4242 11/23/1949 02/25/1991 6.83 6.83 4,891.56 0744 02/25/1953 05/15/1991 6.58 5.50 1,404.00 1066 06/23/1950 01/13/1993 4.92 4.92 1,062.60 1302 08/06/1950 03/25/1990 7.75 7.50 1,704.72 1670 01/17/1952 07/20/1988 9.42 8.08 1,656.36 2129 07/04/1951 01/26/1989 8.92 7.50 2,237.04 7342 09/24/1950 06/27/1988 9.50 9.00 3,242.76 8239 07/29/1951 12/14/1987 10.00 10.00 3,753.72 8324 02/15/1950 07/25/1989 8.42 8.42 1,558.20 8835 01/14/1951 01/04/1988 9.92 9.92 2,484.36 9217 04/09/1948 05/03/1993 4.58 4.58 1,814.52 9643 05/02/1951 06/30/1989 8.50 8.50 3,606.48 3403 05/06/1951 03/18/1996 1.75 1.75 462.84 3580 11/01/1953 08/10/1988 9.33 9.33 2,249.04 0140 08/06/1953 09/02/1986 11.33 8.08 3,993.96 0335 08/19/1951 12/07/1986 11.00 8.08 2,553.48 1801 06/25/1950 03/15/1995 2.75 2.75 776.04 2116 03/21/1959 08/07/1988 9.33 8.08 2,518.44 2755 02/29/1952 03/24/1980 17.75 1.50 437.88 8144 06/16/1952 07/17/1981 16.42 16.42 5,270.04 8910 11/19/1950 03/05/1990 8.42 8.42 1,278.36 0839 07/10/1952 10/14/1983 14.17 14.17 5,833.44 7709 08/23/1953 08/06/1996 1.33 1.33 294.00 8006 10/07/1954 08/15/1984 13.33 13.33 3,431.64 8067 09/24/1954 06/14/1992 5.50 5.50 2,307.12 

K-74 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 9263 06/04/1952 01/11/1980 17.92 17.92 4,057.56 5087 12/11/1953 09/03/1992 5.25 5.25 1,304.76 5530 01/12/1954 08/11/1986 11.33 8.08 2,336.04 5713 10/06/1953 04/01/1992 5.75 5.75 1,407.72 6220 07/25/1949 11/16/1986 11.08 8.08 2,185.32 6695 08/10/1954 04/16/1990 7.67 7.67 1,911.72 6795 03/08/1953 01/11/1988 9.92 5.50 1,243.68 7277 07/04/1956 03/18/1992 5.75 5.75 1,052.52 7579 09/11/1956 10/06/1995 2.17 2.17 728.64 7746 06/14/1954 09/06/1996 1.25 1.25 298.92 0051 04/23/1954 09/06/1990 7.25 7.25 1,567.56 0243 04/24/1955 09/04/1992 5.25 5.25 1,181.76 1012 08/12/1954 12/16/1993 4.00 4.00 967.20 1427 11/06/1955 01/14/1994 3.92 3.92 950.52 1551 10/01/1955 11/27/1989 8.08 5.50 1,844.88 1685 08/15/1952 09/03/1992 5.25 5.25 1,252.56 1887 01/12/1959 01/27/1983 14.92 8.08 3,630.60 7566 07/26/1957 01/10/1978 19.92 19.92 3,393.12 9260 04/11/1956 07/18/1977 20.42 20.42 3,664.92 9552 08/10/1955 06/14/1988 9.50 9.50 2,240.16 3746 12/12/1968 09/29/1993 4.25 1.50 312.36 7113 03/08/1957 09/22/1986 11.25 11.25 2,846.04 8731 06/10/1956 04/06/1982 15.67 15.67 3,142.68 6695 09/07/1952 11/27/1989 8.08 8.08 2,451.60 1184 10/04/1966 09/16/1992 5.25 5.25 1,396.92 4386 08/03/1962 04/24/1984 12.50 12.50 2,684.52 5119 07/31/1957 09/07/1988 9.25 5.50 1,233.84 5410 05/18/1958 01/12/1987 10.92 8.08 1,837.44 5585 02/03/1970 09/03/1992 5.25 5.25 1,870.08 2977 03/22/1962 06/18/1991 4.83 4.83 993.96 3847 06/05/1961 01/01/1990 8.00 8.00 1,415.28 4661 02/25/1960 12/16/1996 1.00 1.00 186.96 6435 02/10/1957 07/25/1990 7.42 7.42 1,451.16 6699 04/22/1961 01/25/1988 9.92 5.50 1,747.20 8364 11/05/1959 05/21/1989 8.58 8.58 1,735.32 3957 08/15/1959 07/21/1992 5.42 5.42 1,263.12 4876 08/15/1960 05/08/1989 8.58 8.58 1,913.40 7985 03/07/1957 07/24/1991 6.42 6.42 1,823.88 9906 07/07/1968 04/27/1994 3.67 3.67 977.28 5361 06/04/1960 07/18/1994 3.42 3.42 749.40 8356 12/30/1959 03/18/1985 12.75 12.75 2,098.56 8639 09/21/1958 10/20/1992 5.17 5.17 1,333.08 0484 04/01/1962 06/01/1993 4.58 4.58 981.60 K-75 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 9287 12/23/1960 09/01/1995 2.33 2.33 494.64 0102 06/24/1959 04/26/1989 8.67 8.67 4,111.08 2350 08/25/1958 11/10/1976 19.33 14.25 3,024.12 3720 01/27/1964 12/16/1993 4.00 4.00 883.68 6654 04/30/1969 09/01/1995 2.33 2.33 617.16 8259 09/16/1959 02/06/1995 2.83 2.83 721.20 0728 02/29/1968 10/17/1991 3.58 3.58 688.44 1859 12/09/1969 07/21/1995 0.33 0.33 83.88 3064 11/16/1961 12/05/1995 2.00 2.00 1,295.88 4719 10/18/1961 07/30/1987 10.42 8.08 1,860.96 6645 11/21/1959 08/30/1996 1.33 1.33 280.44 9399 09/20/1958 07/18/1994 3.42 3.42 910.68 9692 03/30/1971 10/03/1994 3.17 3.17 1,148.04 1373 07/08/1962 09/20/1991 6.92 6.92 1,409.76 3951 12/05/1973 04/30/1993 4.67 4.67 1,174.56 4235 12/08/1959 12/18/1996 1.00 1.00 200.04 6270 10/08/1965 01/01/1990 8.00 8.00 1,781.52 7011 05/19/1969 03/18/1993 4.75 4.50 1,269.36 6397 12/29/1968 07/06/1992 5.42 5.42 3,062.64 0400 12/26/1969 09/23/1994 3.25 3.25 725.04 2803 07/17/1971 04/03/1995 2.67 2.67 608.52 3173 10/31/1970 09/30/1991 5.00 5.00 1,177.56 3199 04/09/1962 03/25/1990 7.75 7.75 1,667.52 7329 09/15/1968 03/08/1994 3.75 3.75 1,154.64 8567 04/05/1962 02/16/1988 9.83 5.50 1,673.64 8902 07/03/1963 08/27/1986 11.00 7.75 1,707.48 8919 05/10/1961 07/21/1986 11.42 8.08 2,314.32 9010 07/16/1968 08/02/1990 7.33 7.33 1,930.44 0035 12/14/1967 06/24/1996 1.50 1.50 289.44 1011 09/06/1961 09/28/1987 10.25 5.50 1,954.08 2135 05/16/1971 10/07/1996 1.17 1.17 258.12 2905 05/26/1970 10/04/1988 9.17 9.17 2,008.20 3363 09/04/1962 05/28/1993 2.50 2.50 495.72 4544 10/29/1964 07/18/1994 3.42 3.42 1,060.56 4680 06/08/1961 08/11/1986 11.33 8.08 3,403.56 6643 03/08/1962 06/01/1988 9.58 9.00 2,071.20 7983 04/26/1968 09/10/1993 4.25 4.25 1,105.92 9855 11/16/1964 09/22/1989 8.25 5.50 1,770.84 9431 09/10/1960 08/31/1988 9.33 9.33 1,620.60 4595 04/29/1964 12/10/1991 6.00 6.00 1,698.12 6185 03/27/1969 08/29/1991 4.08 4.08 764.52 7110 05/24/1966 06/19/1989 8.50 8.50 2,972.52 7459 07/10/1967 07/18/1989 8.42 8.42 2,077.56 

K-76 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 8719 09/09/1975 12/12/1994 3.00 3.00 762.36 8961 03/14/1976 05/31/1996 1.58 1.58 397.32 0198 10/22/1971 05/18/1994 3.58 3.58 978.96 4607 10/02/1970 01/25/1994 3.92 3.92 833.64 4736 03/13/1969 01/28/1993 4.92 4.92 1,164.00 5876 03/07/1965 02/27/1994 3.83 3.83 845.28 8848 10/31/1974 06/14/1993 4.50 4.50 1,146.96 8953 09/11/1965 08/18/1994 3.33 3.33 803.64 2858 07/22/1966 03/06/1989 8.75 8.75 2,334.72 7800 05/01/1968 07/28/1986 12.08 12.08 2,449.92 7898 04/08/1968 11/09/1993 4.08 4.08 808.44 8669 09/03/1967 08/27/1996 1.33 1.33 279.36 2520 07/27/1967 03/08/1994 3.75 3.75 1,008.48 6902 01/19/1967 10/12/1986 11.17 8.08 2,144.28 8108 07/28/1973 10/07/1992 5.17 5.17 1,054.56 8202 09/07/1976 06/28/1996 1.50 1.50 315.48 8332 08/19/1975 08/29/1996 1.33 1.33 310.56 8911 01/08/1971 08/11/1992 1.75 1.75 329.16 9622 07/16/1970 12/18/1991 6.00 5.50 1,352.88 4719 06/25/1967 11/21/1994 3.08 3.08 793.44 5280 05/19/1965 02/13/1996 1.83 1.83 434.28 7050 10/08/1966 09/28/1994 3.25 3.25 1,011.60 8358 12/18/1970 05/01/1990 5.92 5.92 1,310.04 6110 04/09/1968 09/21/1992 5.25 5.25 1,164.48 0466 06/28/1971 01/09/1995 2.92 2.92 637.08 6815 07/01/1969 03/19/1989 8.75 8.75 1,779.72 8428 05/10/1969 03/14/1996 1.75 1.75 430.44 1952 10/31/1968 07/17/1989 8.42 8.42 2,024.64 2571 08/28/1967 08/19/1991 6.33 6.33 1,589.52 8635 10/27/1969 06/26/1989 8.50 8.50 1,879.80 9952 02/21/1970 10/13/1988 9.17 5.50 1,123.92 9968 03/26/1970 11/07/1994 3.08 3.08 1,173.48 7322 09/17/1969 11/05/1991 6.08 6.08 1,905.60 8363 07/13/1971 12/02/1993 2.83 2.83 671.88 5829 08/21/1938 08/11/1992 5.33 5.33 1,208.88 7580 09/03/1936 03/04/1981 16.75 16.75 3,514.32 8110 07/07/1936 03/27/1990 7.75 7.75 1,611.36 8449 02/05/1936 03/04/1996 1.75 1.75 387.24 0396 11/16/1971 05/18/1992 5.58 5.58 1,437.12 4846 10/31/1970 08/31/1989 8.25 7.50 1,376.76 5670 05/25/1970 07/01/1991 6.50 6.50 2,074.32 1274 06/29/1976 08/31/1995 2.33 2.33 478.44 6146 04/13/1969 07/14/1992 5.42 5.42 1,002.12 K-77 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 6179 05/15/1975 03/20/1995 2.75 2.75 614.64 6197 06/17/1971 07/13/1992 2.83 2.83 488.52 7835 08/12/1973 11/18/1996 1.08 1.08 206.28 0091 05/30/1938 10/21/1991 6.17 6.17 2,283.48 5513 10/23/1966 08/19/1994 3.33 3.33 697.20 6000 04/10/1973 07/07/1994 3.42 3.42 1,051.56 8520 04/17/1976 12/16/1996 1.00 1.00 210.36 0069 07/26/1941 06/12/1991 6.50 5.50 1,098.00 6306 09/04/1935 04/11/1988 9.67 9.00 3,028.80 3653 06/28/1976 09/28/1994 3.25 3.25 791.16 9726 02/27/1976 05/30/1995 2.58 2.58 592.68 9728 11/07/1971 08/27/1996 1.33 1.33 294.96 1136 09/25/1938 01/19/1987 10.92 8.08 1,787.76 8018 06/19/1938 08/17/1989 8.33 8.33 1,860.00 6790 06/10/1942 11/04/1996 1.08 1.08 236.76 2828 10/01/1935 06/20/1988 9.50 9.50 1,850.28 2952 01/08/1942 01/30/1991 6.92 6.92 1,519.08 5749 07/31/1942 05/08/1995 2.58 2.58 552.12 9755 05/20/1941 07/22/1987 10.42 8.08 2,110.92 9840 03/23/1943 06/19/1989 8.50 8.50 2,054.40 0254 10/29/1942 07/10/1989 8.42 8.42 3,324.72 0842 07/15/1944 01/06/1989 8.92 8.92 2,548.20 8716 08/02/1944 09/08/1986 8.50 8.50 2,250.24 9335 08/25/1946 10/15/1991 6.17 6.17 2,091.12 7922 09/12/1945 07/11/1989 8.50 8.50 5,172.00 0118 07/11/1946 04/29/1992 5.67 5.67 1,469.88 0383 04/08/1948 11/24/1993 4.08 4.08 1,116.12 0721 05/09/1947 08/08/1977 20.33 8.08 7,051.20 2341 08/12/1944 08/10/1987 10.33 8.08 2,648.04 2480 07/08/1947 11/23/1987 10.08 9.33 7,440.84 7620 06/17/1951 01/09/1995 2.92 2.92 775.68 3575 10/09/1949 10/25/1993 4.17 4.17 1,753.92 8178 06/21/1948 11/29/1989 8.08 8.08 1,365.84 0037 12/01/1947 02/16/1981 16.83 9.00 5,734.20 5052 11/04/1947 11/12/1979 15.17 15.17 3,400.80 6328 07/07/1949 01/12/1982 15.92 15.92 3,605.28 6791 01/21/1948 10/22/1981 16.17 16.17 2,883.24 6864 09/21/1946 03/07/1996 1.75 1.75 474.60 6971 09/08/1955 06/16/1986 11.50 9.33 9,691.56 1975 10/15/1946 10/01/1987 10.25 10.25 1,873.44 3980 06/25/1949 05/01/1995 2.67 2.67 2,402.64 5574 06/06/1949 06/06/1988 9.50 9.00 2,304.12 8054 01/28/1952 08/30/1993 4.33 4.33 865.56 

K-78 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 8533 04/10/1951 06/16/1989 8.50 8.50 2,109.00 4826 07/26/1953 03/27/1995 2.75 2.75 696.00 7736 06/24/1949 12/15/1989 8.00 8.00 2,148.24 8254 12/17/1954 07/15/1994 3.42 3.42 820.32 1603 06/29/1954 11/23/1992 5.08 5.08 953.76 7992 09/09/1952 01/09/1989 8.92 8.92 2,979.60 8570 12/14/1960 01/10/1989 8.92 8.92 1,785.36 8733 12/09/1951 03/06/1995 2.75 2.75 717.12 9547 09/15/1952 03/28/1989 8.75 8.75 1,897.92 9644 04/02/1953 06/12/1990 7.50 7.50 1,891.32 9841 07/07/1952 10/21/1996 1.17 1.17 252.36 0104 09/19/1951 04/18/1990 7.67 7.67 1,966.20 0758 04/30/1951 09/16/1993 4.25 4.25 1,245.12 0955 04/17/1952 10/29/1979 18.17 18.17 4,743.36 0969 01/13/1952 03/24/1986 11.75 11.75 4,404.24 2383 04/02/1956 04/21/1980 17.67 17.67 4,831.92 2661 11/14/1955 01/09/1995 2.92 2.92 650.52 4260 04/20/1953 02/06/1995 2.83 2.83 775.44 3734 07/21/1953 02/15/1993 4.83 4.83 2,546.16 6503 07/08/1954 09/10/1986 11.25 11.25 2,923.32 8143 06/04/1955 03/30/1981 16.75 16.75 5,137.68 2866 08/27/1955 10/24/1988 9.17 9.17 2,306.04 3008 03/29/1958 07/05/1994 3.42 3.42 865.44 3118 09/27/1956 01/25/1988 9.92 9.92 2,385.36 3342 09/21/1954 12/01/1986 11.08 11.08 2,158.56 3859 12/21/1954 02/04/1991 13.08 6.83 935.04 8041 10/17/1953 03/09/1993 4.75 4.75 1,172.04 8071 12/28/1953 05/13/1992 5.58 5.58 1,419.72 8114 03/04/1969 05/23/1988 9.58 9.58 2,206.20 8303 06/13/1953 01/19/1987 9.75 7.83 1,955.88 8355 08/03/1956 12/12/1988 9.00 9.00 3,672.60 9884 12/23/1953 08/02/1993 4.33 4.33 826.56 1326 11/07/1956 06/19/1975 20.75 14.25 2,724.36 2545 10/28/1954 01/21/1982 15.92 8.08 2,041.68 2732 02/23/1957 06/24/1990 7.50 7.50 1,610.88 3705 09/04/1957 08/23/1987 10.33 0.25 60.60 3818 01/29/1956 06/18/1992 5.50 5.50 1,463.64 4036 04/25/1956 11/15/1996 1.08 1.08 223.68 4854 06/01/1955 03/04/1992 5.75 5.75 1,345.20 9069 11/24/1954 06/06/1988 9.50 9.50 2,558.04 9308 07/09/1954 10/12/1987 10.17 10.17 2,998.32 9620 07/16/1954 12/10/1987 10.00 10.00 2,491.56 9689 08/28/1954 08/10/1981 16.33 16.33 3,022.20 K-79 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 2827 08/17/1958 08/15/1994 3.33 3.33 958.92 7728 03/04/1958 06/06/1995 2.50 1.50 292.56 8429 10/23/1959 06/14/1991 6.50 5.50 1,419.36 8453 02/06/1959 06/09/1988 9.50 5.50 1,409.40 1814 03/12/1959 10/13/1987 10.17 10.17 2,493.96 1905 08/25/1956 06/07/1976 21.50 21.50 8,218.44 5429 12/25/1957 11/04/1985 12.08 12.08 2,278.68 7287 06/29/1959 01/18/1988 9.92 9.92 1,859.52 2601 09/23/1958 09/04/1986 11.25 8.08 3,620.52 5472 12/07/1956 12/27/1988 9.00 9.00 2,393.76 5582 02/12/1961 12/10/1987 10.00 10.00 1,824.36 6224 07/28/1957 04/11/1990 7.67 7.67 1,550.76 7428 09/02/1956 03/23/1987 10.75 9.00 8,788.68 8255 03/25/1970 04/01/1992 3.92 3.92 699.84 1614 10/15/1958 08/29/1988 9.33 9.33 2,225.64 2317 11/25/1972 06/21/1995 2.50 2.50 583.68 3460 11/13/1958 06/27/1993 4.50 4.50 1,290.84 3545 04/09/1959 03/01/1990 7.83 7.50 1,278.96 5088 02/09/1959 01/21/1991 6.92 6.92 2,282.52 5160 05/08/1958 08/31/1987 10.33 5.50 1,283.16 7298 09/20/1970 10/07/1996 1.17 1.17 248.52 7463 02/04/1967 08/29/1994 2.25 2.25 486.12 2277 07/10/1958 06/21/1989 8.50 8.50 2,008.56 7973 03/22/1964 05/10/1991 6.58 6.58 1,475.40 3116 03/13/1961 12/28/1987 10.00 5.50 1,807.08 9155 05/08/1970 05/24/1992 5.58 5.58 1,438.80 3243 04/30/1965 11/28/1995 2.08 2.08 447.96 5699 08/03/1964 05/07/1992 5.58 5.58 1,631.04 0542 11/24/1961 08/26/1991 6.33 5.50 1,316.40 5690 10/12/1960 06/01/1987 10.58 10.58 3,733.68 7866 08/19/1974 06/20/1993 4.50 4.50 1,339.80 0662 01/11/1970 11/16/1989 8.08 5.50 1,789.80 3371 10/21/1965 05/09/1994 3.58 3.58 821.52 7258 12/16/1961 10/19/1986 11.17 11.17 2,789.28 1184 03/07/1962 10/30/1992 5.17 5.17 1,657.80 3580 04/09/1963 02/06/1989 8.83 7.50 4,088.04 6780 01/30/1975 04/12/1995 0.91 0.91 213.60 9567 10/10/1962 06/11/1984 13.50 13.50 3,143.40 0835 09/30/1965 10/13/1989 8.17 5.50 1,165.08 2217 04/07/1964 04/29/1982 15.67 15.67 2,838.96 6126 04/28/1964 01/09/1985 12.92 12.92 2,586.36 7683 03/07/1974 08/17/1993 4.33 4.33 1,056.36 3379 02/10/1963 09/06/1988 9.25 9.25 2,260.08 

K-80 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 7604 03/29/1966 09/01/1992 2.75 2.75 725.16 1205 02/09/1976 11/23/1994 3.08 3.08 742.20 4790 08/19/1967 09/25/1996 1.25 1.25 276.60 5057 07/26/1966 05/07/1992 5.58 5.58 1,358.28 6514 03/25/1965 10/07/1993 4.17 4.17 1,009.20 8629 08/30/1961 04/10/1995 2.67 2.67 697.08 5295 01/26/1966 08/18/1986 11.33 11.33 1,843.44 3316 10/13/1966 11/09/1988 9.08 9.08 1,614.24 7439 11/14/1966 02/20/1989 8.83 8.83 2,223.36 7969 01/24/1968 05/22/1989 8.58 8.58 2,468.64 3985 05/12/1970 02/02/1989 8.83 8.83 1,844.04 5265 07/19/1971 07/25/1991 6.42 6.42 1,792.56 7306 03/11/1968 04/01/1990 7.75 7.75 2,389.68 7801 02/21/1968 08/20/1993 4.33 4.33 1,246.32 0357 11/08/1967 08/07/1996 1.33 1.33 323.40 1418 08/15/1973 10/08/1991 6.17 5.50 1,454.40 2862 06/24/1970 11/18/1996 1.08 1.08 221.76 7928 12/14/1966 01/15/1992 5.92 5.92 1,812.60 5141 09/13/1930 10/22/1979 18.17 1.50 261.36 1744 09/12/1967 06/13/1988 9.50 9.50 2,027.28 3944 12/27/1970 10/26/1992 5.17 5.17 1,270.68 5001 05/17/1967 08/04/1986 11.33 11.33 2,480.04 9941 06/07/1935 12/01/1987 10.08 10.08 2,068.56 1033 01/10/1973 02/05/1996 1.83 1.83 870.84 2090 04/01/1967 02/19/1996 1.83 1.83 572.52 7265 10/17/1970 06/01/1993 4.58 4.58 2,058.00 8928 01/29/1969 02/20/1989 8.83 8.83 1,605.96 9530 02/13/1970 06/21/1995 2.50 2.50 501.72 0484 04/07/1972 07/25/1991 6.42 5.50 1,458.60 2434 07/06/1969 04/03/1989 8.67 8.67 1,708.80 4974 09/20/1971 05/01/1993 4.67 4.67 1,793.04 9846 11/26/1971 09/20/1996 1.25 1.25 276.60 6252 05/16/1975 06/30/1993 4.50 4.50 1,103.40 4223 07/09/1936 09/28/1994 3.25 3.25 716.04 5067 02/03/1933 01/19/1989 8.92 8.92 1,832.16 5849 04/03/1935 04/18/1988 9.67 9.00 4,090.32 7146 09/25/1974 11/04/1996 1.08 1.08 236.76 9397 06/24/1973 06/16/1993 4.50 4.50 1,049.28 2072 04/26/1937 02/09/1993 4.83 4.83 1,324.08 2753 03/25/1937 07/25/1989 8.42 8.42 2,008.68 4221 10/12/1937 05/11/1992 5.58 5.58 1,192.68 5161 05/05/1938 10/19/1997 0.17 0.17 82.32 0533 03/06/1976 04/25/1996 1.67 1.67 351.48 K-81 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 0838 11/22/1976 12/16/1996 1.00 1.00 199.92 5783 03/16/1977 07/24/1996 1.41 1.41 330.00 5810 05/19/1976 06/12/1995 2.50 2.50 535.68 6437 09/22/1971 08/30/1992 5.33 5.33 968.28 9826 03/10/1974 12/13/1992 5.00 5.00 1,202.64 0515 11/28/1940 03/03/1993 4.75 4.75 1,159.32 2058 04/26/1940 04/17/1989 8.67 8.67 1,874.40 4922 04/06/1939 07/24/1995 2.42 2.42 496.08 1742 09/30/1940 06/27/1988 9.50 9.00 2,090.40 8693 09/26/1944 02/22/1988 9.83 9.83 2,015.52 9487 01/17/1942 02/02/1994 3.83 3.83 949.92 9901 04/04/1944 04/17/1989 8.67 8.67 3,058.56 0271 03/13/1946 10/13/1987 10.17 10.17 1,891.44 0559 09/17/1943 03/08/1979 18.75 18.75 3,530.52 1661 08/26/1946 04/28/1975 29.08 29.08 3,879.60 8519 06/17/1945 08/06/1979 18.33 9.25 4,367.28 9205 05/28/1947 03/18/1990 7.75 7.50 1,426.20 9519 07/24/1945 11/11/1988 9.08 5.50 1,785.60 3009 02/28/1946 01/15/1979 18.92 18.92 3,183.24 7418 11/02/1946 03/01/1979 18.83 18.83 12,813.24 0083 10/09/1952 01/11/1989 8.92 8.92 2,527.56 9524 06/15/1947 02/07/1983 14.83 14.83 11,241.84 5520 02/14/1948 09/11/1996 1.25 1.25 273.12 6545 03/18/1948 07/10/1989 8.42 8.42 3,165.72 9609 09/16/1948 11/10/1995 2.08 2.08 420.12 5394 02/26/1950 02/19/1996 1.83 1.83 486.36 9643 01/24/1955 12/16/1996 1.00 1.00 210.36 5773 05/14/1954 06/05/1972 25.50 25.50 6,516.48 0366 06/03/1950 02/01/1993 4.83 2.75 568.68 0589 10/15/1948 05/09/1995 2.58 1.50 315.00 0662 03/06/1951 05/16/1993 4.58 4.58 1,752.48 0849 07/14/1943 08/28/1996 1.33 1.33 253.44 2329 05/11/1948 01/09/1995 2.92 2.92 720.36 9099 06/09/1950 10/02/1987 10.17 10.17 2,557.68 3763 06/24/1949 03/03/1986 11.75 8.08 8,579.64 7767 07/15/1950 08/15/1983 14.33 14.33 3,323.64 8401 08/27/1950 01/02/1979 13.92 13.92 3,465.60 8421 10/06/1949 08/06/1979 18.33 18.33 5,006.76 8513 05/19/1951 08/29/1994 3.33 3.33 733.56 8804 04/27/1954 06/10/1991 6.50 6.50 1,881.24 9077 07/28/1950 05/21/1979 18.58 18.58 4,611.36 5452 08/03/1951 08/26/1969 28.33 9.08 3,516.60 5334 01/04/1955 10/07/1993 4.17 4.17 926.52 

K-82 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 7728 06/29/1953 10/08/1990 7.17 7.17 2,728.56 9878 08/22/1956 11/24/1980 17.08 17.08 3,593.64 0548 07/06/1952 07/21/1988 9.42 9.00 2,342.28 2164 12/18/1953 11/15/1995 2.08 2.08 412.56 7984 06/13/1956 08/20/1992 5.33 5.33 1,315.68 3317 02/08/1956 04/11/1988 9.67 9.00 2,490.72 8490 05/19/1964 10/11/1982 15.17 15.17 2,678.88 1958 06/01/1958 09/18/1995 2.25 2.25 479.40 2967 05/02/1958 03/30/1981 16.75 16.75 3,729.36 3342 12/30/1956 02/12/1980 17.83 17.83 4,128.12 3422 01/27/1958 04/16/1984 13.67 13.67 3,407.52 3732 06/26/1958 02/07/1984 13.83 13.83 3,272.52 6431 05/03/1963 07/29/1985 12.42 12.42 3,005.16 7029 01/24/1959 09/04/1990 7.25 7.25 1,449.00 8512 04/17/1969 04/13/1992 5.67 5.67 2,699.40 1270 09/16/1958 04/01/1996 1.75 1.75 1,046.28 1713 09/04/1956 10/08/1991 6.17 6.17 2,733.12 1776 11/20/1969 11/28/1989 8.08 8.08 1,770.36 2159 12/05/1956 09/08/1992 5.25 5.25 1,176.48 2176 03/11/1960 08/13/1990 7.33 7.33 1,729.68 3898 09/11/1959 10/10/1988 9.17 9.00 2,248.92 8609 10/19/1959 09/09/1985 12.25 12.25 2,845.80 8624 04/18/1963 03/07/1988 9.75 9.75 2,495.64 8786 04/24/1968 06/16/1986 11.50 11.50 2,350.92 1475 04/13/1957 05/09/1988 9.58 9.58 1,914.72 3567 08/23/1958 11/22/1987 10.08 10.08 2,835.60 7222 08/11/1959 02/21/1983 14.83 14.83 2,851.68 0435 02/22/1972 04/19/1992 5.67 5.67 1,598.64 2033 01/29/1970 05/03/1990 7.58 7.58 1,717.56 0899 05/26/1964 07/20/1992 5.42 1.50 273.48 2930 11/23/1957 04/10/1989 6.92 6.92 1,355.04 3141 02/22/1960 10/06/1977 20.17 20.17 6,612.48 5371 07/11/1961 05/05/1995 2.58 2.58 2,123.28 5649 02/11/1967 06/23/1994 3.50 3.50 755.52 0901 08/29/1961 02/16/1996 1.83 1.83 449.04 7361 03/07/1973 02/06/1995 2.83 2.83 683.88 0938 11/19/1963 10/11/1996 1.17 1.17 246.00 1071 03/18/1974 11/14/1994 3.08 3.08 745.32 4102 12/17/1960 03/28/1989 8.75 8.75 2,568.12 8833 04/11/1964 08/31/1983 14.33 14.33 2,573.40 2741 08/20/1965 03/25/1994 3.75 3.75 836.04 9046 12/16/1969 09/06/1990 7.25 5.50 1,978.68 0186 03/12/1973 06/28/1991 6.50 6.50 1,472.40 K-83 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 0619 06/24/1960 04/09/1992 5.67 5.67 1,084.20 3161 01/05/1962 09/11/1995 2.25 2.25 550.80 3803 08/07/1964 05/30/1995 2.58 2.58 580.80 6853 01/01/1967 08/09/1993 4.33 4.33 1,266.24 7653 08/18/1961 05/08/1995 2.58 2.58 626.76 9686 08/21/1967 02/25/1992 5.83 5.83 2,822.40 5332 12/21/1965 12/02/1996 1.00 1.00 210.84 8355 12/08/1961 07/25/1995 2.33 0.67 169.92 0065 08/17/1962 05/13/1992 5.58 5.58 1,301.76 2742 10/30/1968 02/08/1988 9.83 9.83 2,229.24 4164 07/22/1964 02/01/1988 9.92 9.92 2,505.00 0348 11/03/1963 03/02/1987 10.75 10.75 2,808.84 6551 10/30/1963 07/12/1982 15.42 15.42 4,319.76 1455 05/01/1970 07/13/1992 5.42 5.42 2,634.00 6329 09/29/1967 08/25/1994 3.33 3.33 825.12 6471 07/11/1972 09/24/1996 1.25 1.25 247.68 9580 10/16/1968 11/11/1986 11.08 11.08 2,022.48 0041 09/01/1966 02/16/1993 4.83 4.83 1,512.72 0346 10/09/1964 04/15/1991 6.67 6.67 1,958.04 1662 04/09/1966 07/17/1996 1.42 1.42 475.80 3781 10/20/1965 09/19/1990 7.25 7.25 1,575.96 5218 03/18/1966 12/10/1989 8.00 8.00 2,146.56 6325 10/16/1965 04/27/1987 10.67 8.08 2,401.80 7840 09/07/1970 12/03/1992 5.00 5.00 1,163.28 9927 01/14/1965 11/05/1991 6.08 6.08 1,581.60 2959 12/26/1965 08/16/1993 4.33 4.33 1,248.48 3074 06/09/1948 05/25/1994 3.58 3.58 1,101.84 3846 03/17/1966 05/30/1995 2.58 2.58 542.28 6011 11/27/1965 01/03/1995 2.92 2.92 646.20 6520 02/26/1966 07/16/1991 6.42 5.50 1,385.52 8152 08/02/1968 12/16/1996 1.00 1.00 186.96 1672 03/11/1968 08/06/1985 12.33 12.33 2,860.32 4798 03/01/1976 11/09/1994 3.08 3.08 775.92 5506 04/14/1968 11/18/1996 1.08 1.08 206.28 8356 01/29/1968 07/24/1989 8.42 8.42 1,773.48 0565 12/06/1966 02/28/1990 7.83 7.50 2,501.40 2916 08/23/1971 01/15/1990 7.92 7.50 2,298.84 4983 06/03/1968 01/22/1987 10.92 8.08 2,723.16 5476 03/28/1967 12/07/1986 11.00 8.08 2,674.44 7851 11/11/1968 03/12/1991 6.75 5.50 1,846.92 0407 08/08/1967 08/30/1987 8.67 6.42 1,342.92 6323 03/15/1968 03/14/1988 9.75 9.75 2,059.44 6909 12/28/1972 06/02/1992 5.50 5.50 1,219.92 

K-84 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 7252 02/05/1973 02/01/1996 1.92 1.92 404.16 1849 03/11/1973 05/02/1994 3.58 3.58 796.44 2870 01/11/1971 12/16/1996 1.00 1.00 190.08 2929 06/15/1968 09/05/1989 8.25 8.25 1,832.40 7574 12/29/1967 01/03/1993 4.92 4.92 1,079.04 1915 04/10/1969 03/14/1989 8.75 8.75 1,647.24 3749 05/23/1973 05/27/1996 1.58 1.58 712.56 4221 05/06/1970 06/04/1991 6.50 5.50 1,388.40 5951 07/16/1972 05/12/1992 5.58 5.50 1,282.56 9345 09/14/1969 06/12/1990 7.50 7.50 1,530.24 0899 03/14/1970 11/10/1993 4.08 4.08 1,006.80 5982 01/14/1970 11/18/1988 9.08 9.00 2,646.36 6123 02/14/1970 12/02/1996 1.00 1.00 210.84 6769 03/17/1970 08/27/1991 6.33 5.50 1,431.72 0404 09/22/1934 09/25/1978 19.25 19.25 8,214.96 0959 12/25/1933 10/02/1978 19.17 19.17 6,073.32 1167 01/17/1971 04/06/1993 4.67 4.67 1,045.20 1913 03/24/1977 02/19/1996 1.83 1.83 407.04 2838 03/29/1970 07/20/1992 5.42 5.42 1,362.72 5048 08/28/1973 12/31/1991 6.00 5.50 1,343.40 3520 10/04/1970 03/29/1992 5.75 5.75 1,169.04 6745 04/10/1971 04/04/1990 7.67 7.67 1,527.72 5485 12/28/1939 06/13/1988 9.50 9.00 2,558.52 9089 11/09/1976 10/09/1995 2.17 2.17 507.60 1766 03/12/1941 04/04/1960 37.67 37.67 15,608.16 2159 02/02/1975 06/13/1993 4.50 4.50 981.36 0495 03/13/1941 09/08/1992 5.25 5.25 1,182.60 3935 12/15/1940 06/18/1984 13.50 13.50 4,755.12 4349 11/04/1938 09/17/1991 6.25 6.25 1,711.80 4439 08/15/1940 11/21/1988 9.08 9.08 2,561.76 2223 03/22/1942 01/30/1990 7.92 7.92 2,178.36 3054 09/29/1941 09/19/1988 9.25 9.25 2,251.68 3249 11/08/1940 01/02/1979 18.92 18.92 3,266.40 4119 01/04/1944 08/21/1996 1.33 1.33 400.08 9725 07/12/1943 08/27/1979 18.33 18.33 4,703.52 4110 07/02/1943 01/02/1979 18.92 18.92 4,213.80 4707 06/05/1942 08/29/1984 13.33 13.33 2,107.20 4943 10/03/1942 09/27/1993 4.25 4.25 1,060.32 4999 04/04/1942 01/26/1979 18.92 18.92 4,122.00 5471 04/08/1942 09/30/1996 1.25 1.25 279.24 9575 02/02/1943 07/26/1967 30.42 30.42 5,126.40 5961 04/21/1944 05/23/1988 9.58 9.00 2,254.92 6377 06/02/1944 03/05/1990 7.75 7.75 1,722.72 K-85 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 7182 11/23/1943 06/27/1988 9.50 9.00 2,206.92 9451 12/01/1941 05/16/1988 9.58 9.00 2,621.64 7654 09/09/1945 11/01/1989 8.17 8.17 4,259.04 4732 08/06/1946 07/29/1968 29.42 8.08 4,936.56 4969 09/12/1947 10/20/1975 20.42 14.25 2,724.96 6419 01/23/1946 08/17/1981 16.33 16.33 2,840.76 7862 03/07/1946 07/25/1988 9.42 9.42 2,717.52 1561 07/23/1952 08/30/1982 15.33 15.33 8,228.04 2882 03/27/1947 11/27/1978 19.08 19.08 8,606.76 3364 02/21/1949 09/21/1978 19.25 19.25 3,538.32 3550 07/31/1948 08/22/1993 4.33 4.33 1,022.64 3705 09/25/1962 05/26/1981 16.58 16.58 5,305.20 3825 06/30/1948 03/11/1985 12.75 12.75 2,736.84 6435 11/01/1950 07/26/1989 8.42 8.42 1,815.36 6762 10/17/1951 05/03/1989 7.08 7.08 2,173.80 7091 01/18/1952 03/06/1990 7.75 7.75 2,854.32 8439 07/19/1964 11/14/1988 9.08 9.08 2,776.80 1376 01/13/1951 09/17/1969 28.25 28.25 7,939.44 1890 07/12/1953 12/10/1990 7.00 7.00 2,583.48 3158 11/30/1950 06/03/1968 29.50 8.08 12,823.92 3614 07/07/1950 09/13/1990 7.25 7.25 1,771.92 3874 03/02/1952 04/19/1988 9.67 5.50 1,492.20 4316 09/13/1950 09/11/1986 11.25 8.08 2,924.88 7447 08/11/1949 02/01/1988 9.92 5.50 1,843.56 4853 12/29/1950 09/13/1992 5.25 5.25 1,311.00 7918 07/31/1951 04/30/1985 12.67 12.67 3,216.48 7682 10/01/1950 09/04/1989 8.25 7.50 2,461.44 8782 06/10/1952 05/07/1992 5.58 5.58 1,280.28 9395 11/19/1951 09/04/1986 11.25 8.08 2,069.64 2310 11/08/1953 10/05/1992 5.17 5.17 2,897.40 6312 10/26/1952 12/14/1978 19.00 19.00 4,221.96 9355 07/03/1960 11/21/1988 9.08 9.08 2,447.28 9888 09/23/1949 05/18/1987 10.58 10.58 2,262.24 0107 12/18/1955 11/02/1986 11.17 8.08 2,176.68 0162 10/16/1953 01/11/1993 4.92 4.92 1,450.32 1882 06/08/1954 03/19/1989 8.75 8.08 2,100.24 2011 03/20/1954 06/24/1987 10.50 10.50 2,473.92 6281 07/11/1956 09/12/1983 14.25 14.25 8,756.16 6907 08/25/1956 05/02/1988 9.67 9.00 2,340.36 3420 06/22/1955 05/12/1982 11.50 11.50 1,744.44 4167 05/25/1952 06/19/1995 2.50 2.50 642.84 4831 11/08/1953 05/10/1993 4.58 4.58 1,414.20 8019 10/04/1953 04/17/1990 7.67 1.50 344.40 

K-86 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 8432 01/20/1955 08/21/1996 1.33 1.33 353.28 9744 09/03/1955 05/09/1995 2.58 1.50 299.04 9766 02/16/1953 05/31/1988 9.58 9.58 2,087.16 1892 09/16/1955 05/04/1990 7.58 1.50 330.24 2396 05/12/1951 10/11/1988 9.17 1.50 229.32 2490 04/24/1955 08/04/1995 2.33 1.50 338.64 2928 05/09/1961 05/27/1980 17.58 1.50 612.60 3450 04/01/1959 10/18/1989 8.17 1.50 280.80 4540 12/24/1964 08/23/1993 4.33 4.33 1,480.56 6336 12/11/1958 04/05/1988 9.67 1.50 306.36 6521 03/19/1959 01/29/1979 18.92 4.50 3,630.60 6656 05/06/1955 07/25/1995 2.42 1.50 313.80 6801 02/02/1956 02/18/1980 17.83 1.50 667.56 7190 07/23/1958 05/04/1990 7.58 1.50 567.48 8316 03/24/1958 06/15/1992 5.50 1.50 337.56 8630 02/05/1968 11/21/1994 3.08 3.08 759.84 9937 04/04/1959 02/15/1994 3.83 1.50 288.96 1904 11/11/1961 03/14/1994 3.75 1.50 443.28 2447 11/28/1959 05/01/1989 8.67 1.50 362.04 3310 10/16/1957 06/05/1995 2.50 2.50 647.52 4257 01/10/1963 01/10/1994 3.92 3.92 1,033.80 6423 02/03/1965 02/13/1995 2.83 2.83 746.04 8957 06/30/1971 08/08/1994 0.92 0.92 199.44 9272 03/08/1959 08/10/1992 5.33 1.50 297.12 2260 03/27/1961 02/21/1994 3.83 3.83 1,045.20 0637 05/17/1960 07/21/1986 11.42 1.50 320.52 4657 04/12/1965 07/03/1995 2.42 2.42 584.76 7394 04/13/1960 09/06/1994 3.25 3.25 831.24 5863 07/25/1974 03/30/1994 3.75 3.75 1,111.56 6216 12/07/1973 08/19/1996 1.33 1.33 343.20 7583 07/09/1967 10/14/1996 1.17 1.17 281.76 7672 07/14/1974 07/09/1996 1.42 1.42 364.68 4968 12/22/1963 06/05/1992 5.50 1.50 233.04 7939 01/03/1960 12/01/1992 5.08 1.50 380.16 3049 05/02/1962 06/05/1995 2.50 2.50 602.04 6251 07/31/1961 07/29/1996 1.42 1.42 364.68 9601 05/08/1975 12/16/1996 1.00 1.00 210.60 0245 10/09/1965 01/20/1992 6.00 1.58 438.24 7515 12/04/1963 08/15/1994 3.33 3.33 880.68 1220 10/27/1962 08/07/1992 5.33 1.50 311.52 4962 06/30/1967 10/17/1989 8.17 8.17 1,603.08 5072 08/05/1965 08/01/1989 8.42 8.42 1,746.84 1973 12/01/1970 03/13/1995 2.75 2.75 703.68 K-87 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 7415 03/14/1971 01/04/1993 4.92 0.58 133.44 8829 08/09/1962 05/02/1988 9.58 9.58 2,461.32 6624 07/24/1962 10/25/1996 1.17 1.17 258.36 8894 12/12/1966 11/08/1993 4.08 4.08 1,450.80 6078 06/26/1964 02/27/1989 8.83 1.50 304.92 8620 08/21/1971 01/03/1995 2.92 2.92 781.68 2075 02/22/1966 11/17/1994 3.08 1.50 278.52 1386 09/11/1963 08/05/1991 6.33 1.50 392.64 0003 03/23/1970 07/26/1995 2.42 1.50 374.16 3642 10/06/1964 10/05/1994 3.17 3.17 607.80 4410 03/19/1970 10/18/1993 4.17 1.50 292.44 5913 10/02/1964 11/01/1994 3.17 3.17 1,321.80 7148 12/15/1964 09/09/1996 1.25 1.25 290.52 7547 05/01/1969 01/29/1992 5.92 1.50 309.60 4008 09/04/1969 03/27/1995 2.75 2.75 649.92 4442 02/08/1967 04/24/1995 2.67 1.50 244.56 8067 02/04/1969 05/27/1992 5.58 1.50 510.00 8475 11/13/1968 04/14/1992 5.67 1.50 410.28 2325 01/16/1966 11/29/1994 3.08 1.50 323.40 3532 05/15/1934 08/31/1981 16.33 1.50 305.16 1608 04/13/1966 09/18/1991 6.25 1.50 279.36 2955 07/13/1975 09/25/1995 2.25 2.25 483.72 0916 06/03/1976 09/06/1994 3.25 3.25 812.64 1211 07/02/1968 10/07/1996 1.17 1.17 261.72 4853 12/15/1968 08/20/1990 7.33 1.50 497.52 5258 06/08/1970 01/02/1996 1.92 1.92 488.40 3043 11/08/1969 12/13/1993 4.00 4.00 1,078.20 4230 12/10/1968 05/03/1993 4.58 4.58 2,265.12 7759 10/20/1940 04/05/1979 18.67 1.50 306.72 4698 12/20/1976 07/08/1996 1.42 1.42 298.32 4496 04/27/1972 06/05/1995 2.50 2.50 568.92 8187 04/08/1971 10/07/1996 1.17 1.17 377.88 9958 06/11/1977 12/16/1996 1.00 1.00 269.16 7067 05/04/1940 04/05/1995 2.67 1.50 275.04 9317 08/29/1970 03/14/1994 3.75 3.75 907.56 8924 04/22/1943 10/07/1996 1.17 1.17 268.44 9198 05/01/1945 05/17/1993 4.58 4.58 1,220.52 5262 03/07/1972 07/08/1996 1.42 1.42 329.28 7415 11/12/1970 10/01/1993 4.25 1.50 588.72 1402 10/12/1942 01/14/1987 10.92 8.08 1,948.32 5009 10/17/1974 07/03/1995 2.42 2.42 634.68 4937 05/21/1944 11/28/1994 3.08 3.08 740.88 9326 03/01/1946 11/11/1996 1.08 1.08 228.12 

K-88 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 3697 10/21/1946 10/05/1992 5.17 1.50 308.64 7106 02/19/1947 03/28/1994 3.75 3.75 1,301.76 3910 04/12/1949 05/07/1984 13.58 1.50 332.04 0380 08/29/1950 04/21/1988 9.67 1.50 322.20 6697 10/16/1951 10/12/1995 2.17 1.50 321.36 0125 10/31/1953 03/14/1979 18.75 1.50 693.48 0189 06/28/1952 09/27/1993 4.25 4.25 1,486.44 0210 08/21/1942 02/12/1979 18.83 1.50 341.88 1690 02/15/1951 04/08/1991 6.67 1.50 324.24 1727 08/01/1956 03/16/1981 16.75 1.50 346.44 3394 03/18/1953 01/13/1992 5.92 1.50 250.68 3711 03/11/1950 09/15/1986 11.25 1.50 425.28 6206 05/06/1951 05/22/1979 18.58 1.50 393.84 6221 06/13/1952 08/30/1993 4.33 1.50 433.44 6533 03/01/1954 02/21/1990 7.83 1.50 315.96 9010 12/09/1949 05/24/1993 4.58 4.58 1,686.60 9299 03/20/1950 04/04/1994 3.67 3.67 982.56 9400 09/19/1952 06/02/1993 4.50 4.50 1,137.24 9530 01/18/1951 02/21/1994 3.83 3.83 1,033.68 2935 01/07/1957 02/13/1995 2.83 1.50 562.08 3985 05/24/1954 03/29/1988 9.75 9.75 3,935.40 4063 11/08/1952 04/02/1979 18.75 1.50 378.24 4678 08/20/1951 08/15/1979 18.33 1.50 307.68 8397 02/26/1957 01/11/1993 4.92 4.92 2,239.44 8416 08/07/1952 11/11/1996 1.08 1.08 228.12 9110 05/16/1970 06/03/1996 1.50 1.50 315.96 0685 04/12/1962 08/10/1981 16.42 1.58 407.28 2247 04/29/1956 01/17/1989 8.92 1.50 546.84 0855 10/09/1959 01/31/1994 3.92 3.92 1,083.60 0739 10/05/1959 06/05/1995 2.50 2.50 541.68 1725 08/12/1968 10/24/1994 3.17 3.17 805.80 2388 07/27/1964 07/30/1984 13.42 4.50 2,967.36 4268 12/12/1958 08/13/1990 7.33 7.33 1,939.20 5292 08/31/1962 06/07/1983 14.50 1.50 580.44 8746 08/09/1958 11/07/1994 3.08 3.08 825.36 0542 10/14/1969 05/15/1995 2.58 1.50 362.04 5191 05/03/1971 11/11/1996 1.08 1.08 228.12 6075 06/16/1973 10/12/1995 2.17 1.50 256.08 6160 01/20/1962 08/05/1996 1.33 1.33 294.72 0706 10/14/1969 07/31/1995 2.42 2.42 486.12 4969 12/08/1957 08/24/1992 5.33 1.50 232.44 3317 05/06/1964 06/12/1989 8.50 1.50 473.28 7459 11/15/1955 09/09/1996 1.25 1.25 290.52 K-89 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 8989 02/08/1964 10/24/1994 3.17 3.17 777.12 9839 04/16/1969 08/22/1994 3.33 3.33 789.36 1042 05/08/1959 07/11/1994 3.42 3.42 915.24 3852 03/02/1962 04/20/1993 4.67 1.50 357.24 4998 12/30/1961 10/05/1994 3.17 3.17 873.96 5500 02/09/1961 09/01/1995 2.33 2.33 1,060.68 9941 09/17/1962 05/22/1995 2.58 2.58 702.24 0451 05/17/1960 05/24/1993 4.58 4.58 1,513.32 1427 07/25/1964 05/15/1995 2.58 1.50 305.64 1836 11/20/1966 05/20/1996 1.58 1.58 412.56 3979 01/19/1964 06/19/1995 2.50 2.50 569.16 5257 05/14/1966 05/03/1995 2.67 1.58 233.76 7564 09/22/1959 08/01/1992 5.42 1.50 335.28 9454 11/02/1972 11/04/1996 1.08 1.08 261.72 9820 03/22/1961 10/27/1987 10.17 1.50 316.56 1837 07/13/1970 05/22/1995 2.58 2.58 664.20 5096 12/24/1961 05/16/1990 7.58 7.58 1,933.80 5493 12/25/1963 08/31/1993 4.33 1.50 300.60 1708 07/29/1961 12/29/1986 11.00 1.50 351.60 4982 12/01/1976 07/03/1995 2.42 2.42 654.24 5765 10/31/1966 06/18/1993 4.50 4.50 1,300.44 7758 12/22/1964 09/27/1993 4.25 4.25 1,257.84 9026 03/19/1965 04/27/1992 5.67 1.50 407.16 0343 12/31/1961 10/24/1990 7.17 1.50 229.80 0407 08/09/1965 12/16/1996 1.00 1.00 210.60 2967 05/20/1972 09/27/1993 4.25 4.25 1,103.16 4449 07/01/1968 05/15/1995 2.58 1.50 269.76 7373 04/19/1965 08/13/1990 7.33 7.33 1,572.84 2886 01/26/1964 03/07/1994 3.75 3.75 1,426.44 9229 05/15/1965 07/12/1993 4.42 4.42 1,314.96 9428 06/24/1965 08/12/1988 9.33 1.50 375.48 5242 10/04/1961 03/11/1996 1.75 1.75 450.48 8916 12/19/1970 08/23/1993 4.33 4.33 1,083.12 0155 06/16/1965 11/28/1994 3.08 3.08 852.00 7717 12/18/1967 12/16/1996 1.00 1.00 232.44 8548 09/08/1964 07/12/1993 4.42 4.42 1,268.04 5337 07/04/1966 08/19/1996 1.33 1.33 469.68 5617 07/16/1968 10/25/1993 4.17 4.17 1,223.52 9720 07/18/1964 12/16/1996 1.00 1.00 232.44 9727 10/22/1964 12/13/1993 4.00 4.00 1,090.08 0639 03/10/1967 05/29/1989 8.58 1.50 395.52 2801 03/22/1968 04/04/1994 3.67 3.67 974.88 5404 06/14/1965 07/03/1995 2.42 2.42 507.48 

K-90 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 6053 08/20/1937 11/20/1977 28.83 28.83 5,799.48 3167 12/27/1974 12/16/1996 1.00 1.00 210.60 0395 08/10/1968 07/12/1993 4.42 4.42 1,108.80 1741 04/13/1968 03/13/1995 2.75 2.75 660.12 4007 03/05/1969 02/19/1996 1.83 1.83 143.04 0242 05/07/1966 04/23/1990 7.67 1.50 304.44 1768 12/05/1971 02/21/1994 3.83 3.83 1,125.72 6736 08/11/1971 08/19/1996 1.33 1.33 384.84 4950 08/16/1936 12/05/1983 14.00 1.50 434.16 1560 10/05/1937 06/29/1989 8.50 1.50 571.20 0182 07/22/1972 01/23/1995 2.92 2.92 765.96 2120 05/11/1968 05/11/1992 5.58 4.50 1,044.24 4903 09/10/1969 10/13/1987 10.17 1.50 325.92 6108 04/19/1975 06/19/1995 2.50 2.50 660.12 6757 10/05/1966 05/08/1995 2.58 1.50 307.92 7143 10/24/1968 08/08/1988 9.33 1.50 323.16 8333 07/10/1937 02/11/1974 23.83 23.83 19,901.64 5588 09/02/1972 11/28/1994 3.08 3.08 757.20 3180 04/24/1968 10/25/1995 2.17 1.50 256.68 3254 07/11/1971 12/16/1996 1.00 1.00 232.44 4354 02/17/1969 11/14/1994 3.08 3.08 722.40 6316 07/16/1970 02/13/1989 8.83 1.50 335.04 3811 09/21/1968 07/29/1996 1.42 1.42 364.68 8819 11/09/1969 11/21/1988 9.08 1.50 333.36 0170 07/10/1940 04/19/1993 4.67 4.67 1,322.16 1926 08/01/1941 07/29/1980 15.67 6.33 2,452.20 1175 10/14/1971 06/01/1993 4.58 1.50 286.44 2771 08/16/1969 03/13/1995 2.75 2.75 780.84 3948 10/02/1938 02/01/1968 21.17 20.00 12,836.28 4158 06/01/1970 10/24/1994 3.17 3.17 781.56 7476 02/25/1971 05/16/1991 6.58 1.50 399.60 5097 08/25/1943 01/04/1993 4.92 4.92 1,587.24 6918 06/07/1941 01/29/1979 18.92 1.50 316.68 7120 02/11/1972 07/31/1995 2.42 2.42 609.72 5933 05/09/1947 06/10/1981 16.50 1.50 294.60 5960 10/31/1946 01/31/1994 3.92 3.92 1,064.28 6166 10/16/1947 08/19/1987 10.33 1.50 312.36 6828 09/20/1943 03/12/1990 7.75 1.50 362.40 7360 05/12/1945 04/12/1993 4.67 1.50 276.72 5358 09/28/1947 07/20/1992 5.42 4.50 1,063.56 6387 08/06/1947 07/08/1994 3.42 3.42 945.96 6639 11/19/1946 01/02/1979 19.00 1.50 313.56 0096 03/21/1948 05/08/1989 8.58 1.50 441.00 K-91 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 0422 12/06/1947 01/02/1996 1.92 1.92 392.64 1628 06/13/1947 06/23/1980 17.50 1.50 401.16 1642 04/11/1948 08/31/1988 9.33 4.50 1,664.04 2019 06/09/1947 10/27/1993 4.17 1.50 336.72 2466 04/29/1946 11/04/1988 9.08 1.50 334.56 2711 02/18/1953 10/22/1986 11.17 8.08 2,552.88 5806 04/06/1950 10/25/1993 4.17 4.17 1,060.32 8219 01/12/1945 01/02/1979 19.00 1.50 388.08 8014 09/19/1958 08/08/1979 18.33 1.50 297.60 8813 05/31/1954 07/04/1996 1.42 1.42 1,097.88 8880 12/31/1947 05/18/1992 5.58 4.50 2,323.32 0179 03/01/1950 04/10/1979 18.67 1.50 293.64 0896 02/09/1949 06/01/1984 13.58 1.50 269.76 1252 01/17/1952 04/28/1980 17.67 1.50 357.60 5848 12/09/1947 01/09/1990 7.92 7.92 2,181.96 6744 01/07/1951 01/29/1979 18.92 4.50 1,245.84 5204 11/09/1962 03/01/1993 4.83 4.83 1,619.64 0248 10/28/1950 04/16/1984 13.67 1.50 320.52 2796 03/28/1965 11/08/1993 4.08 4.08 1,356.96 5840 02/08/1956 10/06/1980 17.17 8.08 3,396.96 6874 11/14/1955 07/03/1995 2.42 1.50 357.36 8300 11/25/1957 06/08/1992 5.50 1.50 430.20 8527 11/20/1964 06/27/1983 12.33 12.33 3,274.56 5121 10/31/1954 02/21/1994 3.83 3.83 972.48 6632 01/08/1956 10/14/1996 1.17 1.17 281.76 5029 08/15/1957 07/07/1992 5.42 1.50 342.96 5743 07/14/1957 10/13/1997 0.17 0.17 40.32 6930 11/15/1956 12/17/1980 17.00 1.50 280.20 0509 11/21/1957 11/14/1994 3.08 3.08 737.88 0932 07/17/1955 11/20/1995 2.08 2.08 435.72 1026 08/28/1957 02/06/1995 2.83 2.83 739.92 2201 11/07/1957 10/25/1993 4.17 4.17 2,086.20 0600 04/15/1958 04/03/1995 2.67 2.67 621.60 1540 07/13/1958 03/06/1995 2.75 1.50 544.80 8247 02/04/1957 12/16/1985 12.00 1.50 321.72 4768 09/14/1965 06/05/1995 1.17 1.17 260.40 2386 04/20/1964 11/02/1993 4.17 1.50 425.52 4162 07/07/1971 05/10/1993 4.58 4.58 1,221.72 9439 02/02/1959 11/07/1994 3.08 3.08 795.48 1492 01/01/1965 11/28/1994 3.08 3.08 795.72 1701 08/19/1965 10/31/1994 3.17 3.17 2,304.84 0585 05/25/1974 01/03/1995 2.92 2.92 721.32 5327 04/30/1963 09/25/1995 2.25 2.25 480.60 

K-92 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 1868 07/30/1968 09/30/1996 1.25 1.25 262.92 4324 03/07/1972 10/10/1991 6.17 1.50 464.40 4741 05/08/1966 04/24/1995 2.75 1.58 200.64 7098 08/20/1961 09/24/1991 6.25 6.25 1,390.08 7079 01/30/1961 01/27/1988 9.92 1.50 382.56 7594 05/05/1959 09/29/1986 11.25 1.50 327.60 7997 08/25/1963 10/24/1985 12.17 1.50 334.68 7118 08/29/1964 07/01/1994 3.50 3.50 1,674.72 9137 03/02/1963 07/22/1996 1.42 1.42 297.96 3019 08/02/1969 02/06/1995 2.83 2.83 552.00 4178 03/30/1973 09/06/1994 3.25 3.25 905.76 1742 05/30/1963 12/07/1992 5.00 1.50 330.00 2871 09/11/1962 06/19/1995 2.50 2.50 652.92 7085 07/25/1968 10/24/1994 3.17 3.17 777.00 9649 10/10/1971 04/29/1996 1.67 1.67 364.08 0868 05/17/1964 07/26/1993 4.42 4.42 2,926.80 2648 06/30/1961 09/16/1991 6.25 1.50 493.44 9464 01/26/1963 02/07/1994 3.83 3.83 1,046.28 5122 12/07/1964 12/21/1994 3.00 3.00 1,991.40 4672 01/02/1964 01/08/1992 5.92 1.50 341.16 4841 09/09/1963 04/19/1993 4.67 4.67 1,119.96 0391 01/06/1971 10/14/1996 1.17 1.17 300.36 2855 02/17/1966 12/08/1991 6.00 1.50 297.36 5843 12/05/1966 04/17/1995 2.67 1.50 302.76 2415 10/29/1966 11/04/1991 6.08 1.50 206.76 6118 04/21/1972 11/20/1995 2.08 2.08 440.04 9458 08/27/1971 08/10/1992 5.33 1.50 404.76 1070 07/24/1966 10/24/1994 3.17 3.17 690.72 1670 11/29/1967 11/11/1996 1.08 1.08 228.12 3094 06/21/1967 11/11/1996 1.08 1.08 251.76 5819 06/15/1970 08/19/1996 1.33 1.33 343.20 9374 08/04/1970 11/11/1996 1.08 1.08 228.12 0481 03/28/1937 05/02/1988 9.58 9.58 3,266.16 3621 03/14/1969 05/23/1994 3.58 3.58 1,007.52 5574 08/12/1969 03/15/1996 1.75 1.75 414.48 8220 06/15/1969 03/25/1991 6.75 1.50 309.12 3899 10/22/1937 10/03/1983 14.17 1.50 483.84 6446 05/10/1968 11/14/1994 3.08 3.08 748.20 6468 03/21/1939 02/07/1994 3.83 3.83 1,016.04 4076 01/24/1969 09/27/1988 9.25 1.50 352.80 8538 07/31/1974 10/31/1994 3.17 3.17 699.60 1925 09/16/1941 12/09/1996 1.00 1.00 352.32 6001 07/31/1943 11/06/1995 2.08 2.08 449.40 K-93 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 3486 06/24/1977 11/11/1996 1.08 1.08 228.12 8413 06/24/1974 08/31/1993 4.33 1.50 302.88 9802 10/07/1942 08/15/1979 18.33 1.50 412.80 9500 06/23/1971 05/04/1994 3.58 3.58 857.52 4439 05/01/1943 11/15/1989 2.50 2.50 497.64 9008 04/07/1944 07/26/1993 4.42 4.42 1,392.48 1322 11/28/1946 04/12/1979 18.67 1.50 278.52 1494 07/21/1949 07/07/1992 5.42 1.50 379.20 7867 06/05/1946 04/02/1979 18.75 1.50 246.72 7977 03/17/1947 04/17/1989 8.67 1.50 396.12 8123 10/11/1949 08/06/1979 18.33 1.50 276.84 8233 07/19/1946 11/25/1986 11.08 1.50 463.08 9006 08/23/1947 01/05/1987 10.92 4.50 1,111.56 9256 08/03/1947 06/21/1988 9.50 9.50 2,243.28 9381 05/14/1949 01/29/1996 1.92 1.92 378.72 9863 08/17/1947 10/11/1993 4.17 1.50 292.44 4578 05/07/1963 03/15/1993 4.75 4.75 2,044.92 9626 09/21/1945 09/22/1981 16.25 4.50 1,338.00 9936 08/02/1949 06/10/1991 6.50 4.50 2,862.48 6054 07/29/1947 12/13/1993 4.00 4.00 1,297.44 0132 01/28/1949 06/19/1995 2.50 2.50 699.60 3754 02/07/1949 03/04/1996 1.75 1.75 387.24 6767 04/20/1949 12/11/1989 8.00 8.00 5,267.40 4748 10/13/1950 01/10/1994 3.92 3.92 1,425.72 5713 08/26/1950 03/19/1980 17.75 1.50 315.12 5722 03/30/1952 11/07/1985 12.08 1.50 380.52 5753 05/31/1954 10/25/1991 6.17 1.50 405.60 6831 03/07/1950 05/21/1984 13.58 1.50 410.88 7159 07/07/1964 01/17/1987 10.92 1.50 573.36 7795 11/01/1954 11/11/1996 1.08 1.08 278.88 9483 05/06/1952 09/27/1993 4.25 4.25 1,121.64 9032 01/25/1951 10/25/1993 4.17 4.17 1,014.84 2708 09/14/1957 03/11/1996 1.75 1.75 616.56 3785 09/09/1946 03/13/1995 2.75 2.75 598.80 3887 06/01/1951 04/19/1993 4.67 4.67 2,286.72 4806 01/13/1949 01/10/1994 3.92 3.92 1,067.28 0355 12/07/1951 02/17/1986 11.83 11.83 6,372.72 6461 02/24/1952 11/14/1994 3.08 3.08 726.48 6534 11/19/1951 04/19/1993 4.67 4.67 1,221.84 7724 03/27/1952 03/19/1990 7.75 1.50 331.32 7760 03/14/1962 09/19/1988 9.25 9.25 2,498.52 7513 04/06/1953 12/16/1996 1.00 1.00 210.60 7772 04/14/1960 09/27/1993 4.25 4.25 1,251.36 

K-94 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 9210 03/09/1957 10/14/1996 1.17 1.17 300.36 9447 07/08/1956 03/07/1994 3.75 3.75 995.04 9597 09/05/1955 11/28/1994 3.08 3.08 772.68 8120 02/22/1958 08/04/1993 4.33 4.33 4,448.04 9012 04/02/1954 11/28/1994 3.08 3.08 818.64 6222 01/29/1957 09/27/1993 4.25 4.25 1,187.28 7776 06/24/1958 09/05/1995 2.25 1.50 271.20 8352 12/28/1955 02/20/1995 2.83 2.83 687.12 8785 05/09/1969 04/26/1988 9.67 1.50 311.40 8969 02/07/1957 03/13/1995 2.75 2.75 702.36 9878 07/10/1958 09/04/1990 7.25 1.50 376.56 5075 08/22/1956 09/16/1996 1.25 1.25 440.40 5148 05/12/1959 05/10/1993 4.58 4.58 1,208.16 5445 10/23/1957 01/04/1993 4.92 4.92 1,453.92 0774 11/07/1966 03/14/1994 3.75 3.75 964.08 1848 03/09/1965 10/23/1995 2.17 1.50 316.68 2194 12/16/1955 06/17/1996 1.50 1.50 331.92 0665 09/09/1971 06/01/1993 4.58 4.58 2,120.88 4490 11/15/1957 05/07/1981 16.58 1.50 304.68 5732 08/10/1958 02/21/1994 3.83 3.83 1,022.76 0686 08/08/1965 03/29/1995 2.75 1.50 336.36 1196 05/21/1958 04/05/1993 4.67 4.67 1,847.28 1812 07/01/1967 09/27/1993 4.25 4.25 1,109.52 3522 07/08/1957 10/19/1987 10.17 1.50 435.00 9161 11/02/1961 10/25/1993 4.17 4.17 1,000.44 2345 03/14/1969 03/31/1993 4.75 4.75 1,257.00 6836 07/09/1969 07/08/1996 1.42 1.42 298.32 0230 01/27/1973 10/14/1996 1.17 1.17 281.76 3632 10/28/1963 02/13/1995 2.83 2.83 737.52 4790 06/05/1958 10/29/1991 6.17 1.50 255.72 0526 04/11/1964 01/04/1993 4.92 4.92 1,318.68 1262 12/10/1967 10/25/1993 4.17 4.17 1,030.80 5201 05/03/1972 11/07/1994 3.08 3.08 806.40 6865 08/14/1958 08/02/1993 4.33 4.33 1,493.16 6955 09/18/1970 04/06/1992 5.67 5.67 2,826.24 5344 09/09/1970 03/13/1995 2.75 2.75 743.76 6471 06/25/1974 10/19/1992 5.17 5.17 1,238.88 8503 12/23/1968 05/29/1989 8.58 8.58 1,771.92 3667 03/07/1968 12/20/1988 7.58 7.58 2,239.32 4527 06/09/1967 06/19/1995 2.50 2.50 706.68 9016 12/29/1961 07/08/1996 1.42 1.42 329.28 9131 03/14/1960 10/24/1994 3.17 3.17 724.80 9481 09/14/1962 12/01/1980 17.00 2.42 864.00 K-95 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 6053 05/06/1963 03/08/1993 4.75 4.75 2,216.04 7030 02/08/1971 01/04/1995 2.92 2.92 703.80 8845 07/25/1959 03/14/1994 3.75 3.75 1,035.72 0006 01/04/1967 12/09/1985 12.00 1.50 439.80 7085 06/01/1968 01/03/1995 2.92 2.92 747.24 0092 05/19/1962 06/22/1992 5.50 1.50 705.12 0238 11/04/1965 05/08/1989 8.58 1.50 295.68 0647 04/10/1967 02/15/1993 4.83 4.83 2,268.00 4349 01/28/1977 08/05/1996 1.33 1.33 253.08 6798 08/25/1964 05/10/1993 4.58 4.58 1,362.84 3031 09/21/1965 10/10/1988 9.17 1.50 521.40 3872 05/01/1950 09/04/1995 2.25 2.25 1,104.60 4952 03/17/1968 10/05/1994 3.17 3.17 871.20 7984 01/13/1968 07/08/1996 1.42 1.42 329.28 2955 10/29/1965 04/19/1993 4.67 4.67 1,218.84 7294 11/21/1975 11/20/1995 2.08 2.08 450.48 9461 12/07/1962 11/14/1994 3.08 3.08 699.60 8906 11/03/1969 10/09/1995 2.17 1.50 323.88 9490 08/22/1964 07/11/1994 3.42 3.42 964.08 9961 01/20/1975 07/31/1995 2.42 2.42 625.56 0553 03/28/1969 02/21/1994 3.83 3.83 1,057.32 7105 11/05/1972 11/20/1995 2.08 2.08 474.48 7688 11/24/1965 02/19/1996 1.83 1.83 471.96 8073 07/12/1970 06/27/1990 7.50 1.50 240.00 7553 07/28/1972 11/11/1996 1.08 1.08 251.76 0916 03/12/1969 11/19/1996 1.08 1.08 261.72 7873 05/14/1966 10/24/1994 3.17 3.17 785.28 9616 09/28/1967 07/26/1989 8.42 8.42 3,610.20 6156 10/14/1937 02/20/1989 8.83 4.50 1,847.16 6844 09/25/1939 05/04/1981 16.58 4.50 2,441.40 4199 01/06/1971 09/14/1992 5.25 1.50 471.36 4401 10/30/1971 05/01/1995 2.67 1.50 263.16 7424 04/17/1971 11/28/1994 3.08 3.08 857.52 4312 07/07/1970 01/13/1992 5.92 1.50 299.88 0239 10/10/1936 10/06/1980 17.17 1.50 358.20 6106 04/03/1967 09/25/1995 2.25 2.25 509.04 2270 05/15/1971 11/14/1994 3.08 3.08 709.68 0353 07/26/1940 08/06/1984 13.33 1.50 451.56 2484 05/03/1941 02/08/1988 9.83 9.83 2,085.24 8750 07/30/1942 04/12/1979 18.67 1.50 307.44 0023 06/03/1941 03/26/1984 13.75 1.50 278.52 1231 09/03/1942 11/06/1989 8.08 1.50 400.80 2236 10/23/1942 08/07/1989 8.33 1.50 374.64 

K-96 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 2491 09/27/1943 03/12/1984 13.75 1.50 299.04 2769 01/30/1943 03/14/1978 19.75 19.75 13,080.12 3617 11/10/1976 12/11/1995 2.00 2.00 428.52 1620 11/26/1944 10/25/1979 18.17 1.50 258.00 9649 01/05/1949 02/29/1988 9.83 1.50 275.52 3329 05/12/1958 01/04/1993 4.92 4.92 2,369.88 7599 11/02/1960 10/25/1993 4.17 4.17 1,485.60 1180 01/25/1948 01/11/1993 4.92 4.92 1,469.16 8718 10/01/1953 05/01/1995 2.67 2.67 686.16 9527 06/28/1950 02/06/1995 2.83 2.83 675.00 9467 10/24/1951 09/25/1995 2.25 2.25 481.08 6366 12/09/1950 11/14/1994 3.08 3.08 792.72 7348 12/23/1955 11/23/1992 5.08 5.08 4,293.72 9031 06/02/1952 10/15/1987 10.17 1.50 364.92 3198 08/23/1953 03/28/1994 3.75 3.75 1,444.44 8909 02/01/1953 09/12/1994 3.25 3.25 1,578.24 9167 10/20/1951 10/14/1993 4.17 1.50 320.04 3487 04/07/1953 02/08/1990 7.83 7.83 2,109.96 5354 01/28/1955 03/03/1980 17.75 4.50 2,828.52 8676 03/21/1964 10/31/1994 3.17 3.17 766.44 8894 08/03/1955 07/08/1996 1.42 1.42 298.32 6025 08/29/1959 06/19/1995 2.50 2.50 654.48 7086 12/28/1956 10/11/1993 4.17 4.17 1,127.76 8522 03/24/1962 07/12/1993 4.42 4.42 1,133.64 3832 08/08/1967 03/13/1995 2.75 2.75 705.84 4523 03/06/1964 04/03/1995 2.67 1.50 264.72 5113 01/16/1962 10/25/1993 4.17 4.17 1,105.44 6383 02/28/1961 11/07/1985 12.08 1.50 336.36 9803 05/30/1960 08/13/1981 16.33 1.50 297.72 9158 03/28/1957 10/25/1993 4.17 4.17 1,094.40 2301 04/30/1957 10/10/1983 14.17 1.50 336.60 9743 04/08/1973 01/26/1993 4.92 1.50 316.08 2401 09/28/1959 08/30/1993 4.33 4.33 1,609.92 4353 06/17/1968 07/08/1996 1.42 1.42 364.68 7080 02/03/1967 11/20/1995 2.08 2.08 518.28 9483 02/22/1959 09/30/1986 11.25 1.50 607.92 0682 08/02/1967 08/19/1996 1.33 1.33 343.20 0017 11/01/1965 07/24/1989 8.42 8.42 1,807.08 1806 11/21/1974 07/24/1995 2.42 1.50 229.56 2116 09/07/1974 07/08/1996 1.42 1.42 298.32 1365 10/27/1960 09/27/1993 4.25 4.25 1,399.56 2391 05/13/1964 10/14/1996 1.17 1.17 271.20 2594 09/07/1969 06/04/1992 0.75 0.75 198.96 K-97 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 4439 04/20/1959 03/31/1987 10.75 10.75 5,016.84 5981 03/12/1961 05/29/1995 2.58 1.50 192.24 0572 11/10/1960 08/07/1979 18.33 1.50 296.64 6188 06/02/1960 05/08/1995 2.58 1.50 352.92 6695 03/05/1970 01/04/1993 4.92 4.92 1,341.36 7504 09/23/1961 04/10/1995 2.67 1.50 294.72 8567 10/08/1969 11/14/1994 3.08 3.08 700.44 8569 01/25/1974 11/13/1995 2.08 1.50 348.60 2126 09/21/1966 09/27/1993 4.25 4.25 1,274.76 5251 02/28/1964 01/03/1995 2.92 2.92 714.00 6583 08/24/1976 09/25/1995 2.25 2.25 463.56 9918 09/13/1963 05/07/1990 7.58 1.50 576.72 2548 07/19/1963 04/19/1993 4.67 4.67 1,594.92 3746 07/07/1962 09/08/1981 16.25 1.50 444.60 2568 07/18/1965 07/31/1995 2.42 2.42 628.32 9795 01/23/1962 03/13/1995 2.75 2.75 720.96 3060 09/01/1963 06/19/1989 8.50 1.50 468.48 6275 12/30/1969 05/06/1991 6.58 1.50 328.08 1945 06/01/1973 11/14/1994 3.08 3.08 761.28 3372 09/09/1975 05/22/1995 2.58 2.58 560.76 9903 10/17/1964 07/31/1995 2.42 2.42 553.68 5909 02/23/1971 04/04/1994 3.67 3.67 1,129.08 8078 04/15/1964 04/17/1990 7.67 7.67 1,825.44 2696 10/18/1966 09/25/1995 2.25 2.25 491.40 5519 02/01/1967 02/10/1993 4.75 0.58 141.00 6025 07/03/1969 10/11/1993 4.17 4.17 1,262.88 1038 08/29/1968 03/29/1993 4.75 1.50 422.52 7778 11/27/1966 06/19/1995 2.50 2.50 587.64 5030 06/11/1938 11/03/1992 5.08 5.08 2,162.40 5160 01/24/1968 05/22/1995 2.58 2.58 573.00 6940 10/17/1966 01/01/1995 3.00 3.00 730.32 7424 01/08/1968 01/01/1995 3.00 3.00 730.44 7491 12/05/1969 01/01/1995 3.00 3.00 814.80 7692 05/18/1965 07/03/1995 2.42 1.50 252.12 9962 12/11/1966 11/11/1996 1.08 1.08 251.76 0284 09/12/1969 01/03/1995 2.92 2.92 767.88 4152 05/11/1967 10/05/1994 3.17 3.17 903.72 4177 07/01/1965 11/01/1992 5.17 4.50 1,415.64 6792 11/04/1969 11/12/1991 6.08 1.50 298.92 8643 12/04/1966 01/04/1993 4.92 4.92 1,280.40 3243 08/25/1968 03/15/1993 4.75 4.75 1,331.04 6707 08/27/1965 08/18/1992 5.33 5.33 1,157.04 5808 11/08/1935 08/17/1987 10.33 4.50 1,867.20 

K-98 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 0284 05/09/1969 10/14/1996 1.17 1.17 245.76 0848 05/26/1974 07/08/1996 1.42 1.42 329.28 1546 07/06/1967 08/23/1993 4.33 4.33 1,493.28 1628 02/09/1976 02/19/1996 1.83 1.83 471.96 1858 04/17/1971 08/24/1992 5.33 1.50 366.24 3387 07/10/1968 06/19/1995 2.50 2.50 645.00 3815 11/10/1970 01/03/1995 2.92 2.92 679.08 5345 08/29/1968 11/20/1995 2.08 2.08 460.08 9259 06/21/1976 09/06/1994 3.25 3.25 862.92 5843 08/24/1938 07/31/1986 11.42 1.50 468.96 2690 06/14/1968 05/22/1995 2.58 2.58 663.24 4483 01/17/1971 03/27/1995 2.75 1.50 267.72 3619 04/12/1973 06/26/1995 2.50 1.50 278.64 9217 08/04/1938 06/13/1988 9.50 9.50 2,357.40 8009 02/07/1942 11/13/1978 19.08 19.08 6,548.76 0993 09/16/1974 05/30/1995 2.58 2.58 466.44 4919 07/21/1971 09/25/1995 2.25 2.25 494.40 5568 03/11/1974 09/26/1994 3.25 3.25 806.04 5202 12/12/1974 10/24/1994 3.17 3.17 757.80 0662 02/14/1945 06/19/1989 8.50 1.50 335.88 0194 06/25/1946 04/30/1990 7.67 1.50 251.40 1079 12/13/1943 05/21/1984 13.58 1.50 280.92 9540 05/06/1945 03/22/1993 4.75 4.75 2,445.36 0110 08/21/1942 11/28/1994 3.08 3.08 689.04 0624 06/14/1945 01/03/1995 2.92 2.92 622.08 7585 05/06/1947 08/17/1987 10.33 4.50 1,035.00 7829 02/10/1949 11/11/1996 1.08 1.08 219.36 5136 04/24/1945 06/05/1995 2.50 2.50 549.00 6164 02/03/1948 10/25/1993 4.17 4.17 1,729.44 0104 12/22/1946 09/13/1993 4.25 4.25 1,152.84 4953 09/19/1948 03/28/1994 3.75 3.75 1,095.48 2756 10/20/1954 04/09/1979 18.67 1.50 297.36 3974 04/24/1952 09/18/1979 18.25 1.50 493.08 4229 03/10/1953 05/15/1989 8.58 1.50 390.72 9829 12/22/1952 07/29/1996 1.42 1.42 499.08 1085 07/19/1953 05/13/1992 5.58 5.58 1,237.08 1520 01/08/1949 10/05/1994 3.17 3.17 859.56 7512 07/22/1952 12/07/1992 5.00 1.50 382.92 7777 06/03/1954 06/08/1992 5.50 1.50 269.64 8429 08/13/1951 08/26/1980 17.33 1.50 290.28 8573 03/07/1954 07/16/1990 7.42 1.50 316.56 9247 04/20/1953 10/18/1993 4.17 1.50 446.28 9738 11/10/1953 08/30/1996 1.33 1.33 294.96 K-99 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 7656 06/01/1954 08/22/1988 9.33 9.33 2,124.72 9105 12/22/1957 01/17/1994 3.92 3.92 980.16 9453 10/19/1957 11/21/1988 9.08 9.08 2,526.36 9488 06/04/1959 10/14/1996 1.17 1.17 225.12 5857 04/12/1965 09/24/1991 2.67 2.67 488.64 6729 05/20/1964 11/08/1995 2.08 2.08 1,314.00 9877 07/05/1962 07/04/1991 6.42 6.42 1,847.88 1804 11/22/1970 11/29/1989 8.08 8.08 2,267.16 9320 08/24/1959 01/19/1989 8.92 8.92 1,910.16 5351 11/16/1975 03/11/1996 1.75 1.75 366.72 1898 07/02/1963 11/17/1993 4.08 4.08 1,013.28 5600 07/01/1965 03/28/1994 3.75 3.75 1,023.12 3588 09/24/1966 09/04/1996 1.25 1.25 243.00 3707 04/03/1973 05/19/1993 4.58 4.58 1,314.00 5137 01/01/1938 10/26/1988 9.17 9.17 2,673.72 4620 09/16/1970 08/09/1989 8.33 8.33 1,925.16 1854 08/26/1977 09/18/1995 2.25 2.25 484.68 4116 07/21/1941 06/01/1993 4.58 4.58 1,136.64 3719 07/18/1973 11/15/1993 4.08 4.08 1,216.92 4224 04/07/1962 05/20/1993 4.58 4.58 1,192.08 7711 02/03/1951 01/30/1990 7.92 7.92 2,388.36 5356 08/17/1948 11/11/1996 1.08 1.08 281.64 5029 02/22/1950 10/03/1988 9.17 9.17 2,431.68 6470 02/25/1951 04/20/1993 4.67 4.67 1,129.32 7232 04/04/1948 11/01/1993 4.17 4.17 1,022.40 7345 06/29/1950 07/04/1988 9.42 9.42 2,928.48 1634 03/20/1950 12/08/1988 9.00 9.00 2,569.92 6158 08/29/1965 01/21/1993 4.92 4.92 1,433.76 2632 03/27/1953 01/02/1989 8.92 8.92 3,024.96 1311 01/02/1951 01/26/1996 1.92 1.92 409.08 5642 04/10/1958 04/09/1989 8.67 8.67 1,938.96 5861 07/18/1957 02/15/1993 4.83 4.83 1,142.88 5878 11/06/1955 07/10/1989 8.42 8.42 2,901.00 1016 09/21/1960 10/28/1996 1.17 1.17 225.12 7398 10/12/1968 05/10/1993 4.58 4.58 1,396.32 7465 04/24/1971 08/28/1990 7.33 7.33 1,790.04 4364 05/01/1960 04/21/1993 4.67 4.67 1,606.56 3875 03/18/1963 09/24/1992 5.25 5.25 1,385.40 8980 07/03/1963 11/29/1993 4.08 4.08 1,100.40 1749 05/15/1964 09/26/1990 7.25 7.25 1,767.12 3776 10/15/1965 01/03/1996 1.92 1.92 409.08 4218 04/22/1968 11/17/1993 4.08 4.08 1,003.20 5481 03/28/1968 03/06/1989 8.75 8.75 1,950.60 

K-100 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 4794 01/22/1971 03/18/1994 3.75 3.75 884.04 1975 04/13/1937 08/02/1994 3.33 3.33 743.88 2716 09/20/1938 01/09/1995 2.92 2.92 652.92 5581 03/10/1938 08/03/1981 16.33 16.33 17,165.28 9569 07/19/1942 10/02/1989 8.17 8.17 2,044.56 7852 07/04/1943 10/25/1989 8.17 8.17 1,789.56 6338 09/16/1976 03/15/1996 1.75 1.75 373.56 1542 09/13/1946 05/31/1989 8.58 8.58 1,761.72 1652 04/01/1946 04/06/1994 3.67 3.67 821.04 2089 12/13/1949 08/14/1992 5.33 5.33 1,383.84 2909 08/29/1948 12/06/1993 4.00 4.00 1,215.00 3223 08/05/1947 08/23/1989 8.33 8.33 2,128.92 3434 05/28/1949 10/15/1992 5.17 5.17 1,243.44 1730 10/03/1970 11/18/1993 4.08 4.08 1,133.16 0102 12/22/1949 08/18/1993 4.33 4.33 915.96 0336 05/29/1941 12/06/1988 9.00 9.00 1,591.80 0999 02/15/1949 06/13/1988 9.50 9.50 3,386.76 1688 03/18/1950 10/09/1995 2.17 2.17 455.76 2952 11/09/1954 03/29/1995 2.75 2.75 1,302.72 8636 12/10/1952 02/07/1994 3.83 3.83 1,429.92 5834 02/08/1962 09/19/1988 9.25 9.25 3,210.36 6641 06/01/1951 10/10/1988 9.17 9.17 2,212.20 6910 03/24/1955 03/19/1993 4.75 4.75 1,293.72 7964 07/06/1965 09/30/1993 4.25 4.25 1,116.60 2311 11/18/1963 06/07/1993 4.50 4.50 1,645.56 5493 06/16/1961 07/20/1988 9.42 9.42 3,378.72 9865 07/04/1973 01/31/1995 2.92 2.92 613.20 3412 07/28/1975 11/17/1993 4.08 4.08 1,194.24 8825 11/28/1976 06/07/1995 2.50 2.50 544.20 1534 12/12/1976 04/27/1995 2.67 2.67 458.76 1798 03/22/1963 12/19/1994 3.00 3.00 1,129.44 9527 07/25/1971 11/11/1996 1.08 1.08 276.60 2551 05/04/1972 06/12/1995 2.50 2.50 527.40 6494 11/16/1965 09/22/1988 9.25 9.25 2,688.36 7952 10/24/1967 06/22/1993 4.50 4.50 1,062.00 7610 05/26/1965 07/19/1995 2.42 2.42 468.72 5123 04/29/1969 05/11/1989 8.58 8.58 2,265.84 7770 01/18/1971 04/21/1989 8.67 8.67 2,224.20 2859 06/07/1971 10/02/1989 8.17 8.17 2,160.00 8839 01/05/1972 08/30/1993 4.33 4.33 1,122.00 9778 05/08/1972 10/11/1993 4.17 4.17 1,038.84 1025 09/15/1937 06/19/1991 6.50 6.50 1,999.80 1661 04/05/1939 11/23/1993 4.08 4.08 812.16 K-101 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 0130 03/26/1977 06/11/1996 1.50 1.50 320.16 0674 09/08/1972 03/15/1993 4.75 4.75 1,443.48 0063 01/13/1942 01/03/1996 1.92 1.92 369.72 0417 09/25/1942 04/18/1988 9.67 9.67 3,492.12 0783 05/07/1946 09/28/1988 9.25 9.25 3,104.76 0888 10/04/1945 07/30/1990 7.42 7.42 1,517.28 8779 01/29/1952 01/23/1989 8.92 8.92 2,467.80 8780 02/25/1949 04/18/1988 9.67 9.67 3,268.32 1550 11/13/1947 08/06/1989 8.33 8.33 3,093.72 6042 09/03/1952 09/01/1995 2.33 2.33 1,178.64 5442 03/07/1947 11/15/1989 8.08 8.08 1,995.60 5666 03/17/1947 02/03/1993 4.83 4.83 1,159.44 5843 02/07/1950 09/22/1994 3.25 3.25 717.84 2216 06/06/1952 09/04/1995 2.25 2.25 1,769.04 2645 04/30/1950 07/17/1989 8.42 8.42 2,149.92 4161 07/02/1971 07/02/1993 4.42 4.42 1,462.56 0749 05/15/1950 04/18/1995 2.67 2.67 613.80 8597 12/17/1954 05/25/1988 9.58 9.58 2,100.00 8670 11/13/1953 05/23/1988 9.58 9.58 2,755.92 7735 06/09/1969 04/28/1993 4.67 4.67 1,517.64 8252 05/28/1954 10/27/1988 9.17 9.17 2,777.88 2783 02/05/1956 03/02/1989 8.75 8.75 2,391.84 4237 05/06/1957 06/20/1994 3.50 3.50 859.80 4580 02/05/1958 03/21/1994 3.75 3.75 960.48 1282 09/29/1960 02/16/1994 3.83 3.83 941.28 6745 10/23/1957 10/18/1989 8.17 8.17 1,976.28 9199 07/05/1955 12/15/1993 4.00 4.00 923.28 7428 05/24/1960 11/18/1993 4.08 4.08 1,097.40 7310 09/23/1960 02/28/1990 7.83 7.83 2,231.88 5854 10/10/1962 08/30/1993 4.33 4.33 994.92 1656 10/22/1963 02/26/1991 6.83 6.83 1,861.56 9083 08/24/1962 03/24/1994 3.75 3.75 960.24 9113 05/26/1963 10/03/1988 9.17 9.17 2,959.20 6328 06/12/1970 12/12/1988 9.00 9.00 1,992.00 6934 06/12/1970 12/12/1988 9.00 9.00 3,083.76 5017 06/14/1972 10/02/1995 2.17 2.17 1,008.84 0883 06/25/1974 10/04/1993 4.17 4.17 1,113.60 7475 08/27/1973 02/15/1993 4.83 4.83 1,623.24 5983 04/14/1964 12/04/1996 1.00 1.00 192.96 5422 03/20/1948 04/12/1989 8.67 8.67 2,211.84 5458 01/19/1947 08/03/1994 3.33 3.33 779.40 5800 11/21/1946 11/01/1993 4.17 4.17 3,445.56 1133 10/09/1946 09/23/1993 4.25 4.25 989.04 

K-102 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 4274 07/30/1949 11/03/1993 4.08 4.08 1,472.88 6120 09/10/1948 08/15/1988 9.33 9.33 2,903.64 0409 03/22/1966 05/02/1988 9.58 9.58 2,789.88 2048 04/17/1967 07/21/1994 3.42 3.42 820.32 4259 07/31/1962 10/25/1993 4.17 4.17 1,121.52 3721 02/11/1961 02/06/1989 8.83 8.83 2,144.04 1733 12/31/1973 11/01/1993 4.17 4.17 946.56 7413 09/16/1963 05/09/1990 7.58 7.58 2,019.36 9555 07/10/1961 03/29/1989 8.75 8.75 2,574.96 2938 03/26/1962 09/15/1993 4.25 4.25 1,114.68 7677 08/03/1964 08/19/1989 8.33 8.33 2,304.72 8674 02/01/1963 11/08/1988 9.08 9.08 2,574.36 1232 08/20/1967 05/19/1993 4.58 4.58 1,401.84 2321 04/12/1964 11/29/1993 4.08 4.08 1,006.68 4979 08/24/1972 03/22/1991 6.75 6.75 1,745.28 4261 12/10/1971 09/28/1994 3.25 3.25 778.08 1349 09/27/1969 05/13/1989 8.58 8.58 2,221.56 9594 01/12/1942 12/04/1992 5.00 5.00 1,197.96 5239 04/09/1947 06/14/1992 5.50 5.50 1,448.88 6287 10/02/1948 08/30/1993 4.33 4.33 1,200.72 8541 02/18/1957 05/21/1990 7.58 7.58 1,649.40 4515 01/17/1955 05/10/1993 4.58 4.58 1,290.96 7710 02/15/1957 11/16/1994 3.08 3.08 778.20 8209 02/24/1955 09/24/1996 1.25 1.25 362.04 5992 03/27/1957 03/07/1983 11.58 9.00 3,305.04 6301 05/17/1967 11/07/1994 3.08 3.08 819.72 8636 09/23/1959 03/20/1995 2.75 2.75 751.32 3471 02/20/1959 11/15/1988 9.67 9.67 3,193.32 8256 03/08/1958 08/30/1993 4.33 4.33 1,702.68 7240 10/02/1959 09/13/1993 4.25 4.25 1,265.76 1774 03/01/1973 06/05/1995 2.50 2.50 1,194.72 9156 01/18/1970 12/19/1988 9.00 9.00 2,614.32 6798 10/09/1959 01/19/1994 3.92 3.92 1,015.92 6234 08/07/1968 11/28/1994 3.08 3.08 778.32 0463 09/20/1967 07/06/1993 4.42 4.42 1,662.60 1709 05/24/1975 06/17/1994 3.50 3.50 860.16 0926 08/24/1973 01/31/1994 3.92 3.92 1,008.48 3466 09/20/1971 11/22/1993 4.08 4.08 927.96 9789 12/07/1971 03/08/1993 4.75 4.75 803.16 0084 08/31/1972 05/17/1996 1.58 1.58 338.04 3395 05/25/1971 07/14/1993 4.42 4.42 1,402.80 4331 02/17/1972 07/21/1993 4.42 4.42 1,176.96 8198 03/23/1942 08/18/1993 4.33 4.33 1,091.76 K-103 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 5903 01/23/1946 09/21/1994 3.25 3.25 747.60 7212 10/06/1947 11/08/1988 9.08 9.08 2,716.32 7386 05/08/1946 06/08/1989 8.50 8.50 2,252.76 7387 05/08/1946 06/08/1989 8.50 8.50 2,269.32 0468 11/26/1946 09/30/1991 6.25 6.25 1,624.56 9829 10/17/1946 01/03/1994 3.92 3.92 1,140.60 8448 09/19/1946 08/06/1991 6.33 6.33 1,845.36 9892 12/16/1951 11/15/1993 4.08 4.08 1,213.92 9906 10/30/1947 06/07/1993 4.50 4.50 1,335.72 2499 08/14/1950 05/08/1989 8.58 8.58 1,973.28 9205 01/26/1950 07/11/1988 9.42 9.42 2,555.40 4875 10/06/1952 05/18/1994 3.58 3.58 1,081.56 4986 02/04/1953 08/18/1993 4.33 4.33 1,083.60 0511 08/12/1951 10/12/1993 4.17 4.17 1,276.08 0513 05/13/1951 04/12/1989 8.67 8.67 1,995.12 4823 09/12/1964 07/08/1996 1.42 1.42 273.36 1540 10/19/1965 01/17/1994 3.92 3.92 1,065.60 0411 12/11/1958 01/16/1989 8.92 8.92 2,479.32 2909 04/18/1971 07/18/1989 8.42 8.42 2,079.96 9829 07/30/1961 02/07/1989 8.83 8.83 1,644.36 1576 05/16/1962 03/09/1990 7.75 7.75 2,056.68 3808 06/03/1964 05/02/1988 9.58 9.58 3,902.64 0593 10/15/1970 03/18/1989 8.75 8.75 2,538.72 0158 04/07/1962 03/28/1988 9.75 9.75 3,304.32 3906 05/24/1961 04/25/1988 9.67 9.67 2,935.92 4541 07/01/1963 12/20/1993 4.00 4.00 892.08 7515 08/20/1963 03/25/1985 12.75 12.75 2,675.28 8092 10/27/1974 08/04/1993 4.33 4.33 1,413.60 2757 02/29/1972 08/15/1990 7.33 7.33 2,025.36 7581 06/09/1971 07/16/1993 4.42 4.42 2,038.20 0140 10/23/1973 01/19/1994 3.92 3.92 916.20 0330 09/30/1971 04/28/1995 2.67 2.67 550.08 2065 06/20/1972 05/29/1996 1.58 1.58 458.64 2991 05/13/1974 05/23/1994 3.58 3.58 943.20 8206 08/15/1941 06/14/1993 4.50 4.50 1,040.52 9140 01/19/1941 10/03/1988 9.17 9.17 2,147.64 7776 07/04/1943 11/15/1993 4.08 4.08 830.88 8775 07/20/1942 08/30/1973 24.33 24.33 7,122.12 9221 09/04/1943 03/16/1990 7.75 7.75 1,829.16 9592 03/21/1945 04/18/1988 9.67 9.67 2,833.32 0953 02/20/1975 11/22/1993 4.08 4.08 996.12 4635 12/10/1961 03/14/1994 3.75 3.75 1,181.16 0153 07/09/1953 07/20/1988 9.42 9.42 3,005.76 

K-104 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 0400 12/31/1950 05/26/1993 4.58 4.58 1,166.40 8895 01/30/1954 03/21/1995 2.75 1.50 323.40 8129 08/31/1954 05/16/1994 3.58 3.58 742.32 8513 06/28/1962 01/23/1989 8.92 8.92 2,374.20 8715 03/12/1957 04/11/1988 9.67 9.67 3,429.24 8731 11/27/1954 02/23/1993 4.83 4.83 1,277.28 9757 08/07/1957 04/05/1988 9.67 9.67 3,491.40 6552 06/21/1962 08/07/1991 6.33 6.33 1,730.28 6745 03/28/1963 07/10/1989 8.42 4.50 1,564.56 5202 11/13/1971 10/12/1992 5.17 5.17 1,710.36 8267 10/02/1961 10/13/1992 5.17 5.17 1,586.04 9373 11/08/1969 01/11/1991 6.92 6.92 1,854.60 3333 08/08/1970 05/22/1989 8.58 8.58 1,909.08 3659 03/21/1973 11/27/1992 5.08 5.08 1,530.72 3534 03/18/1960 04/18/1995 2.67 2.67 729.48 6852 08/20/1962 04/18/1988 9.67 1.50 518.16 3564 10/15/1964 01/21/1991 6.92 6.92 1,889.04 5109 02/03/1971 09/14/1995 2.25 2.25 464.52 2881 11/05/1965 08/22/1988 9.33 9.33 3,262.68 7380 03/16/1971 01/29/1996 1.92 1.92 555.12 1817 09/18/1971 12/21/1994 3.00 3.00 766.80 0366 02/11/1937 05/11/1989 8.58 8.58 5,292.24 0379 11/07/1937 03/26/1989 8.75 8.75 2,715.48 6402 02/17/1971 10/15/1993 4.17 4.17 1,096.56 0935 12/22/1943 04/11/1988 9.67 9.67 3,564.84 3617 06/25/1940 12/03/1996 1.00 1.00 192.96 5058 04/04/1942 01/24/1996 1.92 1.92 369.72 6412 05/18/1942 01/19/1994 3.92 3.92 957.00 6449 08/24/1944 10/04/1988 9.17 9.17 2,089.20 9311 02/14/1944 03/21/1988 9.75 9.75 3,530.28 2847 07/08/1950 04/06/1989 8.67 8.67 2,216.64 6249 10/08/1949 07/24/1991 6.42 6.42 1,532.76 0102 03/19/1950 12/20/1993 4.00 4.00 973.20 2379 12/13/1953 05/10/1991 6.58 6.58 1,737.36 1985 08/18/1958 03/25/1994 3.75 3.75 1,030.08 3774 06/24/1969 03/07/1988 9.75 9.75 2,213.04 5619 06/09/1971 10/21/1993 4.17 4.17 1,043.76 6807 07/17/1975 09/17/1993 4.25 4.25 1,102.32 1427 03/14/1956 09/06/1990 7.25 7.25 1,579.20 4729 01/23/1962 07/24/1996 1.42 1.42 273.36 5530 09/04/1959 05/27/1994 3.58 3.58 938.64 2418 12/17/1963 10/10/1988 9.17 9.17 2,010.72 0558 08/20/1973 05/26/1993 4.58 4.58 1,143.00 K-105 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 1397 10/13/1961 01/23/1989 8.92 8.92 2,409.84 5588 05/06/1960 04/05/1990 7.67 7.67 1,908.60 0520 10/30/1969 09/13/1988 9.25 9.25 3,191.64 7701 03/27/1969 09/13/1993 4.25 4.25 1,172.04 9034 04/09/1973 08/03/1994 3.33 3.33 788.40 2001 06/03/1938 05/30/1988 9.58 9.58 3,371.64 1110 12/28/1948 08/18/1993 4.33 4.33 1,048.32 8086 11/13/1948 03/21/1977 20.75 20.75 10,387.56 4176 08/20/1952 06/27/1988 9.50 9.50 2,718.84 4582 10/15/1953 06/06/1988 9.50 9.50 3,300.48 1610 12/14/1956 11/13/1995 2.08 2.08 444.36 3010 09/13/1932 07/06/1988 9.42 9.42 2,113.80 5708 02/06/1961 06/17/1996 1.50 1.50 331.92 1289 06/05/1939 05/04/1992 5.58 5.58 1,594.80 3552 02/27/1959 08/24/1990 7.33 5.50 1,403.16 3181 04/10/1956 03/21/1995 2.75 2.75 611.52 3249 04/02/1963 07/25/1994 3.42 3.42 777.48 5466 01/21/1953 05/10/1993 4.58 4.58 1,092.24 7104 08/27/1954 07/10/1989 8.42 8.42 2,842.20 5314 12/21/1956 04/22/1990 7.67 4.50 5,446.92 2630 08/10/1937 02/01/1988 9.92 9.92 3,549.24 3229 03/26/1939 02/21/1996 1.83 1.83 353.64 8734 03/31/1942 02/04/1994 3.83 3.83 1,161.12 3410 08/09/1944 02/28/1994 3.83 3.83 938.64 8689 05/29/1946 06/14/1989 8.50 8.50 2,971.20 0719 05/10/1952 03/27/1989 8.75 8.75 2,977.92 0877 04/08/1950 05/30/1995 2.58 2.58 649.32 4362 05/05/1973 09/11/1996 1.25 1.25 387.12 4656 05/26/1969 09/13/1994 3.25 3.25 914.88 3050 11/27/1952 08/01/1988 6.17 6.17 1,118.16 4930 03/01/1971 09/06/1994 3.25 3.25 855.00 5664 07/20/1946 08/27/1991 6.33 6.33 1,497.96 5089 06/13/1946 01/03/1994 3.92 3.92 948.84 8520 10/10/1946 08/08/1988 9.33 9.33 2,504.40 8981 01/30/1949 05/01/1988 9.67 9.00 3,818.76 4318 09/20/1953 03/16/1992 5.75 5.75 1,777.44 7008 08/14/1953 06/22/1995 2.50 2.50 593.88 1197 07/31/1958 09/03/1993 4.25 4.25 1,237.08 4432 07/08/1967 08/30/1996 1.33 1.33 310.80 6372 10/31/1976 05/02/1996 1.58 1.58 338.04 9701 02/22/1952 09/13/1993 4.25 4.25 1,294.68 1084 10/11/1955 04/08/1994 3.67 3.67 1,091.04 9552 07/24/1958 11/28/1994 3.08 3.08 825.48 

K-106 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 2681 08/05/1958 07/08/1996 1.42 1.42 364.68 9246 02/18/1959 10/24/1988 9.17 9.17 1,759.56 3576 08/09/1961 06/24/1992 5.50 5.50 1,286.52 9411 02/13/1960 07/29/1996 1.42 1.42 364.68 6167 08/20/1963 09/09/1996 1.25 1.25 263.28 4091 06/15/1950 04/18/1988 9.67 9.67 4,003.08 9666 09/13/1955 07/30/1990 7.42 7.42 2,238.00 9667 09/13/1955 02/04/1991 6.83 6.83 2,022.12 1061 06/17/1955 08/05/1996 1.33 1.33 273.84 4276 08/09/1956 01/30/1989 8.92 8.92 2,566.92 9334 06/09/1960 05/26/1993 4.58 4.58 1,249.92 2743 08/01/1959 01/09/1996 1.92 1.92 409.08 9848 08/28/1961 11/04/1980 17.08 8.08 3,191.88 2187 07/11/1949 12/31/1990 7.00 7.00 2,057.04 2224 07/06/1948 05/22/1995 2.58 2.58 579.24 4851 09/06/1953 04/16/1993 4.67 4.67 1,522.32 5130 08/18/1953 03/16/1989 8.75 8.75 2,330.28 3904 12/11/1926 09/04/1991 6.25 6.25 1,313.76 6568 06/04/1959 05/24/1990 7.58 7.58 2,192.04 2090 11/01/1960 04/30/1979 18.67 18.67 3,642.48 5996 11/16/1976 10/28/1996 1.17 1.17 297.84 8977 09/05/1964 01/30/1990 7.92 7.92 1,993.20 7235 03/30/1950 08/08/1994 3.33 3.33 732.48 4621 05/09/1969 08/01/1989 8.42 8.42 2,244.60 4314 09/30/1958 08/12/1996 1.33 1.33 355.08 5269 08/11/1965 07/31/1996 1.42 1.42 273.36 6912 03/08/1961 01/28/1988 9.92 9.92 3,296.28 9637 08/29/1972 12/13/1993 4.00 4.00 1,090.92 0992 08/16/1963 03/04/1996 1.75 1.75 458.04 8950 09/08/1936 01/23/1989 8.92 8.92 2,015.28 8365 08/30/1958 01/04/1993 4.92 4.92 5,082.60 0410 09/02/1944 03/08/1989 8.75 1.50 310.92 9164 02/09/1955 04/14/1992 5.67 5.67 1,267.20 1972 09/20/1970 05/01/1995 2.67 2.67 1,533.72 7534 01/12/1946 02/20/1995 2.83 2.83 1,035.12 6588 12/23/1944 08/22/1989 8.33 8.33 1,662.12 3142 07/21/1965 04/03/1996 1.67 1.67 384.84 2587 07/10/1941 04/18/1991 6.67 6.67 1,945.44 9717 03/28/1945 09/27/1993 4.25 4.25 1,022.88 0683 11/20/1947 02/29/1988 9.83 9.83 1,897.68 7412 04/12/1960 05/23/1992 5.58 5.58 1,199.64 4609 08/19/1965 08/20/1990 7.33 7.33 1,564.92 8784 07/27/1947 03/01/1989 8.83 8.83 5,055.36 K-107 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 5853 09/20/1959 05/12/1992 5.58 5.50 1,224.60 7164 06/02/1963 05/09/1989 8.58 1.50 551.76 4552 08/11/1945 05/23/1988 9.58 9.00 2,077.92 8945 08/12/1961 08/14/1996 1.33 1.33 391.44 3205 08/27/1966 07/12/1988 9.42 9.42 1,885.08 2573 02/17/1963 08/05/1991 6.33 6.33 2,946.24 0932 09/10/1946 02/15/1993 4.83 4.50 2,936.52 0317 10/14/1950 01/29/1979 18.92 1.50 331.80 5119 09/28/1958 06/27/1990 7.50 1.50 237.96 6527 09/10/1955 09/14/1988 9.25 9.25 1,942.20 7622 07/21/1951 09/30/1996 1.25 1.25 296.04 1090 12/03/1968 06/12/1989 8.50 8.50 1,812.72 0124 08/24/1947 11/09/1987 10.08 10.08 2,790.72 7702 05/16/1948 08/20/1984 14.75 14.75 4,343.40 8693 11/24/1942 04/05/1993 4.67 1.50 290.28 3616 03/29/1976 01/03/1995 2.92 2.92 718.32 7332 01/21/1957 09/20/1993 4.25 4.25 1,246.80 6015 01/30/1952 02/08/1982 15.83 15.83 3,677.04 4170 06/18/1959 12/16/1996 1.00 1.00 186.96 6187 06/18/1935 04/18/1988 9.67 9.00 4,051.08 5796 08/28/1956 09/18/1996 1.25 1.25 253.80 3748 06/08/1972 01/15/1991 6.92 5.50 1,884.96 4618 09/13/1947 05/08/1989 8.58 8.58 3,469.80 3392 10/28/1944 03/12/1989 8.75 8.75 1,688.28 5482 09/19/1951 02/01/1989 8.92 8.92 7,297.20 3748 03/15/1957 06/28/1996 1.50 1.50 320.16 0990 04/13/1968 03/14/1994 3.75 3.75 1,017.72 7606 03/14/1954 10/31/1994 3.17 3.17 784.92 5832 08/12/1942 12/14/1995 2.00 2.00 931.44 1543 08/19/1959 10/06/1986 11.17 11.17 5,690.64 7162 08/02/1951 09/06/1994 3.25 3.25 896.16 3920 12/21/1941 05/31/1988 9.58 9.58 2,060.04 4164 08/17/1951 02/16/1993 4.83 4.83 1,240.08 5434 10/04/1968 10/11/1993 4.17 4.17 932.16 5287 01/27/1968 09/05/1995 2.25 2.25 484.44 3285 01/24/1945 04/20/1976 21.67 21.67 3,568.08 7614 03/11/1960 05/03/1989 8.58 8.58 2,314.20 8916 04/11/1943 11/15/1993 4.08 4.08 953.76 1330 07/06/1968 04/28/1995 2.67 2.67 547.92 5331 06/01/1973 02/13/1995 2.83 2.83 744.24 1767 11/14/1970 05/08/1995 2.58 2.58 633.72 0211 06/26/1952 05/02/1994 3.58 3.58 4,428.84 7426 09/20/1952 03/24/1995 2.75 2.75 591.48 

K-108 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 6273 11/11/1947 06/12/1995 2.50 2.50 652.44 0239 12/06/1951 04/24/1990 7.67 7.67 2,062.08 3834 02/20/1968 04/04/1994 3.67 3.67 1,115.40 2834 11/20/1951 02/14/1991 6.83 6.83 1,956.60 4148 09/20/1954 09/15/1986 11.25 11.25 2,630.40 1436 03/29/1966 06/24/1996 1.50 1.50 320.16 6979 01/15/1950 03/20/1990 7.75 1.50 331.20 1340 12/14/1962 08/02/1991 6.33 6.33 1,782.36 3467 02/10/1958 03/07/1994 3.75 3.75 947.52 3066 08/18/1961 07/15/1994 3.42 3.42 1,075.08 1864 09/02/1958 07/06/1994 3.42 3.42 857.88 2676 09/23/1941 02/24/1993 4.83 4.83 1,010.28 8095 03/01/1959 06/07/1995 2.50 2.50 550.20 5672 12/22/1942 05/01/1995 2.67 2.67 977.76 7102 02/01/1953 06/21/1994 3.50 3.50 872.40 0538 03/24/1970 12/16/1996 1.00 1.00 210.60 4604 10/31/1954 01/19/1993 4.92 4.92 1,348.56 7755 06/13/1958 02/29/1988 9.83 9.83 3,481.92 3368 09/06/1956 01/11/1988 9.92 9.92 2,555.88 4006 06/26/1971 03/24/1992 5.75 5.75 1,678.08 5356 11/16/1953 12/14/1988 9.00 9.00 1,952.40 9929 10/12/1963 01/03/1995 2.92 2.92 768.00 1513 08/21/1951 06/05/1995 2.50 2.50 581.04 7838 11/16/1962 03/01/1993 4.83 4.83 1,631.88 1591 04/18/1971 03/04/1996 1.75 1.75 407.64 3237 09/14/1951 08/11/1993 4.33 4.33 1,216.68 8703 01/12/1968 10/07/1996 1.17 1.17 411.00 7671 02/11/1935 07/22/1993 4.42 4.42 1,159.92 6943 04/22/1963 11/06/1989 8.08 8.08 1,695.36 5585 09/13/1968 04/05/1993 4.67 4.67 2,582.88 9449 12/26/1975 06/19/1995 2.50 1.50 196.20 0657 10/21/1962 05/08/1995 2.58 2.58 610.92 8213 07/18/1965 07/06/1987 5.00 5.00 3,224.28 7987 09/26/1951 03/13/1995 2.75 2.75 639.00 3626 11/22/1963 12/05/1994 3.00 3.00 1,315.80 9596 03/20/1956 01/16/1989 8.92 8.92 3,116.52 3106 08/18/1937 01/15/1985 12.92 12.92 2,679.96 1701 10/05/1944 08/30/1993 4.33 4.33 1,412.88 1401 10/30/1965 09/07/1989 8.25 8.25 2,204.40 0081 06/29/1935 04/14/1992 5.67 1.50 286.56 8836 11/09/1950 12/07/1992 5.00 1.50 304.20 9793 06/11/1951 08/21/1988 9.33 9.33 2,328.84 5258 09/25/1956 10/23/1989 8.17 7.50 1,510.92 K-109 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 7136 11/24/1976 03/25/1995 2.75 2.75 635.76 4723 08/04/1937 01/23/1985 12.83 12.83 2,723.64 9872 01/02/1956 01/28/1991 6.92 6.92 2,055.48 2353 01/13/1963 07/13/1992 5.42 5.42 3,520.20 0208 09/21/1956 07/01/1991 6.50 6.50 2,170.20 7391 03/03/1958 07/19/1989 8.42 8.42 2,195.52 0833 10/22/1966 11/29/1993 4.08 4.08 1,222.56 2177 05/07/1968 07/01/1991 6.50 6.50 1,646.04 1680 02/07/1962 04/08/1994 3.67 3.67 1,089.96 6647 01/08/1962 10/11/1993 4.17 4.17 1,389.48 9952 11/08/1966 01/03/1994 3.92 3.92 1,174.56 0680 02/17/1965 01/03/1994 3.92 3.92 1,190.76 0704 08/10/1963 12/10/1990 7.00 7.00 2,115.60 5668 05/20/1975 02/26/1996 1.83 1.83 497.16 7865 06/12/1965 05/08/1994 3.58 3.58 812.64 5041 04/03/1969 04/08/1994 3.67 3.67 1,117.20 9611 12/21/1966 05/13/1996 1.58 1.58 429.36 3140 11/19/1966 09/03/1991 6.25 6.25 1,932.24 8266 04/16/1972 11/04/1993 4.08 4.08 1,182.60 4847 01/18/1937 07/30/1991 6.42 6.42 1,808.04 9694 08/04/1943 12/10/1990 7.00 7.00 1,745.28 7110 12/19/1953 08/23/1995 2.33 2.33 570.84 5028 05/04/1946 09/24/1990 7.25 7.25 2,163.12 5314 04/23/1947 04/08/1991 6.67 6.67 1,887.72 6365 09/09/1947 03/07/1991 6.75 6.75 2,326.44 6278 08/22/1951 09/16/1993 4.25 4.25 1,328.52 6283 06/28/1948 04/04/1991 6.67 6.67 1,864.92 2512 05/17/1955 07/06/1992 5.42 5.42 2,861.04 5138 03/31/1954 11/04/1993 4.08 4.08 1,422.96 5275 06/29/1955 04/04/1996 1.67 1.67 451.92 5591 06/22/1953 06/13/1991 6.50 6.50 1,700.76 5671 09/20/1954 04/29/1996 1.67 1.67 451.92 7309 02/06/1956 05/27/1991 6.58 6.58 2,335.44 1923 11/29/1957 07/22/1993 4.42 4.42 1,552.56 7878 11/07/1958 02/29/1996 1.83 1.83 497.16 1078 03/14/1958 12/10/1990 7.00 7.00 2,718.48 2249 10/11/1958 03/25/1996 1.75 1.75 474.60 8413 06/11/1957 07/18/1993 4.42 4.42 1,363.08 9398 07/17/1970 07/04/1991 6.42 6.42 1,629.36 0554 02/23/1974 08/23/1993 4.33 4.33 1,256.28 8178 07/04/1970 11/21/1994 3.08 3.08 929.52 6535 12/04/1960 01/14/1994 3.92 3.92 1,175.64 2251 10/09/1959 08/19/1993 4.33 4.33 1,205.52 

K-110 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 4825 12/11/1969 09/20/1993 4.25 4.25 1,182.24 3223 02/10/1966 12/10/1990 7.00 7.00 2,758.20 2930 09/25/1967 10/11/1993 4.17 4.17 1,223.52 3911 06/09/1969 01/15/1996 1.92 1.92 519.72 4492 05/11/1969 02/26/1996 1.83 1.83 497.16 1012 10/07/1973 04/04/1996 1.67 1.67 451.92 4597 04/27/1969 08/19/1993 4.33 4.33 1,269.00 9307 06/08/1942 01/31/1991 6.92 6.92 1,971.84 5808 12/06/1945 12/10/1990 7.00 7.00 2,452.80 6110 08/31/1946 09/19/1990 7.25 7.25 2,557.32 6669 09/13/1946 09/19/1990 7.25 7.25 2,242.80 2148 04/21/1951 06/17/1996 1.50 1.50 333.48 3962 02/01/1957 08/23/1993 4.33 4.33 1,259.52 3972 06/30/1951 04/04/1991 6.67 6.67 2,030.64 4186 04/10/1953 02/18/1991 6.83 6.83 1,891.44 4199 12/10/1951 02/19/1991 6.83 6.83 2,122.92 4561 06/07/1955 11/23/1987 10.08 10.08 3,556.32 4807 03/15/1951 08/03/1987 10.33 10.33 1,945.08 4942 03/08/1956 08/04/1991 6.33 6.33 1,761.36 5524 03/27/1962 11/05/1993 4.08 4.08 1,172.88 1086 07/25/1959 01/31/1991 6.92 6.92 1,893.00 9190 09/03/1956 07/28/1991 6.42 6.42 1,877.40 7433 05/18/1957 05/14/1990 7.58 7.58 1,957.56 5617 06/25/1958 08/23/1993 4.33 4.33 1,618.68 9664 08/28/1962 06/21/1991 6.50 6.50 1,906.80 7418 09/26/1965 09/16/1993 4.25 4.25 1,234.20 9643 06/12/1968 07/15/1991 6.42 6.42 1,590.60 9930 04/02/1971 04/04/1991 6.67 6.67 1,904.28 2493 12/01/1965 03/25/1991 6.75 6.75 2,458.80 4495 09/21/1966 12/04/1995 2.00 2.00 561.60 6098 03/03/1966 02/11/1991 6.83 6.83 1,929.60 7868 06/26/1965 12/10/1990 7.00 7.00 3,158.52 4021 10/28/1969 02/18/1991 6.83 6.83 1,927.44 1532 11/10/1971 12/27/1993 4.00 4.00 1,160.16 2271 04/12/1936 01/02/1991 6.92 6.92 1,858.68 5374 10/20/1941 08/13/1990 7.33 7.33 2,278.20 5701 10/17/1939 09/11/1995 2.25 2.25 508.08 0890 11/30/1948 02/04/1991 6.83 6.83 1,578.96 2096 10/25/1949 12/10/1990 7.00 7.00 2,465.28 5020 09/05/1949 01/31/1991 6.92 6.92 2,106.12 5157 12/15/1949 03/07/1991 6.75 6.75 2,269.32 5357 03/20/1949 11/23/1993 4.08 4.08 1,234.80 5664 09/11/1948 12/10/1990 7.00 7.00 2,197.44 K-111 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 6245 11/03/1952 05/28/1991 6.58 6.58 2,251.44 7407 11/06/1950 05/13/1996 1.58 1.58 429.36 9127 01/01/1951 07/10/1995 2.42 2.42 584.64 9971 05/16/1950 07/29/1991 6.42 6.42 1,809.96 6942 02/16/1958 04/13/1992 5.67 5.67 2,612.64 1408 06/17/1959 04/21/1992 5.67 5.67 5,801.04 6512 02/23/1962 04/04/1991 6.67 6.67 2,035.80 6908 02/03/1958 05/13/1991 6.58 6.58 1,876.92 1499 02/21/1969 02/29/1996 1.83 1.83 497.16 9378 10/27/1971 02/26/1996 1.83 1.83 497.16 1382 12/31/1958 01/12/1994 3.92 3.92 1,260.72 1624 10/05/1969 06/27/1991 4.67 4.67 1,184.88 3802 08/14/1959 01/02/1991 6.92 6.92 1,759.68 4970 07/13/1963 05/28/1991 6.58 6.58 1,725.12 0777 07/10/1962 03/04/1991 6.75 6.75 2,057.52 5323 07/24/1969 08/04/1993 4.33 4.33 1,254.48 5408 09/12/1969 04/15/1991 6.67 6.67 1,805.52 3956 10/28/1970 03/20/1991 6.75 6.75 1,922.64 9044 02/25/1975 03/25/1996 1.75 1.75 474.60 0248 01/05/1970 10/11/1993 4.17 4.17 1,223.64 9249 05/29/1972 08/23/1993 4.33 4.33 1,253.88 0943 11/15/1971 07/21/1991 6.42 6.42 1,881.72 9615 01/18/1937 06/06/1983 14.50 4.50 2,029.44 2722 07/10/1937 07/30/1991 6.42 6.42 1,516.08 4696 03/01/1935 12/10/1990 7.00 7.00 1,983.84 2673 12/10/1938 01/15/1996 1.92 1.92 403.68 4373 02/08/1938 12/10/1990 7.00 7.00 2,532.60 8929 03/21/1942 01/31/1991 6.92 6.92 2,074.92 9017 11/11/1943 06/03/1991 6.50 6.50 2,285.28 1827 07/08/1945 06/03/1991 6.50 6.50 2,322.36 1845 01/10/1946 09/19/1990 7.25 7.25 2,587.68 2094 02/09/1947 09/13/1993 4.25 4.25 991.08 2248 11/15/1945 03/14/1991 6.75 6.75 2,035.80 2302 07/04/1948 04/13/1993 4.67 4.67 1,504.80 2453 03/11/1948 01/28/1991 6.92 6.92 2,189.88 9511 03/03/1948 06/03/1991 6.50 6.50 1,952.40 0226 01/14/1952 12/10/1990 7.00 7.00 2,474.04 0544 03/06/1952 06/03/1991 6.50 6.50 1,871.64 0939 12/10/1951 09/17/1990 7.25 7.25 3,237.48 0944 12/11/1951 01/03/1991 6.92 6.92 2,818.80 1188 02/02/1951 02/20/1991 6.83 6.83 2,090.40 1621 05/14/1951 03/18/1991 6.75 6.75 2,559.12 1835 02/07/1954 03/14/1991 6.75 6.75 1,763.76 

K-112 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 7029 08/16/1953 03/04/1991 6.75 6.75 1,967.16 7030 08/30/1951 12/30/1996 1.00 1.00 219.96 8102 06/14/1950 07/21/1991 6.42 6.42 1,764.84 8144 05/22/1953 09/19/1990 7.25 7.25 2,204.04 7087 11/07/1952 08/11/1991 6.33 6.33 1,420.92 0182 01/01/1954 10/08/1993 4.17 4.17 1,194.60 0183 12/21/1953 03/07/1996 1.75 1.75 474.60 0187 04/15/1953 04/15/1991 6.67 6.67 1,952.64 0263 07/28/1954 02/26/1996 1.83 1.83 497.16 0563 09/12/1954 02/19/1991 6.83 6.83 1,837.44 0648 11/27/1955 02/04/1991 6.83 6.83 1,984.44 0916 02/11/1955 11/01/1993 4.17 4.17 1,246.32 1743 09/05/1953 02/29/1996 1.83 1.83 497.16 2403 06/27/1953 03/07/1996 1.75 1.75 474.60 8398 12/22/1954 04/16/1991 6.67 6.67 1,707.24 8551 07/21/1959 04/03/1991 6.67 6.67 1,863.36 8609 11/09/1949 03/18/1991 6.75 6.75 2,069.76 8505 11/26/1961 09/11/1995 2.25 2.25 492.00 8709 04/07/1958 01/04/1994 3.92 3.92 1,047.36 8718 12/05/1955 11/30/1993 4.08 4.08 1,249.44 2669 03/19/1955 07/01/1991 2.08 2.08 418.56 7484 11/16/1965 06/03/1994 3.50 3.50 876.96 8244 01/17/1960 05/28/1991 6.58 6.58 1,752.12 0793 11/03/1965 02/18/1991 6.83 6.83 2,557.80 2278 06/02/1961 01/15/1996 1.92 1.92 519.72 7828 02/21/1968 09/20/1993 4.25 4.25 1,245.00 3312 10/06/1971 09/27/1993 4.25 4.25 1,772.76 6913 11/15/1963 06/13/1991 6.50 6.50 1,854.96 8548 04/18/1964 07/18/1993 4.42 4.42 1,298.28 0196 11/30/1965 07/01/1991 6.42 6.42 1,840.32 7798 09/15/1965 07/29/1991 6.42 6.42 2,062.20 5864 10/13/1968 10/11/1993 4.17 4.17 1,207.80 0165 04/27/1970 02/26/1996 1.83 1.83 497.16 7281 11/01/1977 03/07/1996 1.75 1.75 474.60 9510 01/22/1945 07/28/1991 5.17 5.17 1,570.20 9156 08/28/1948 09/04/1990 7.25 7.25 3,781.20 1233 07/24/1951 07/29/1991 6.42 6.42 1,912.68 9475 03/21/1948 12/10/1990 7.00 7.00 2,032.08 9940 08/04/1953 03/04/1991 6.75 6.75 1,917.72 9667 05/24/1954 05/14/1979 18.58 18.58 12,463.68 3974 01/04/1958 02/29/1996 1.83 1.83 497.16 4271 05/04/1956 09/09/1992 5.25 5.25 1,518.84 4280 12/17/1957 01/03/1994 3.92 3.92 1,327.20 K-113 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 4305 07/26/1957 11/18/1993 4.08 4.08 1,184.40 4881 04/07/1956 04/11/1991 6.67 6.67 1,794.24 5841 10/26/1963 06/13/1991 6.50 6.50 2,128.92 2172 08/06/1960 06/27/1991 6.50 6.50 1,823.88 8101 03/07/1955 03/25/1996 1.75 1.75 474.60 2706 04/23/1956 03/04/1991 6.75 6.75 2,120.40 7743 02/15/1957 07/15/1991 5.17 5.17 1,936.08 2657 01/17/1970 04/04/1996 1.67 1.67 451.92 3578 03/05/1963 09/20/1993 4.25 4.25 1,234.20 6663 06/13/1960 05/28/1991 6.58 6.58 2,384.28 7323 10/27/1970 09/16/1993 4.25 4.25 1,224.60 8247 06/17/1960 06/10/1991 6.50 4.50 2,886.72 6266 03/21/1965 01/16/1995 2.92 2.92 648.60 9228 09/16/1965 01/09/1991 6.92 6.92 2,686.92 5335 05/25/1973 09/27/1993 4.25 4.25 1,234.44 7772 07/18/1966 02/29/1996 1.83 1.83 497.16 8696 11/02/1968 09/10/1988 9.25 9.25 2,178.96 2164 08/30/1966 07/08/1991 6.42 6.42 1,919.64 8595 09/07/1970 04/11/1996 1.67 1.67 451.92 9486 08/27/1968 03/18/1991 6.75 6.75 1,661.16 0957 07/10/1975 08/19/1993 4.33 4.33 1,250.40 3411 09/08/1969 07/28/1991 6.42 6.42 1,757.40 9871 11/26/1936 08/27/1993 4.33 4.33 1,521.12 4475 04/14/1973 07/31/1997 0.42 0.42 118.08 8211 06/17/1975 01/24/1994 3.92 3.92 1,167.24 5224 08/09/1940 07/15/1991 4.83 4.83 1,369.92 4750 01/06/1942 01/30/1991 6.92 6.92 2,271.36 5999 11/09/1944 09/19/1990 7.25 7.25 2,551.20 6443 05/26/1948 02/21/1991 6.83 6.83 1,981.80 4932 11/22/1947 02/29/1996 1.83 1.83 497.16 5111 05/16/1947 12/10/1990 7.00 7.00 2,037.96 0122 09/07/1946 10/29/1990 7.17 7.17 3,258.24 6749 12/07/1966 06/05/1994 3.50 3.50 1,027.32 0004 08/30/1966 05/30/1996 1.58 1.58 319.92 0867 06/08/1974 10/28/1993 4.17 4.17 1,127.76 1076 11/09/1962 01/30/1991 6.92 6.92 1,937.16 2840 01/29/1968 10/11/1993 4.17 4.17 1,179.24 2272 02/02/1973 07/04/1991 6.42 6.42 1,924.68 4711 10/19/1965 08/19/1993 4.33 4.33 1,236.36 5400 12/28/1968 08/19/1993 4.33 4.33 1,454.52 4827 10/28/1969 04/18/1991 6.67 6.67 1,960.56 1362 05/28/1973 04/11/1996 1.67 1.67 451.92 2201 11/30/1965 07/21/1991 6.42 6.42 1,940.16 

K-114 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 8471 10/22/1973 07/07/1994 3.42 3.42 1,025.16 6034 03/13/1972 11/21/1994 3.08 3.08 903.48 5728 08/20/1937 02/11/1991 6.83 6.83 1,956.72 1086 10/08/1939 12/10/1990 7.00 7.00 1,987.32 3859 12/17/1945 04/29/1991 6.67 6.67 1,936.20 4026 05/25/1943 04/29/1996 1.67 1.67 351.00 8713 08/09/1945 05/06/1994 1.33 1.33 365.52 0485 08/26/1947 11/19/1990 7.08 7.08 2,278.80 1767 06/16/1945 09/24/1990 7.25 7.25 3,203.64 1871 08/04/1947 03/04/1991 6.75 6.75 1,643.88 5596 01/18/1950 11/05/1993 4.08 4.08 1,180.68 7988 09/07/1956 03/15/1991 6.75 6.75 2,109.00 8662 07/05/1957 06/21/1991 6.50 6.50 1,744.08 5686 06/03/1955 08/26/1991 6.33 6.33 2,234.64 5718 04/07/1956 09/28/1992 5.25 5.25 1,269.60 6180 07/15/1955 05/13/1996 1.58 1.58 429.36 7262 03/08/1959 07/01/1991 6.50 6.50 1,935.36 7493 05/21/1955 04/13/1993 4.67 4.67 1,342.80 5908 11/27/1962 12/04/1989 8.00 8.00 1,785.36 6769 01/29/1964 07/02/1991 6.42 6.42 1,572.84 3503 04/14/1972 10/08/1993 4.17 4.17 1,239.00 1138 01/17/1961 05/13/1996 1.58 1.58 429.36 7581 09/21/1970 12/05/1994 3.00 3.00 795.24 8668 09/11/1971 06/27/1991 6.50 6.50 1,530.24 4987 10/15/1963 12/06/1993 4.00 4.00 1,444.32 1750 10/19/1967 01/28/1994 3.92 3.92 943.92 7287 10/11/1975 01/10/1994 3.92 3.92 1,160.76 7956 12/08/1937 07/28/1991 6.42 6.42 1,782.96 7893 02/10/1940 05/01/1988 9.67 4.50 1,428.48 8262 11/29/1942 03/14/1979 18.75 18.75 3,088.68 8963 10/28/1943 04/04/1991 6.67 6.67 1,935.72 7826 06/24/1944 05/02/1988 9.67 8.08 1,755.36 7385 05/15/1945 01/10/1983 14.92 8.08 3,809.88 7912 06/29/1948 07/01/1991 6.50 6.50 2,043.60 8674 11/14/1953 07/29/1991 6.42 6.42 1,654.80 8971 01/16/1957 08/23/1993 4.33 4.33 1,249.08 6293 04/15/1955 02/18/1991 6.83 6.83 1,465.68 6896 01/10/1958 06/27/1991 6.50 6.50 1,761.00 7081 01/12/1955 08/23/1995 2.33 2.33 603.36 7159 09/22/1956 08/19/1991 6.33 6.33 1,801.80 8435 05/14/1963 05/30/1996 1.58 1.58 357.00 0052 09/02/1943 05/27/1992 5.58 5.58 1,768.68 6673 06/13/1965 10/04/1993 2.92 2.92 756.72 K-115 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 3420 05/30/1968 02/29/1996 1.83 1.83 386.64 7819 06/15/1938 08/18/1987 10.33 10.33 6,860.52 7428 01/01/1962 02/14/1989 8.83 8.83 1,952.52 2262 10/07/1954 08/30/1996 1.33 1.33 294.96 7612 02/18/1963 06/01/1992 5.58 5.58 3,763.08 8785 10/30/1966 11/07/1996 1.08 1.08 276.60 8881 12/12/1943 11/20/1989 8.08 7.50 4,949.76 9111 12/24/1957 11/27/1989 8.08 8.08 4,190.28 7567 09/19/1942 04/03/1989 8.67 8.67 1,701.00 0651 10/23/1965 12/05/1994 3.00 3.00 1,456.44 4619 05/17/1970 05/08/1995 2.58 2.58 681.12 7099 05/07/1938 06/26/1995 2.50 2.50 1,837.32 8924 11/17/1975 09/20/1996 1.25 1.25 276.60 5961 07/08/1961 11/23/1994 3.08 3.08 725.04 7154 01/28/1956 08/18/1992 5.33 5.33 1,121.76 7768 07/04/1961 06/24/1988 9.50 5.50 2,266.56 8236 12/10/1941 01/26/1988 9.92 9.00 10,554.72 8862 02/03/1947 04/23/1996 1.67 1.67 384.84 3839 04/03/1943 12/16/1996 1.00 1.00 186.96 3947 08/14/1944 04/05/1989 8.67 8.67 1,852.68 1612 08/15/1962 11/09/1984 13.08 13.08 3,146.76 9919 07/08/1941 09/15/1988 9.25 9.25 3,096.00 3239 08/12/1965 01/15/1996 1.92 1.92 580.44 8157 05/18/1968 01/23/1996 1.92 1.92 409.08 6994 09/06/1961 05/04/1994 2.08 2.08 504.48 7580 04/12/1962 09/07/1993 4.25 4.25 1,959.96 5159 02/02/1957 12/11/1979 18.00 18.00 3,308.40 8430 08/24/1960 09/11/1989 8.25 8.25 2,200.32 6682 08/12/1952 09/12/1988 9.25 9.25 3,278.88 5309 04/05/1966 05/23/1994 3.58 3.58 863.76 7286 12/01/1948 10/11/1993 4.17 4.17 1,418.76 8386 05/07/1971 02/15/1993 4.83 4.83 1,615.32 9983 06/27/1967 02/17/1992 5.83 5.83 3,433.32 3888 02/14/1944 08/19/1979 18.33 18.33 3,500.76 2266 07/22/1965 03/01/1993 4.83 4.83 2,660.52 8628 11/16/1957 11/05/1993 4.08 4.08 1,204.08 1832 10/04/1961 10/19/1992 5.17 5.17 3,285.48 8707 04/05/1958 03/18/1996 1.75 1.75 430.44 3008 01/31/1962 10/18/1995 2.17 2.17 457.44 5628 06/04/1965 04/06/1993 4.67 4.67 1,101.96 1317 05/27/1948 01/25/1993 4.92 4.92 1,288.08 6231 03/29/1970 01/06/1992 5.92 5.92 3,079.80 3939 08/27/1956 07/28/1995 2.42 2.42 600.60 

K-116 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 7861 07/21/1960 11/01/1979 18.17 8.08 2,505.00 7642 03/04/1935 03/04/1974 23.75 23.75 20,163.96 1467 02/11/1949 09/02/1996 1.25 1.25 262.92 4310 09/01/1939 04/27/1959 38.67 38.67 9,417.96 6212 06/04/1967 05/29/1990 7.58 7.58 4,179.84 2059 04/09/1944 01/25/1990 7.92 7.92 2,214.24 6229 08/08/1955 03/09/1989 8.75 8.75 2,020.20 3656 07/02/1948 05/30/1989 8.58 8.58 1,930.80 9238 02/01/1944 08/25/1988 9.33 9.00 2,412.24 3797 05/11/1954 03/22/1993 4.75 4.75 1,432.56 4003 06/28/1968 01/03/1995 2.92 2.92 753.48 2041 12/10/1950 06/25/1995 2.50 2.50 546.84 9256 10/16/1936 09/03/1991 6.25 6.25 1,917.84 6201 02/05/1958 09/14/1988 9.25 9.00 2,507.88 1234 05/18/1958 09/25/1995 2.25 2.25 480.72 6052 05/31/1965 07/17/1995 2.42 2.42 1,190.40 9270 04/22/1972 12/16/1996 1.00 1.00 210.60 3220 09/04/1963 07/27/1988 9.42 1.50 396.60 3759 10/27/1959 06/28/1996 1.50 1.50 315.72 2817 10/20/1961 08/13/1990 7.33 7.33 2,237.40 1074 11/07/1970 01/11/1993 4.92 4.92 1,195.08 2908 02/10/1951 02/22/1993 4.83 4.83 1,769.52 6399 11/19/1961 11/08/1993 4.08 4.08 1,041.48 1210 09/10/1969 11/11/1996 1.08 1.08 251.76 2254 09/26/1961 09/18/1995 2.25 2.25 1,306.92 5791 10/31/1963 11/20/1995 2.08 2.08 446.28 8253 01/15/1941 05/02/1988 9.58 9.58 2,399.88 2008 05/25/1955 09/25/1996 1.25 1.25 247.68 6841 10/25/1975 05/08/1995 2.58 2.58 757.68 2713 03/21/1964 07/24/1995 2.42 2.42 510.96 0663 03/02/1973 12/06/1994 3.00 3.00 596.28 1069 10/13/1977 04/11/1996 1.66 1.66 451.92 9611 07/27/1958 01/08/1994 3.92 3.92 1,176.48 7224 12/09/1973 02/15/1993 4.83 4.83 1,397.64 1432 07/03/1940 01/03/1995 2.92 2.92 672.72 9068 06/06/1967 02/26/1996 1.83 1.83 497.16 4330 10/03/1954 03/24/1995 2.75 2.75 562.32 0616 07/07/1963 06/24/1991 6.50 6.50 1,452.96 0767 08/19/1964 05/18/1995 2.58 2.58 712.32 1151 03/05/1957 11/14/1989 8.08 8.08 2,189.88 6367 08/14/1965 08/25/1992 5.33 5.33 978.72 4779 06/09/1968 01/07/1992 5.92 5.92 1,227.36 5861 03/01/1948 10/22/1984 13.17 13.17 3,136.80 K-117 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 1848 10/26/1969 01/03/1995 1.58 1.58 390.72 1305 05/22/1939 12/06/1993 4.00 4.00 1,750.44 5283 04/15/1946 06/12/1995 2.50 2.50 488.76 3631 06/04/1972 11/14/1994 3.08 3.08 899.88 1465 06/28/1970 05/29/1995 2.58 2.58 642.24 7381 10/03/1964 03/03/1992 5.75 5.75 1,819.32 3305 09/20/1967 01/22/1990 7.92 7.92 1,844.04 3695 09/15/1959 01/28/1991 6.92 6.92 1,643.16 9899 01/25/1951 03/22/1982 15.75 15.75 3,262.32 5646 05/25/1955 03/05/1990 7.75 7.75 1,823.04 5001 08/06/1955 09/28/1981 16.25 16.25 4,103.40 6267 02/24/1965 10/07/1996 1.17 1.17 268.44 0669 04/27/1974 07/14/1995 0.25 0.25 62.40 4372 11/14/1951 11/13/1996 1.08 1.08 214.68 6162 01/21/1943 09/11/1989 8.25 8.25 5,368.20 6739 01/23/1957 06/12/1984 13.50 13.50 2,788.44 4858 10/04/1957 12/07/1987 8.08 8.08 1,887.84 8914 03/02/1963 03/20/1989 8.75 8.75 1,703.76 3151 05/09/1967 02/21/1996 1.83 1.83 393.24 4409 04/29/1971 06/17/1993 4.50 4.50 1,511.76 6884 06/01/1966 11/23/1994 3.08 3.08 459.24 6231 06/23/1972 10/02/1995 2.17 2.17 1,047.60 5745 11/11/1968 10/25/1993 4.17 4.17 1,065.60 1785 03/14/1965 08/03/1995 2.33 2.33 427.08 0015 02/11/1970 09/13/1993 4.25 1.50 272.52 9712 08/06/1971 04/30/1993 4.67 4.67 1,249.08 6649 11/21/1968 12/18/1995 2.00 2.00 485.40 1700 03/11/1969 11/22/1993 4.08 4.08 1,019.04 4954 03/26/1969 02/23/1993 4.83 4.83 1,466.40 1836 06/30/1967 08/23/1988 4.58 4.58 994.08 0871 11/15/1956 05/13/1992 5.58 5.58 1,162.68 1593 03/08/1972 05/29/1990 7.58 7.58 2,074.80 0654 05/21/1955 04/15/1992 5.67 5.67 1,160.28 7363 10/20/1971 07/11/1990 7.42 7.42 1,687.68 2484 01/13/1962 07/30/1990 7.42 7.42 2,151.12 3931 09/02/1969 10/17/1990 7.17 7.17 1,428.84 0139 10/15/1944 05/07/1989 8.58 8.58 1,675.08 1644 04/15/1967 08/18/1993 4.33 4.33 1,139.64 

K-118 APPENDIX A TO PART A OF SUPPLEMENT K Provisions Relating to NTX Plan Participants Previously Participating in the SLC Benefits Part of the Prior SLC Plan A-1. Introduction. This Appendix A to Part A of Supplement K to the Plan shall apply to Transferred Participants (as defined in Part A) who prior to their transfer had accrued benefits under the SLC Benefits Part of the Prior Plan. Such Participants are referred to herein as Appendix A Participants. Each Appendix A Participant s accrued benefit under the SLC Benefits Part of the Prior Plan (subject to any applicable minimum benefits under such Part) is referred to herein as such Participant s SLC Benefit. This Appendix sets forth certain special provisions applicable to the payment of SLC Benefits to Appendix A Participants, which benefits are set forth on Exhibit I to this Appendix A. In no event shall the amount of an Appendix A Participant s SLC Benefit hereunder be less than the benefit such Participant would have received, as of January 1, 1998, under the Prior Plan based on the terms of such plan as in effect immediately before January 1, 1998. A-2. NTX Participant s Benefit at Early Retirement Date. An Appendix A Participant shall be eligible to receive a monthly pension under the Plan on account of retirement before Normal Retirement Date in accordance with paragraph 7 of Part A. The amount of such pension shall include the amount of the Appendix A Participant s SLC Benefit. The Appendix A Participant s SLC Benefit shall be reduced in accordance with subsection 4.3 of the Plan if the date of commencement of such pension precedes the first day of the month coincident with or next following the month in which the Appendix A Participant attains age 62. A-3. Pre-Retirement Death Benefits. The surviving Spouse s benefit payable to the surviving Spouse of an Appendix A Participant pursuant to paragraph 10 of Part A shall include such Participant s SLC Benefit, subject to the following: (a) If the Appendix A Participant s death occurs while in the employ of an Employer or Controlled Group Member (or after he or she has ceased active employment on account of Total Disability) and after the Appendix A Participant has completed five Years of Service or attained age 65, then a death benefit shall be payable under this paragraph (a) in lieu of the benefit described in paragraph (b) below. This benefit shall be based on the Appendix A Participant s SLC Benefit, and shall be subject to the provisions of subsection 4.7 of the Plan and paragraph K- 8 of Supplement K to the Plan except as follows: K-119 (i) The lump sum shall be payable pursuant to paragraph K-8 of Supplement K to the Plan, but without regard to the 10,000 maximum specified in subparagraph K-8(c)(i) thereof. (ii) The Appendix A Participant s surviving Spouse shall have a period of 180 days within which to elect payment of a lump sum in lieu of the monthly survivor annuity, in the event of the Appendix A Participant s death before his or her earliest commencement date as determined under subsection 5.6 of the Plan. The surviving Spouse may also elect the lump sum form on or after the date that would have been such Appendix A Participant s earliest commencement date. (iii) If the Appendix A Participant is entitled to benefits under both Part A and Part B to Supplement K, the Appendix A Participant shall be required to name the same beneficiary of the death benefit with respect to both Parts. (b) If the Appendix A Participant s death occurs after incurring a termination of employment with all Employers and Controlled Group Members, a surviving Spouse s benefit shall be payable based on the Appendix A Participant s SLC Benefit, subject to the provisions of subsection 4.6 of the Plan, unless a lump sum benefit is payable pursuant to paragraph K-8 of Supplement K. If the Appendix A Participant s Spouse is eligible to elect payment of the surviving Spouse s benefit in the form of a lump sum distribution under paragraph K-8, the Appendix A Participant s Spouse may commence immediate payment of the Spouse s benefit in the form of a lump sum or an annuity. A-4. Payment of Deferred Vested Benefits. Notwithstanding paragraph 8 of Part A, an Appendix A Participant who is entitled to a monthly deferred vested benefit under the Plan may elect to receive his or her SLC Benefit as of the first day of any month after he or she attains age 55 years without regard to whether he or she has completed 10 Years of Vesting Service. Such benefit shall be reduced by the applicable factors specified in subsection 4.5 of the Plan. 

K-120 EXHIBIT I TO APPENDIX A TO PART A SUPPLEMENT K Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 2090 02/14/1944 07/01/1962 26.83 26.83 8,929.80 1090 01/10/1943 12/30/1985 12.00 12.00 32,276.52 5007 05/02/1938 01/22/1979 18.92 18.92 27,543.00 4199 10/11/1954 12/01/1995 2.08 2.08 4,924.44 K-121 APPENDIX B TO PART A OF SUPPLEMENT K Provisions Relating to Former Employees of Champion Products, Inc. Gaffney, South Carolina Location B-1. Introduction. This Appendix B to Part A of Supplement K to the Plan shall apply to certain participants (the Appendix B Participants for whom assets were transferred from the Prior Plan to the NTX Plan in connection with their transfer of employment to NTX, effective as of October 31, 1998 (the Transfer Date ). This Appendix sets forth certain special provisions applicable to the benefits accrued by the Appendix B Participants prior to the Transfer Date under the Prior Plan (including any applicable minimum benefits thereunder) (hereinafter the Transferred Benefit ). In no event shall the amount of an Appendix B Participant s Transferred Benefit hereunder be less than the benefit such Participant would have received under the Prior Plan based on the terms of such plan as in effect immediately before the Transfer Date. B-2. Retirement Benefits. An Appendix B Participant s retirement benefit shall equal the sum of the following: (a) Transferred Benefits. In addition to any benefits accrued under Part A, an Appendix B Participant s normal benefit shall include the amount of each Appendix B Participant s Transferred Benefit as set forth on Exhibit I to this Appendix B; provided, however, that if the Committee determines that any amount set forth in such schedule has been incorrectly calculated, for whatever reason, the correct amount shall be the amount payable or credited to such Appendix B Participant, notwithstanding the inclusion of such incorrect amount on such Exhibit. (b) Future Benefit Accruals. For purposes of determining an Appendix B Participant s benefits, the following special rules shall apply: (i) Credited Service. Each Appendix B Participant in the Plan shall receive credit for all service credited under the Prior Plan. (ii) Compensation. Solely for purposes of determining the benefit accruals of Appendix B Participants under Part A for the 1998 and 1999 calendar years, compensation paid by Sara Lee Corporation or its affiliates during the prior calendar year shall be treated as paid by an Employer. 

K-122 EXHIBIT I TO APPENDIX B TO PART A SUPPLEMENT K Provisions Relating to Former Employees of Champion Products, Inc. Gaffney, South Carolina location Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 2906 08/01/1956 10/19/1992 5.17 1.50 216.96 3523 08/07/1953 01/03/1979 18.17 18.17 6,446.28 9976 05/29/1967 10/24/1995 2.17 1.50 367.68 3598 04/22/1951 01/13/1992 5.92 1.50 347.88 4620 06/28/1957 07/15/1991 6.42 1.50 349.08 7619 03/23/1956 01/30/1990 7.92 7.92 2,726.28 8591 10/28/1955 06/28/1983 14.50 1.50 569.16 748 11/06/1963 11/18/1991 6.08 1.50 608.88 6120 06/19/1930 11/20/1967 30.08 1.50 531.96 5711 04/28/1947 12/01/1965 32.08 8.08 6,380.76 7425 05/16/1963 02/26/1990 7.83 7.83 4,283.88 4836 05/10/1944 04/01/1991 6.75 4.50 6,420.48 0634 07/04/1951 07/08/1980 17.42 8.08 4,941.36 6067 04/30/1962 04/17/1995 2.67 1.50 237.00 1320 01/17/1942 07/17/1992 5.42 1.50 308.88 1392 05/25/1976 07/22/1996 1.42 1.42 290.28 0860 06/30/1961 10/24/1986 11.17 4.50 3,559.56 8316 04/07/1963 04/07/1988 9.67 9.67 2,750.52 2155 03/16/1965 08/28/1992 5.33 4.50 1,160.64 0091 01/27/1965 10/14/1996 1.75 1.75 422.76 6928 05/28/1950 09/14/1992 5.25 1.50 306.12 5059 03/12/1964 07/21/1986 11.42 11.42 2,689.20 2540 09/29/1960 12/08/1992 5.00 2.50 905.16 2191 06/06/1946 02/15/1988 9.83 4.50 2,405.64 2053 11/22/1959 04/09/1990 7.67 1.50 333.36 4539 05/03/1962 08/08/1989 8.33 1.50 340.68 1791 06/14/1964 12/26/1989 8.00 4.50 1,886.04 5863 04/18/1959 03/24/1980 17.75 1.50 231.24 2544 07/23/1970 03/29/1995 2.75 1.50 328.68 5653 04/10/1975 08/01/1995 2.42 1.50 311.40 9435 01/03/1969 06/22/1988 6.33 4.50 1,893.60 7429 03/07/1944 05/17/1982 15.58 15.58 7,439.88 3633 01/05/1950 11/29/1972 25.08 25.08 10,793.04 1241 01/16/1974 05/11/1995 2.58 1.50 383.16 If it is determined that any amount set forth in this schedule is incorrect (for whatever reason), the amount payable to the Participant shall be the corrected amount. K-123 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 1328 09/05/1971 11/20/1991 6.08 1.50 499.92 8613 09/08/1943 06/27/1990 7.50 1.50 391.20 2755 02/29/1952 03/24/1980 17.75 1.50 437.88 3746 12/12/1968 09/29/1993 4.25 1.50 312.36 7011 05/19/1969 03/18/1993 4.75 4.50 1,269.36 5141 09/13/1930 10/22/1979 18.17 1.50 261.36 0589 10/15/1948 05/09/1995 2.58 1.50 315.00 1713 09/04/1956 10/08/1991 6.17 6.17 2,733.12 0899 05/26/1964 07/20/1992 5.42 1.50 273.48 8019 10/04/1953 04/17/1990 7.67 1.50 344.40 8432 01/20/1955 08/21/1996 1.33 1.33 353.28 9744 09/03/1955 05/09/1995 2.58 1.50 299.04 2396 05/12/1951 10/11/1988 9.17 1.50 229.32 2490 04/24/1955 08/04/1995 2.33 1.50 338.64 2928 05/09/1961 05/27/1980 17.58 1.50 612.60 3450 04/01/1959 10/18/1989 8.17 1.50 280.80 6336 12/11/1958 04/05/1988 9.67 1.50 306.36 6521 03/19/1959 01/29/1979 18.92 4.50 3,630.60 6656 05/06/1955 07/25/1995 2.42 1.50 313.80 6801 02/02/1956 02/18/1980 17.83 1.50 667.56 7190 07/23/1958 05/04/1990 7.58 1.50 567.48 9937 04/04/1959 02/15/1994 3.83 1.50 288.96 1904 11/11/1961 03/14/1994 3.75 1.50 443.28 2447 11/28/1959 05/01/1989 8.67 1.50 362.04 8957 06/30/1971 08/08/1994 0.92 0.92 199.44 9272 03/08/1959 08/10/1992 5.33 1.50 297.12 0637 05/17/1960 07/21/1986 11.42 1.50 320.52 7583 07/09/1967 10/14/1996 1.17 1.17 281.76 4968 12/22/1963 06/05/1992 5.50 1.50 233.04 7939 01/03/1960 12/01/1992 5.08 1.50 380.16 0245 10/09/1965 01/20/1992 6.00 1.58 438.24 1220 10/27/1962 08/07/1992 5.33 1.50 311.52 7415 03/14/1971 01/04/1993 4.92 0.58 133.44 6078 06/26/1964 02/27/1989 8.83 1.50 304.92 2075 02/22/1966 11/17/1994 3.08 1.50 278.52 0003 03/23/1970 07/26/1995 2.42 1.50 374.16 4410 03/19/1970 10/18/1993 4.17 1.50 292.44 7547 05/01/1969 01/29/1992 5.92 1.50 309.60 8067 02/04/1969 05/27/1992 5.58 1.50 510.00 8475 11/13/1968 04/14/1992 5.67 1.50 410.28 2325 01/16/1966 11/29/1994 3.08 1.50 323.40 3532 05/15/1934 08/31/1981 16.33 1.50 305.16 1608 04/13/1966 09/18/1991 6.25 1.50 279.36 4853 12/15/1968 08/20/1990 7.33 1.50 497.52 5258 06/08/1970 01/02/1996 1.92 1.92 488.40 7759 10/20/1940 04/05/1979 18.67 1.50 306.72 

K-124 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 7067 05/04/1940 04/05/1995 2.67 1.50 275.04 7415 11/12/1970 10/01/1993 4.25 1.50 588.72 3697 10/21/1946 10/05/1992 5.17 1.50 308.64 3910 04/12/1949 05/07/1984 13.58 1.50 332.04 0380 08/29/1950 04/21/1988 9.67 1.50 322.20 6697 10/16/1951 10/12/1995 2.17 1.50 321.36 0125 10/31/1953 03/14/1979 18.75 1.50 693.48 0210 08/21/1942 02/12/1979 18.83 1.50 341.88 1690 02/15/1951 04/08/1991 6.67 1.50 324.24 1727 08/01/1956 03/16/1981 16.75 1.50 346.44 3394 03/18/1953 01/13/1992 5.92 1.50 250.68 3711 03/11/1950 09/15/1986 11.25 1.50 425.28 6206 05/06/1951 05/22/1979 18.58 1.50 393.84 6221 06/13/1952 08/30/1993 4.33 1.50 433.44 6533 03/01/1954 02/21/1990 7.83 1.50 315.96 2935 01/07/1957 02/13/1995 2.83 1.50 562.08 4063 11/08/1952 04/02/1979 18.75 1.50 378.24 4678 08/20/1951 08/15/1979 18.33 1.50 307.68 0685 04/12/1962 08/10/1981 16.42 1.58 407.28 2247 04/29/1956 01/17/1989 8.92 1.50 546.84 2388 07/27/1964 07/30/1981 13.42 4.50 2,967.36 5292 08/31/1962 06/07/1983 14.50 1.50 580.44 0542 10/14/1969 05/15/1995 2.58 1.50 362.04 6075 06/16/1973 10/12/1995 2.17 1.50 256.08 6160 01/20/1962 08/05/1996 1.33 1.33 294.72 4969 12/08/1957 08/24/1992 5.33 1.50 232.44 3317 05/06/1964 06/12/1989 8.50 1.50 473.28 3852 03/02/1962 04/20/1993 4.67 1.50 357.24 5500 02/09/1961 09/01/1995 2.33 2.33 1,060.68 1427 07/25/1964 05/15/1995 2.58 1.50 305.64 5257 05/14/1966 05/03/1995 2.58 1.50 215.29 7564 09/22/1959 08/01/1992 5.42 1.50 335.28 9820 03/22/1961 10/27/1987 10.17 1.50 316.56 5493 12/25/1963 08/31/1993 4.33 1.50 300.60 1708 07/29/1961 12/29/1986 11.00 1.50 351.60 9026 03/19/1965 04/27/1992 5.67 1.50 407.16 0343 12/31/1961 10/24/1990 7.17 1.50 229.80 9428 06/24/1965 08/12/1988 9.33 1.50 375.48 0639 03/10/1967 05/29/1989 8.58 1.50 395.52 0242 05/07/1966 04/23/1990 7.67 1.50 304.44 6736 08/11/1971 08/19/1996 1.33 1.33 384.84 1560 10/05/1937 06/29/1989 8.50 1.50 571.20 2120 05/11/1968 05/11/1992 5.58 4.50 1,044.24 4903 09/10/1969 10/13/1987 10.17 1.50 325.92 6757 10/05/1966 05/08/1995 2.58 1.50 307.92 7143 10/24/1968 08/08/1988 9.33 1.50 323.16 K-125 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 3180 04/24/1968 10/25/1995 2.17 1.50 256.68 6316 07/16/1970 02/13/1989 8.83 1.50 335.04 8819 11/09/1969 11/21/1988 9.08 1.50 333.36 1175 10/14/1971 06/01/1993 4.58 1.50 286.44 6918 06/07/1941 01/29/1979 18.92 1.50 316.68 5933 05/09/1947 06/10/1981 16.50 1.50 294.60 6166 10/16/1947 08/19/1987 10.33 1.50 312.36 6828 09/20/1943 03/12/1990 7.75 1.50 362.40 7360 05/12/1945 04/12/1993 4.67 1.50 276.72 5358 09/28/1947 07/20/1992 5.42 4.50 1,063.56 6639 11/19/1946 01/02/1979 19.00 1.50 313.56 0096 03/21/1948 05/08/1989 8.58 1.50 441.00 0422 12/06/1947 01/02/1996 1.92 1.92 392.64 1628 06/13/1947 06/23/1980 17.50 1.50 401.16 1642 04/11/1948 08/31/1988 9.33 4.50 1,664.04 2019 06/09/1947 10/27/1993 4.17 1.50 336.72 2466 04/29/1946 11/04/1988 9.08 1.50 334.56 8219 01/12/1945 01/02/1979 19.00 1.50 388.08 8014 09/19/1958 08/08/1979 18.33 1.50 297.60 0179 03/01/1950 04/10/1979 18.67 1.50 293.64 1252 01/17/1952 04/28/1980 17.67 1.50 357.60 6744 01/07/1951 01/29/1979 18.92 4.50 1,245.84 0248 10/28/1950 04/16/1984 13.67 1.50 320.52 6874 11/14/1955 07/03/1995 2.42 1.50 357.36 8300 11/25/1957 06/08/1992 5.50 1.50 430.20 5121 10/31/1954 02/21/1994 3.83 3.83 972.48 5029 08/15/1957 07/07/1992 5.42 1.50 342.96 5743 07/14/1957 05/02/1995 0.17 0.17 40.32 6930 11/15/1956 12/17/1980 17.00 1.50 280.20 1540 07/13/1958 03/06/1995 2.75 1.50 544.80 8247 02/04/1957 12/16/1985 12.00 1.50 321.72 2386 04/20/1964 11/02/1993 4.17 1.50 425.52 4324 03/07/1972 10/10/1991 6.17 1.50 464.40 4741 05/08/1966 04/24/1995 2.67 1.50 181.05 7079 01/30/1961 01/27/1988 9.92 1.50 382.56 7594 05/05/1959 09/29/1986 11.25 1.50 327.60 7997 08/25/1963 10/24/1985 12.17 1.50 334.68 1742 05/30/1963 12/07/1992 5.00 1.50 330.00 2648 06/30/1961 09/16/1991 6.25 1.50 493.44 4672 01/02/1964 01/08/1992 5.92 1.50 341.16 2855 02/17/1966 12/08/1991 6.00 1.50 297.36 5843 12/05/1966 04/17/1995 2.67 1.50 302.76 2415 10/29/1966 11/04/1991 6.08 1.50 206.76 9458 08/27/1971 08/10/1992 5.33 1.50 404.76 8220 06/15/1969 03/25/1991 6.75 1.50 309.12 3899 10/22/1937 10/03/1983 14.17 1.50 483.84 

K-126 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 4076 01/24/1969 09/27/1988 9.25 1.50 352.80 8413 06/04/1974 08/21/1993 4.33 1.50 302.88 9802 10/07/1942 08/15/1979 18.33 1.50 412.80 1322 11/28/1946 04/12/1979 18.67 1.50 278.52 1494 07/21/1949 07/07/1992 5.42 1.50 379.20 7867 06/05/1946 04/02/1979 18.75 1.50 246.72 7977 03/17/1947 04/17/1989 8.67 1.50 396.12 8123 10/11/1949 08/06/1979 18.33 1.50 276.84 8233 07/19/1946 11/25/1986 11.08 1.50 463.08 9006 08/23/1947 01/05/1987 10.92 4.50 1,111.56 9863 08/17/1947 10/11/1993 4.17 1.50 292.44 9626 09/21/1945 09/21/1981 16.25 4.50 1,338.00 9936 08/02/1949 06/10/1991 6.50 4.50 2,862.48 5713 08/26/1950 03/19/1980 17.75 1.50 315.12 5722 03/30/1952 11/07/1985 12.08 1.50 380.52 5753 05/31/1954 10/25/1991 6.17 1.50 405.60 6831 03/07/1950 05/21/1984 13.58 1.50 410.88 7159 07/07/1964 01/17/1987 10.92 1.50 573.36 7724 03/27/1952 03/19/1990 7.75 1.50 331.32 7776 06/24/1958 09/05/1995 2.25 1.50 271.20 8785 05/09/1969 04/26/1988 9.67 1.50 311.40 1848 03/09/1965 10/23/1995 2.17 1.50 316.68 4490 11/15/1957 05/07/1981 16.58 1.50 304.68 0686 08/08/1965 03/29/1995 2.75 1.50 336.36 3522 07/08/1957 10/19/1987 10.17 1.50 435.00 0230 01/27/1973 10/14/1996 1.17 1.17 281.76 4790 06/05/1958 10/29/1991 6.17 1.50 255.72 9481 09/14/1962 12/01/1980 17.00 2.42 864.00 0006 01/04/1967 12/09/1985 12.00 1.50 439.80 0092 05/19/1962 06/22/1992 5.50 1.50 705.12 0238 11/04/1965 05/08/1989 8.58 1.50 295.68 4349 01/28/1977 08/05/1996 1.33 1.33 253.08 3031 09/21/1965 10/10/1988 9.17 1.50 521.40 3872 10/07/1965 09/04/1995 2.25 2.25 1,104.60 8906 11/03/1969 10/09/1995 2.17 1.50 323.88 8073 07/12/1970 06/27/1990 7.50 1.50 240.00 6156 10/14/1937 02/20/1989 8.83 4.50 1,847.16 6844 09/25/1939 05/04/1981 16.58 4.50 2,441.40 4199 01/06/1971 09/14/1992 5.25 1.50 471.36 4401 10/30/1971 05/01/1995 2.67 1.50 263.16 4312 07/07/1970 01/13/1992 5.92 1.50 299.88 0239 10/10/1936 10/06/1980 17.17 1.50 358.20 0353 07/26/1940 08/06/1984 13.33 1.50 451.56 8750 07/30/1942 04/12/1979 18.67 1.50 307.44 0023 06/03/1941 03/26/1984 13.75 1.50 278.52 1231 09/03/1942 11/06/1989 8.08 1.50 400.80 K-127 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 2236 10/23/1942 08/07/1989 8.33 1.50 374.64 2491 09/27/1943 03/12/1984 13.75 1.50 299.04 1620 11/26/1944 10/25/1979 18.17 1.50 258.00 9649 01/05/1949 02/29/1988 9.83 1.50 275.52 9031 06/02/1952 10/15/1987 10.17 1.50 364.92 9167 10/20/1951 10/14/1993 4.17 1.50 320.04 5354 01/28/1955 03/03/1980 17.75 4.50 2,828.52 4523 03/06/1964 04/03/1995 2.67 1.50 264.72 6383 02/28/1961 11/07/1985 12.08 1.50 336.36 9803 05/30/1960 08/13/1981 16.33 1.50 297.72 2301 04/30/1957 10/10/1983 14.17 1.50 336.60 9743 04/08/1973 01/26/1993 4.92 1.50 316.08 9483 02/22/1959 09/30/1986 11.25 1.50 607.92 1806 11/21/1974 07/24/1995 2.42 1.50 229.56 2594 09/07/1969 06/04/1992 0.75 0.75 198.96 5981 03/12/1961 05/29/1995 2.58 1.50 192.24 0572 11/10/1960 08/07/1979 18.33 1.50 296.64 6188 06/02/1960 05/08/1995 2.58 1.50 352.92 7504 09/23/1961 04/10/1995 2.67 1.50 294.72 8569 01/25/1974 11/13/1995 2.08 1.50 348.60 9918 09/13/1963 05/07/1990 7.58 1.50 576.72 3746 07/07/1962 09/08/1981 16.25 1.50 444.60 3060 09/01/1963 06/18/1989 8.50 1.50 468.48 5519 02/01/1967 02/10/1993 4.75 0.58 141.00 1038 08/29/1968 03/29/1993 4.75 1.50 422.52 7692 05/18/1965 07/03/1995 2.42 1.50 252.12 4177 07/01/1965 11/01/1992 5.17 4.50 1,415.64 6792 11/04/1969 11/12/1991 6.08 1.50 298.92 1858 04/17/1971 08/24/1992 5.33 1.50 366.24 5843 08/24/1938 07/31/1986 11.42 1.50 468.96 4483 01/17/1971 03/27/1995 2.75 1.50 267.72 3619 04/12/1973 06/26/1995 2.50 1.50 278.64 0662 02/14/1945 06/19/1989 8.50 1.50 335.88 0194 06/25/1946 04/30/1990 7.67 1.50 251.40 1079 12/13/1943 05/21/1984 13.58 1.50 280.92 7585 05/06/1947 08/17/1987 10.33 4.50 1,035.00 2756 10/20/1954 04/09/1979 18.67 1.50 297.36 3974 04/24/1952 09/18/1979 18.25 1.50 493.08 4229 03/10/1953 05/15/1989 8.58 1.50 390.72 7512 07/22/1952 12/07/1992 5.00 1.50 382.92 7777 06/03/1954 06/08/1992 5.50 1.50 269.64 8429 08/13/1951 08/26/1980 17.33 1.50 290.28 8573 03/07/1954 07/16/1990 7.42 1.50 316.56 9247 04/20/1953 10/18/1993 4.17 1.50 446.28 2216 06/06/1952 09/04/1995 2.25 2.25 1,769.04 8895 01/30/1954 03/21/1995 2.75 1.50 323.40 

K-128 Last Four Digits of Social Security Number Date of Birth Date of Hire 12/31/97 Vesting Service 12/31/97 Credited Service 12/31/97 Annual Accrued Benefit 6745 03/28/1963 07/10/1989 8.42 4.50 1,564.56 6852 08/20/1962 04/18/1988 9.67 1.50 518.16 8086 11/13/1948 03/21/1977 20.75 20.75 10,387.56 5314 12/21/1956 04/22/1990 7.67 4.50 5,446.92 0410 09/02/1944 03/08/1989 8.75 1.50 310.92 8784 07/27/1947 03/01/1989 8.83 8.83 5,055.36 7164 06/02/1963 05/09/1989 8.58 1.50 551.76 0317 10/14/1950 01/29/1979 18.92 1.50 331.80 5119 09/28/1958 06/27/1990 7.50 1.50 237.96 8693 11/24/1942 04/05/1993 4.67 1.50 290.28 6979 01/15/1950 03/20/1990 7.75 1.50 331.20 0081 06/29/1935 04/14/1992 5.67 1.50 286.56 8836 11/09/1950 03/20/1990 5.00 1.50 304.20 9615 01/18/1937 06/06/1983 14.50 4.50 2,029.44 8247 06/17/1960 06/10/1991 6.50 4.50 2,886.72 3220 09/04/1963 07/27/1988 9.42 1.50 396.60 0015 02/11/1970 09/13/1993 4.25 1.50 272.52 K-129 PART B TO SUPPLEMENT K Provisions Relating to Cash Balance Benefits 1. Introduction. Part B of Supplement K to the Plan shall apply to all NTX Plan participants on and after January 1, 1998 except hourly employees at a facility previously owned by China Grove Textiles, Inc. Benefits accrued under Part B shall be provided in addition to any benefits earned under Part A. 2. Normal Benefit. The normal benefit under this Part B of the Plan is a monthly retirement income commencing on the NTX Participant s Normal Retirement Date and payable during his or her lifetime based upon his or her Cash Balance Benefit. Each NTX Participant shall have a Cash Balance consisting of the sum of his or her Benefit Credits and Interest Credits, defined and determined as set forth below; however, such Cash Balance shall not be less than the aggregate amount of Benefit Credits credited to the Participant s Cash Balance. Upon a NTX Participant s Separation Date, his or her Cash Balance shall be converted to his or her Cash Balance Benefit. (a) Benefit Credits. The Benefit Credit for any calendar year for each NTX Participant accruing Credited Service during such calendar year means an amount equal to four percent of his or her Compensation for such year. For the Plan Year beginning on January 1, 1998, NTX Participants shall be entitled to Benefit Credits based on their entire Compensation from an Employer during 1998. If a NTX Participant terminates employment with all Controlled Group Members before the end of that calendar year, the Benefit Credit described in the immediately preceding sentence shall be made as of the NTX Participant s Separation Date. No NTX Participant shall receive a Benefit Credit in a calendar year in which he or she does not accrue any Credited Service. Effective on and after January 1, 2003, no additional Benefit Credits shall be credited to any NTX Participant. (b) Interest Credits. As of the last day of each calendar year, the NTX Participant s Cash Balance as of that date (reduced by his or her Benefit Credit, if any, for that calendar year) shall be credited with interest (the Interest Credit equal to (i) the greater of the annual rate of interest on 30-year Treasury securities published for the month of October or November in the immediately preceding calendar year; provided, however, that the interest rate shall not be less than 5.5 percent per annum, but not greater than (ii) the third segment rate described in Section 430(h)(2)(c)(iii) of the Code for the month of September in the immediately preceding calendar year with stabilization described in Section 430(h)(2)(c)(iv) of the Code; 

K-130 provided, however, that (iii) the interest rate shall not be less than 4 percent per annum. (c) A NTX Participant s accrued benefit is a monthly benefit (the Cash Balance Benefit ), commencing at his or her Normal Retirement Age, calculated by projecting the NTX Participant s Cash Balance to Normal Retirement Age with interest at the Interest Crediting Rate in effect at the date of determination and converting the projected account to an Actuarially Equivalent benefit payable at Normal Retirement Age. If the NTX Participant s age is equal to or greater than Normal Retirement Age, the accrued benefit is the Actuarial Equivalent of the NTX Participant s account. For purposes of this paragraph, Actuarial Equivalents shall be determined in accordance with paragraph K-10(b) of Supplement K and subsection 2.2 of the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a NTX Participant s Part B benefits commenced prior to December 31, 2008, his or her Cash Balance Benefit shall not be less than the Cash Balance Benefit determined under the NTX Plan provisions in effect immediately prior to July 28, 2008. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall a NTX Participant s Cash Balance Benefit be less than his or her Cash Balance Benefit determined as of December 31, 2002, converting the Cash Balance as of such date to a single life annuity using his or her age as of such date, which single life annuity would be payable monthly commencing at the NTX Participant s Normal Retirement Age as of December 31, 2002. 3. Normal Retirement. A NTX Participant who retires on his or her Normal Retirement Date shall be entitled to a monthly retirement income computed in accordance with paragraph 2 of this Part, commencing on his or her Normal Retirement Date and payable in accordance with paragraph K-7 of Supplement K to the Plan. 4. Late Retirement. A NTX Participant who retires on a Late Retirement Date shall be entitled to a monthly retirement income, commencing on the earlier of his or her Late Retirement Date or Required Commencement Date, and payable in accordance with paragraph K-7 of Supplement K to the Plan. If payment of a NTX Participant s monthly retirement income under this Part occurs prior to retirement on his or her Required Commencement Date, then the amount of retirement income payable to the NTX Participant shall be adjusted, as of each subsequent January 1, to reflect the additional benefits, if any, accrued by the NTX Participant during the immediately preceding calendar year. In no event shall the amount of monthly retirement income payable under this paragraph 4 be less than the monthly retirement income the NTX Participant would have received had the NTX Participant retired on his or her Normal Retirement Date. 5. Early Retirement. A NTX Participant who retires on an Early Retirement Date shall be entitled to a monthly retirement income, commencing on his or her Normal K-131 Retirement Date and payable in accordance with paragraph K-7 of Supplement K to the Plan. The amount of his monthly retirement income shall be computed in accordance with paragraph 2 of this Part, but shall be reduced in accordance with subsection 5.3 of the Plan in the event of the NTX Participant s benefit commencement before his or her Normal Retirement Date. However, for benefit commencements on and after January 1, 2010, the early retirement reduction shall not be greater than the reduction that would be determined using the actuarial assumptions set forth in subsection 2.2(b) of the Plan. 6. Monthly Deferred Vested Benefit. A NTX Participant whose employment with all of the Controlled Group Members is terminated for any reason other than death before his or her Retirement Date, but after he or she has completed five or more years of Vesting Service, shall be entitled to a monthly deferred vested benefit commencing on his or her Normal Retirement Date and payable in accordance with paragraph K-7 of Supplement K to the Plan. The amount of the NTX Participant s monthly deferred vested benefit shall be computed in accordance with paragraph 2 of this Part (as in effect on the date that his or her employment with the Controlled Group Members terminates). If the NTX Participant has completed at least 10 years of Vesting Service, he or she may elect to have such benefit commence as of the first day of any month on or after the date he or she attains age 55 years but before his or her Normal Retirement Date; provided that, such benefit shall be reduced in accordance with subsection 5.3 of the Plan. Notwithstanding any Plan provision to the contrary, a NTX Participant who earns an Hour of Service on or after January 1, 2008 under this Part shall be fully vested in his or her entire Plan benefit, including any benefit earned under this Part or under Part A, after completing three or more years of Vesting Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for benefit commencements on and after January 1, 2010, the early retirement reduction shall not be greater than the reduction that would be determined using the actuarial assumptions set forth in subsection 2.2(b) of the Plan. 7. Death Benefits. (a) Eligibility. Death benefits are payable under this Part only if (i) the NTX Participant had not received payment of benefit under this Part prior to his or her death; (ii) the NTX Participant was entitled to a retirement benefit or a deferred vested benefit at the time of his or her death; and (iii) the NTX Participant was either married at the time of his death, or if unmarried, the Participant had not incurred his or her Separation Date or had incurred his or her Separation Date and had requested but not received a lump sum payment of his or her benefit under this Part. If a NTX Participant was unmarried and entitled to a retirement benefit or deferred vested benefit at the time of his or her death and did not request a lump sum distribution of his Cash Balance Benefit under this Part B, an immediate lump sum payment shall be payable to the NTX Participant s estate. 

K-132 (b) Form of Payment. The form of payment depends upon whether the NTX Participant was married at his or her death and is subject to the provisions of paragraph K-8 of Supplement K. (i) Married Participants. Benefits payable to a surviving Spouse determined pursuant to subparagraph (c) below shall be paid in the form of an annuity for the Spouse s lifetime or a lump sum payment, as selected by the surviving Spouse. (ii) Unmarried Participants. If a NTX Participant is eligible for death benefits under this paragraph but was not married at death, an immediate lump sum payment shall be payable to the NTX Participant s estate. (c) Amount. A surviving Spouse s monthly benefit shall be based on the NTX Participant s monthly retirement income determined under paragraph 2 of this Part, and shall be subject to the provisions of subsection 5.6 of the Plan. Alternatively, the surviving Spouse may elect to receive the lump sum present value of the NTX Participant s Cash Balance Benefit in accordance with paragraph K-8 of Supplement K to the Plan. If the NTX Participant does not have a surviving Spouse at the time of death, then the lump sum present value of the NTX Participant s Cash Balance Benefit shall be payable to his or her estate. For purposes of this paragraph (c), present value shall be determined using the assumptions described in paragraph K-9(b) of Supplement K and subsection 2.2 of the Plan. (d) Date Death Benefits Commence. Payment of death benefits shall commence as of the first day of the month coincident with or next following the later of the date of the NTX Participant s death or the date the NTX Participant would have attained age 65 years; provided, however: (i) a surviving Spouse may elect to have payment of such benefit commence on any earlier date, and (ii) a benefit paid on behalf of a NTX Participant without a surviving Spouse shall be paid as soon as practicable after the Committee is informed of the NTX Participant s death. (e) Special Rules for Death While Actively Employed. If the NTX Participant dies while in the employ of an Employer or Controlled Group Member and after completing at least five Years of Service or attaining Normal Retirement Age, then a death benefit shall be payable under this paragraph (e) in lieu of the benefit described above in this paragraph 7. This death benefit shall be based on the NTX Participant s Part B benefit, and shall be subject to the provisions of subsection 5.7 of the Plan and paragraph K-8 of Supplement K to the Plan except as follows: K-133 (i) The NTX Participant s surviving Spouse shall have a period of 180 days within which to elect payment of a lump sum in lieu of the monthly survivor annuity, in the event of the NTX Participant s death before his or her earliest commencement date under subsection 5.6 of the Plan. The surviving Spouse may also elect the lump sum form on or after the date that would have been such NTX Participant s earliest commencement date. (ii) If the NTX Participant is entitled to benefits under both Part A and Part B to Supplement K, the NTX Participant shall be required to name the same beneficiary of the death benefit with respect to both Parts. 8. Interest Rate Applicable on Termination. In the event of the termination of the Plan: (a) If the interest rate under paragraph 2(b) is a variable rate, the rate of interest used to determine the amount of a Participant s Cash Balance shall equal the average of the interest rates used under the Plan during the five-year period ending on the Plan s termination date; and (b) The interest rate and mortality table used to determine the amount of any benefit payable to or on behalf of any Participant under the Plan in the form of an annuity shall be the rate and table specified under the Plan for such purpose as of the termination date, except that if such interest rate is a variable rate, the interest rate shall be determined under the rules of subparagraph (a) above. DM_US 79187726-1.076961.0011 

L-1 SUPPLEMENT L Provisions Relating to the Merger of the Maidenform LLC Retirement Plan L-1. Introduction. The Maidenform LLC Retirement Plan (previously, the Maidenform, Inc. Retirement Plan) (the Maidenform Plan was maintained by Maidenform LLC (previously, Maidenform, Inc.) Maidenform prior to Maidenform s acquisition by Hanesbrands Inc. Effective upon the close of business on December 31, 2013 (the Merger Date ), the Maidenform Plan was merged into and continued in the form of the Plan, subject to the terms and provisions of this Supplement L and the Plan. The purpose of this Supplement is to set forth provisions relating to former participants in the Maidenform Plan. L-2. Participation. Subject to the conditions and limitations of the Plan, each participant in the Maidenform Plan on the Merger Date became a participant in the Plan as of the Merger Date. All such participants shall be referred to in this Supplement as Maidenform Participants. Maidenform Participants may have earned one or both of the following benefits under the Maidenform Plan: (a) A Maidenform Accrued Benefit, consisting of a Basic and Supplemental Benefit earned under the Maidenform Plan or a predecessor thereto, and (b) A NCC Accrued Benefit earned under the terms of the NCC Industries, Inc. Defined Benefit Pension Plan (the NCC Plan ), which was merged into the Maidenform Plan as of April 13, 1999. The sum of benefits under (a) and (b) above shall be referred to herein as the Accrued Benefit. The Maidenform Plan was previously frozen, so that no new employees shall become participants in and no benefits shall be earned under this Supplement L after the Merger Date. L-3. Service for Purposes of Determining Accrued Benefits. (a) For purposes of determining a Maidenform Participant s Maidenform Accrued Benefit, Creditable Service shall mean, with respect to years after 1988, service rendered by an Employee as a participant in the Maidenform Plan. With respect to years after 1975 and before 1988, Creditable Service shall mean all such service rendered by an Employee, but not after his Normal Retirement Date. With respect to years before 1976, the terms Creditable Service, Prior Service, and Membership Service shall be applied according to the provisions of the Maidenform Plan or the prior plans specified in paragraph L- L-2 8(c)(ii). No Creditable Service was earned under the Maidenform Plan for periods after January 1, 2007. (b) For purposes of determining a Maidenform Participant s NCC Accrued Benefit, a Year of Benefit Service is a Year of Vesting Service earned while an active participant in the NCC Plan or a predecessor thereto. No Years of Benefit Service were earned under the NCC Plan after 1991. L-4. Year of Vesting Service. A Year of Vesting Service shall mean a Plan Year in which the Employee has completed 1,000 Hours of Service. It shall also mean the 12-month period beginning with the Employee s entry into employment with Maidenform or any of its related employers if he or she had at least 1,000 Hours of Service in such period and neither the Plan Year in which such period began nor the Plan Year in which it ended was a Year of Vesting Service. It also includes each Year of Service a Maidenform Participant had earned under the NCC Plan that was not disregarded under the break in service rules thereunder; in no event, however, shall a Maidenform Participant who was a former participant in the NCC Plan be credited with more than one Year of Vesting Service for the 1999 calendar year. Years of Vesting Service shall be subject to the provisions of subparagraphs 2.29(m) and (n) of the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, effective for Plan Years beginning on and after January 1, 2015, Years of Vesting Service shall have the same meaning as Years of Service as defined in subsection 2.33 of the Plan. L-5. Hour of Service. An Hour of Service shall be defined as set forth in subsection 2.14 of the Plan, provided that, an Hour of Service shall not include any hour prior to the attainment of age 18. In addition, for any Maidenform Participant who is a member of a class of Employees for which actual Hours of Service records are not maintained, Hours of Service shall be credited in accordance with the Maidenform Participant s periodic payroll period as determined below: Periodic Payroll Period Hours of Service Credited One week Two times per month One month 45 95 190 L-6. Breaks in Service. A Break in Service shall occur in a calendar year in which the Employee does not complete more than 500 Hours of Service with the Company, a Controlled Group Member, or Maidenform (or any related employer), subject to the following: (a) Maternity or Paternity Absence. An Employee on a Maternity or Paternity Absence shall be credited with up to 500 Hours of Service in order to prevent a Break in Service. During the period of absence, the Employee shall be credited with the number of Hours of Service that 

L-3 normally would have been credited but for the absence. Should the leave span more than one year, the Hours of Service shall be credited in the year in which the absence begins, if the credit is necessary to prevent a Break in Service in that year or, if such credit is not necessary in the first year, then in the following year. (b) Disregard of Service Due to Pre-1985 Break. If, before 1985, an Employee has a number of consecutive one-year Breaks in Service equal to or greater than the number of his or her Years of Vesting Service preceding such Breaks in Service, and if the Employee has neither (i) completed 10 Years of Vesting Service, nor (ii) attained his or her Normal Retirement Date, then his or her Creditable Service shall be cancelled. If an Employee with no vested benefits sustains a Break in Service, where the number of Break Years is less than the number of his or her pre-Break Years of Vesting Service, then following his or her reemployment, the Employee s pre-Break years shall continue to be counted for Vesting Service, and his or her pre-Break Creditable Service, Membership Service and Prior Service shall continue to be counted for accrual purposes (but not after January 1, 2007). (c) Disregard of Service Due to Post-1984 Break. Effective January 1, 1985, if an Employee has five or more consecutive one-year Breaks in Service and the number of consecutive Breaks in Service equals or exceeds the number of his or her Years of Vesting Service preceding such Breaks in Service, and if the Employee has neither (i) completed five Years of Vesting Service nor (ii) attained Normal Retirement Age, then his or her Creditable Service and his or her Years of Vesting Service preceding such Breaks in Service shall be cancelled. If an Employee with no vested benefits sustains consecutive one-year Breaks in Service, and if the number of consecutive Breaks in Service is less than the greater of (i) five Years, or (ii) the number of his or her pre- Break Years of Vesting Service, then following his or her reemployment, the Employee s pre-Break Years shall continue to be counted for Vesting Service, and his or her pre-Break Creditable Service shall continue to be counted for accrual purposes (but not after January 1, 2007). (d) Disregard of Pre-1985 Service Preserved. If, as of December 31, 1984, the Break in Service rules then in effect under the Maidenform Plan (or the applicable predecessor plan) would not require any Creditable Service or Years of Vesting Service before 1985 to be taken into account, nothing contained herein shall be construed as requiring such Creditable Service or Years of Vesting Service to be taken into account for vesting or accrual purposes. L-4 (e) Pre-1976 Service. For Employees in active service as of January 1, 1991 and thereafter who are vested or become vested, credit shall be given for the purposes of benefit calculation for all Prior Service and Creditable Service before 1976 regardless of the length of any break or breaks in service that occurred prior to 1976. In addition, for the purposes of determining Prior Service and Creditable Service prior to 1976, the Plan Administrator shall be entitled to rely upon Maidenform records and such other documentation as the Plan Administrator in its discretion may determine to be reliable. (f) Special Break in Service Rules for Former NCC Participants. The foregoing rules shall apply to a Maidenform Participant who is a former participant in the NCC Plan with respect to his NCC Accrued Benefit, except for the rules set forth in subparagraphs (b), (d) and (e). Notwithstanding the foregoing, effective for Plan Years beginning on and after January 1, 2015, Break in Service shall mean One Year Break in Service as defined in subsection 2.21 of the Plan. L-7. Compensation. For purposes of the Maidenform Accrued Benefit, Compensation shall mean the total remuneration paid to an Employee for services rendered to the Employer, including overtime pay, commissions or bonuses; however, Compensation shall not include any amount earned after January 1, 2007. For computations as of Plan Years after 1988 and before 1994, notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the maximum amount of Compensation taken into account for any Plan Year, including a Plan Year prior to 1989, shall not exceed 200,000, subject to adjustment by the Secretary of the Treasury for changes in the cost of living. For computations as of Plan Years after 1993 and before 2002, the maximum amount of Compensation taken into account for any Plan Year, including a Plan Year prior to 1994, taken into account under the Plan for any year shall not exceed 150,000, subject to adjustment by the Secretary of the Treasury for changes in the cost of living. For Plan Years after 2001, (a) the maximum amount of Compensation taken into account for any Plan Year shall not exceed 200,000, subject to adjustment for cost of living in accordance with Section 401(a)(17)(B) of the Code, and (b) in determining benefit accruals in Plan Years beginning after December 31, 2001, the maximum Compensation taken into account for determination periods beginning before January 1, 2002 shall be 150,000 for any determination period beginning in 1996 or earlier, 160,000 for any determination period beginning in 1997, 1998 or 1999, and 170,000 for any determination period beginning in 2000 or 2001. L-8. Normal Retirement. A Maidenform Participant who retires on his or her Normal Retirement Date shall be entitled to a Normal Retirement Allowance as described below. Normal Retirement Date shall be defined as set forth in subsection 2.20 of the Plan, and Normal Retirement Age shall be defined as set forth in subsection 2.19 of the Plan, except that with respect to the Maidenform Participant s Maidenform Accrued Benefit, the Normal Retirement Age shall be the later of the date on which he or she attains age 65 and the 

L-5 fifth anniversary of the date he or she began participation in the Maidenform Plan. The Normal Retirement Allowance shall equal the Maidenform Participant s Accrued Benefit expressed as a single life annuity. The Accrued Benefit shall be the sum of the Maidenform Participant s Basic Benefit and Supplemental Benefit (together, his or her Maidenform Accrued Benefit) and his NCC Accrued Benefit, each as defined below. (a) Basic Benefit. The Basic Benefit shall be based on Compensation not in excess of 10,000 in any calendar year through 1987, based on Compensation not in excess of 15,000 in 1988, based on Compensation not in excess of 18,000 in any calendar year in 1989 through 1993, and thereafter based on Compensation not in excess of 26,000 in any calendar year Basic Covered Compensation and shall be an annual amount equal to: (i) 1.75 of his or her Basic Covered Compensation during Creditable Service after 1983; plus (ii) 1.5 of his or her average annual Basic Covered Compensation in 1983 and 1984 multiplied by the number of years of Creditable Service and Membership Service before 1984, and in the case of a Maidenform Participant who had no Creditable Service before 1983, 1.5 of his or her total Basic Covered Compensation in 1983; plus (iii) 1 of his or her average annual Basic Covered Compensation in 1983 and 1984 multiplied by the number of years of his or her Prior Service. In no event shall the sum of the amount attributable to Creditable Service and Membership Service before 1985 be less than the portion of the Normal Retirement Allowance attributable to Creditable Service before 1985 as computed in accordance with provisions of the prior plan described in subparagraph (c)(ii) below as in effect on December 31, 1975 or in accordance with the provisions of the Maidenform Plan as in effect on December 30, 1993 or December 31, 1996. (b) Supplemental Benefit. The Supplemental Benefit shall be based on Compensation in excess of 10,000 in any calendar year through 1987, based on Compensation in excess of 15,000 in 1988, based on Compensation in excess of 18,000 in 1989 through 1993, and thereafter based on Compensation in excess of 26,000 in any calendar year Supplemental Covered Compensation and shall be an annual amount equal to: L-6 (i) 1.75 of his or her total Supplemental Covered Compensation during Creditable Service after 1988 with respect to which he or she made contributions; plus (ii) 1.5 of his or her total Supplemental Covered Compensation during his Creditable Service after 1984 through 1988 with respect to which he or she made contributions; plus (iii) 1.5 of his or her average annual Supplemental Covered Compensation in 1983 and 1984 multiplied by the total number of years of his or her Creditable Service and Membership Service before 1985 during which he or she was a participant in the Supplemental Benefits portions of the Maidenform Plan and in the case of a Maidenform Participant who had no Creditable Service before 1983, 1.5 of his or her total Supplemental Covered Compensation in 1983 and 1984 with respect to which he or she made contributions; plus (iv) .5 of his or her average annual Supplemental Covered Compensation in 1983 and 1984 multiplied by the total number of years of his or her Prior Service with respect to which he or she made contributions. In no event shall the sum of the amounts in (iii) and (iv) attributable to Creditable Service, Membership Service and Prior Service before 1985 be less than the portion of the Normal Retirement Allowance attributable to Creditable Service before 1985 as computed in accordance with the provisions of the prior plan described in (c)(ii) below as in effect on December 31, 1975 or in accordance with the provisions of the Maidenform Plan as in effect on December 30, 1993. (c) Special Rules Applicable to Maidenform Accrued Benefit. (i) For the purpose of determining years of Membership Service or Prior Service before 1976, if a Maidenform Participant s scheduled number of working hours in a month was less than the normally scheduled number of hours, his or her Membership Service or Prior Service for that month shall be a fraction equal to the number of his or her scheduled hours divided by the normally scheduled number. For any month in 1983 and 1984 for which he or she received credit for a fraction of a month of Membership Service or Prior Service, his or her Basic Covered Compensation for such a month shall, for the purpose of determining his or her average Basic Covered Compensation, be deemed to be his or her actual Basic Covered Compensation divided by such fraction, and his or her Supplemental Covered 

L-7 Compensation for such month shall, for the purpose of determining his or her average annual Supplemental Covered Compensation, be deemed to be his or her actual Supplemental Covered Compensation divided by such fraction. (ii) For the purposes of subparagraphs L-8(a) and (b), references to the prior plan shall mean, respectively, the Retirement Plan for Employees of Maidenform, Inc. and the Supplemental Retirement Plan for Employees of Maidenform, Inc. With respect to service before 1976, Membership Service, Prior Service, and Creditable Service shall be determined in accordance with the definitions of such terms and the other provisions, other than the Break in Service rules, of such prior plans as in effect on December 31, 1975, and such service shall be credited in years and twelfths of a year, one-twelfth of a year s credit being allowed for any month in the relevant period of service during the major part of which the Maidenform Participant rendered service. (iii) Notwithstanding (a) and (b) above, no benefits shall accrue after January 1, 2007. Moreover, no benefits shall accrue once the sum of the Member s Creditable Service, Membership Service, and Prior Service equals 40. (d) NCC Accrued Benefit. If a Maidenform Participant is a former participant in the NCC Plan, his or her NCC Accrued Benefit at Normal Retirement Age shall equal: (i) 2.00 for each Year of Benefit Service before December 1, 1971 (and fractions thereof), not to exceed 10 Years of Benefit Service; plus (ii) 5.00 for each Year of Benefit Service after November 30, 1971 (and fractions thereof). The maximum benefit monthly shall be 100 and no benefits shall accrue after December 31, 1991. If a Maidenform Participant who is a former participant in the NCC Plan retires after his or her Normal Retirement Date, his or her Normal Retirement Allowance shall be the Actuarial Equivalent (determined pursuant to paragraph L-14(b)) of his or her NCC Accrued Benefit at Normal Retirement Age. L-9. Early Retirement. A Maidenform Participant who retires on an Early Retirement Date may begin receiving an Early Retirement Allowance on such Early Retirement Date or on the first day of any later month prior to his or her Normal Retirement Date. For this purpose, the following definitions shall apply: L-8 (a) Early Retirement Age. Early Retirement Age shall mean the date the Maidenform Participant (i) attains age 55 and completes five Years of Vesting Service, with respect to the Maidenform Participant s Maidenform Accrued Benefit, and (ii) attains age 60 and completes 15 Years of Vesting Service with respect to the Maidenform Participant s NCC Accrued Benefit, if any. (b) Early Retirement Date. Early Retirement Date shall mean the first day of the month next following the date on which a Maidenform Participant terminates employment with the Corporation and all Controlled Group Members after attaining Early Retirement Age and prior to attaining Normal Retirement Age. (c) Early Retirement Allowance. An Early Retirement Allowance shall, at the election of the Maidenform Participant, be payable as follows: (i) With respect to the Maidenform Participant s Maidenform Accrued Benefit: (A) Payment equal to the Maidenform Participant s Maidenform Accrued Benefit at the time of his or her termination, commencing at his or her Normal Retirement Date; or (B) Payment equal to the Maidenform Participant s Maidenform Accrued Benefit at the time of his or her termination, adjusted in accordance with Appendix A, commencing on the first day of any calendar month on or after his or her Early Retirement Date with respect to his or her Maidenform Accrued Benefit and prior to his or her Normal Retirement Date; and (ii) With respect to the Maidenform Participant s NCC Accrued Benefit: (A) Payment equal to the Maidenform Participant s NCC Accrued Benefit at the time of his or her termination, commencing at his or her Normal Retirement Date; or (B) Payment equal to the Maidenform Participant s NCC Accrued Benefit at the time of his or her termination, adjusted in accordance with the actuarial assumptions set forth in paragraph L-14(b), commencing on the first day of any calendar month on or after his or her Early Retirement Date with respect to his or her NCC Accrued Benefit and prior to his or her Normal Retirement Date. 

L-9 Under this subparagraph L-9, a Maidenform Participant may elect to commence payment of his or her Maidenform Accrued Benefit on a different date than his or her NCC Accrued Benefit. L-10. Disability Retirement. If an active Maidenform Participant incurs a physical or mental disability, has at least 10 Years of Vesting Service, and is entitled to receive disability insurance benefits under Title II of the Federal Social Security Act, the Maidenform Participant shall be deemed to have retired on account of disability during such period as he or she is entitled to receive such disability insurance benefits. However, a Maidenform Participant shall not be deemed to be retired on account of disability where such disability shall have been (a) self-inflicted, (b) incurred in military service, or (c) incurred in the commission of a crime. Upon determination of disability by the Plan Administrator, a Maidenform Participant shall be entitled to the payment of a Disability Retirement Allowance, commencing six months following the date of total disability and computed as a Normal Retirement Allowance on the basis of the Maidenform Participant s Maidenform Accrued Benefit at the time of his or her disability. This Disability Retirement Allowance shall continue until the earliest of (i) death, (ii) attainment of age 65, or (iii) recovery from the disability. This paragraph shall not apply to a Maidenform Participant s NCC Accrued Benefit, if any. If a disabled Maidenform Participant has a NCC Accrued Benefit and has not attained Early Retirement Age with respect thereto on the Annuity Starting Date of his or her Disability Retirement Allowance payable with respect to his Maidenform Accrued Benefit, (x) his Disability Retirement Allowance shall not include his or her NCC Accrued Benefit, and (y) his or her NCC Accrued Benefit shall commence to be paid, at the election of the Maidenform Participant, on or after he reaches Early Retirement Age or Normal Retirement Age, as applicable, with respect to his or her NCC Accrued Benefit. L-11. Deferred Retirement. Any Maidenform Participant whose employment is terminated before he or she has attained age 55, but after he or she has completed five Years of Vesting Service, shall be entitled to receive: (a) With respect to the Maidenform Participant s Maidenform Accrued Benefit: (i) Payment equal to the Maidenform Participant s Maidenform Accrued Benefit at the time of his or her termination, commencing at his or her Normal Retirement Date; or (ii) Payment equal to the Maidenform Participant s Maidenform Accrued Benefit at the time of his or her termination, adjusted in accordance with Appendix A, commencing on the first day of any calendar month coincident with or following his or her attainment of age 55 and prior to his or her Normal Retirement Date; and (b) With respect to the Maidenform Participant s NCC Accrued Benefit: L-10 (i) Payment equal to the Maidenform Participant s NCC Accrued Benefit at the time of his or her termination, commencing at his or her Normal Retirement Date; or (ii) Payment equal to the Maidenform Participant s NCC Accrued Benefit at the time of his or her termination, adjusted in accordance with the actuarial assumptions set forth in paragraph L-14(b), commencing on the first day of any calendar month coincident with or following his or her attainment of age 60 and completion of 15 Years of Vesting Service and prior to his or her Normal Retirement Date. Under this paragraph L-11, a Maidenform Participant may elect to commence payment of his or her Maidenform Accrued Benefit on a different date than his or her NCC Accrued Benefit. L-12. Payment of Benefits. Benefits under this Supplement L shall be paid as follows: (a) Standard Form of Payment. The standard form of payment of a Maidenform Participant s retirement allowance shall be determined pursuant to subsections 6.1 and 6.2 of the Plan. (b) Optional Forms of Payment of Retirement Allowance Attributable to Maidenform Accrued Benefit. A Maidenform Participant may elect to waive the standard form of payment and elect one of the following optional forms for payment of his or her retirement allowance attributable to his or her Maidenform Accrued Benefit: (i) The single life annuity form, as described in subsection 6.1 of the Plan; (ii) The 50 , 75 and 100 contingent annuity form, as described in subparagraph 6.4(b) of the Plan; or (iii) The Social Security adjustment option, described in subparagraph 6.4(d) of the Plan but disregarding the last paragraph thereof; provided that such Maidenform Participant may elect to have his or her annuity adjusted before and after such Maidenform Participant s eligibility for benefits under Social Security or before and after his or her attainment of a subsequent age (but not beyond age 65); further provided that this option shall not be available to a Maidenform Participant who terminates employment before Early Retirement Age. (c) Optional Forms of Payment of Retirement Allowance Attributable to NCC Accrued Benefit. A Maidenform Participant may elect to waive 

L-11 the standard form of payment and elect one of the following optional forms for payment of his or her retirement allowance attributable to his or her NCC Accrued Benefit, if any: (i) The single life annuity form, as described in subsection 6.1 of the Plan; (ii) The period certain and life annuity described in subparagraph 6.4(a) of the Plan; provided that the Maidenform Participant may elect any fixed number of guaranteed payments for a period that does not exceed the life expectancy of the Maidenform Participant or the joint life expectancy of the Maidenform Participant and his or her beneficiary (determined as of the date benefits commence); (iii) The contingent annuitant form described in subparagraph 6.4(b) of the Plan; provided that the Maidenform Participant may elect any fixed percentage for payment of survivorship benefits as long as the present value of the payments to be made to the Maidenform Participant is more than 50 of the present value of the total payments to be made to the Maidenform Participant s beneficiary, all as determined as of the later of such Maidenform Participant s Normal Retirement Date or termination of employment; (iv) The period certain annuity described in subparagraph 6.4(c) of the Plan; provided that the Maidenform Participant may elect any period certain that does not exceed the life expectancy of the Maidenform Participant or the joint life expectancy of the Maidenform Participant and his or her beneficiary (determined as of the date benefits commence); or (v) The Social Security adjustment option described in subparagraph 6.4(d) of the Plan but disregarding the last paragraph thereof; provided that such Maidenform Participant may elect to have his or her annuity adjusted before and after such Maidenform Participant s eligibility for benefits under Social Security or before and after his or her attainment of a subsequent age (but not beyond age 65). (d) Separate Elections Permitted. A Maidenform Participant may elect a form of payment with respect to his or her Maidenform Accrued Benefit that differs from the form of payment with respect to his or her NCC Accrued Benefit, if any. L-12 (e) Actuarial Equivalents. Notwithstanding any Plan provision to the contrary, all forms of payment under this paragraph L-12 shall be Actuarially Equivalent (as described in paragraph L-14) to the single life annuity form. Moreover, any actuarial adjustments required by the provisions of subsections 6.7, 6.8 and 6.9 of the Plan shall be determined in accordance with the applicable actuarial assumptions set forth in paragraph L-14. (f) Other Payment Provisions. Benefit payments under this Supplement L shall be subject to the provisions of Section 6 of the Plan (other than subsection 6.5 thereof), subject to the following: (i) If the designated beneficiary of the Maidenform Participant dies prior to the Maidenform Participant s Annuity Starting Date, the election of the optional form of benefit shall not become effective (except as provided in subparagraphs L-13(a) and (b) below). (ii) Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection 6.3 of the Plan, (A) a Maidenform Participant may elect a Retroactive Annuity Starting Date that is the first day of any month that is up to twelve calendar months before the Maidenform Participant applies for payment of his or her Retirement Allowance, provided the Maidenform Participant was otherwise eligible to commence benefits on said date; (B) any make-up payments required to be made due to such election shall be adjusted with interest equal to the 1-year Treasury rate for the second full calendar month preceding the Plan Year containing the Maidenform Participant s Annuity Starting Date; and (C) the restrictions as to the available forms of payment set forth in subsection 6.3 shall not apply to payment of the Maidenform Participant s retirement allowance. (iii) A Maidenform Participant s Maidenform Accrued Benefit (but not his NCC Accrued Benefit) shall be subject to the provisions of subsections 6.7 and 6.8 of the Plan, except that (A) December 1, 2015 shall be substituted for August 1, 2015 in said subsections; and (B) a Maidenform Participant shall be considered a temporary employee for purposes of subsection 6.7(b)(ii) if he or she is reemployed at the request of the Employer after his Normal Retirement Age and is expected to continue in such employment for no more than six months in any calendar year after he or she has attained age 65. (iv) The small benefit cashout rules described in subsection 6.11 shall apply to Maidenform Plan Participants beginning 

L-13 December 1, 2015, including any such Participants who terminated employment before such date, but said subsection shall not apply to any payee who is receiving or entitled to receive all of a portion of his or her Plan benefit under a guaranteed annuity contract. (g) Benefit Restrictions. The provisions of subsection 7.5 of the Plan shall apply to benefit payments under this Supplement L, provided that in the event that payment cannot be made because of the application of Treasury regulations section 1.436-1(d)(3)(i), the Maidenform Participant may elect to (i) commence payment of the unrestricted portion of his or her Accrued Benefit in any available form, while deferring commencement of the remaining portion of his or her Accrued Benefit; or (ii) commence payment of his or her entire Accrued Benefit in any then available form of payment that is not a prohibited payment. L-13. Qualified Pre-Retirement Survivor Annuity. A married Maidenform Participant shall be entitled to have a survivor annuity payable to his or her Spouse in the event of death before commencing payment of his or her Accrued Benefit and after he or she has completed five Years of Vesting Service. Such survivor annuity shall be determined pursuant to the provisions of subsection 4.6 of the Plan, subject to the actuarial assumptions set forth in paragraph L-14 of this Supplement. A Maidenform Participant s Spouse may elect to commence his or her survivor annuity with respect to the Participant s Maidenform Accrued Benefit on a different date than his or her survivor annuity with respect to the Participant s NCC Accrued Benefit, if any. The following special rules apply to survivor annuities payable under this Supplement L: (a) Survivor Benefit for Certain Members Who Die In Service. If a Maidenform Participant who has on file a valid election of a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity or a 100 (or, effective December 1, 2015, a 75 survivor annuity with his or her Spouse as the designated beneficiary, or who would be deemed to have elected the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity pursuant to subsection 6.3 of the Plan, dies while employed after his or her attainment of age 65, the survivor benefit shall be calculated based on the form of payment so selected or deemed to be selected and shall be payable effective the first day of the month in which the Maidenform Participant died. (b) Survivor Benefit for Certain Terminated Vested Participants. If a Maidenform Participant who would be deemed to have elected the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity pursuant to subsection 6.3 of the Plan dies after he or she has terminated employment with the Company and all Controlled Group Members, the survivor benefit shall be payable effective the first day of the month in which the Maidenform L-14 Participant died, provided the Maidenform Participant terminated employment after attaining age 55 and completing 10 Years of Vesting Service. This paragraph (b) shall not apply to a Maidenform Participant s NCC Accrued Benefit, if any. L-14. Actuarial Equivalents. Actuarial Equivalent shall mean a benefit of equivalent value when computed on the basis of the following assumptions: (a) With respect to a Maidenform Participant s Maidenform Accrued Benefit, (i) the mortality table shall be the 1971 Group Annuity Mortality Table, as applicable to women, and (ii) the interest assumption shall be 6 percent per annum, compounded annually. However, for purposes of determining the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity and the Qualified Optional Survivor Annuity under subsection 6.2 of the Plan and the benefits described in subparagraph L-12(b)(ii), the following assumptions shall apply: Mortality: 1971 Group Annuity Mortality Male table, setback of seven years for Maidenform Participants and no setback for the joint annuitant; and Interest: 6.00 compounded annually. (b) With respect to a Maidenform Participant s NCC Accrued Benefit, (i) the mortality table shall be the Unisex Mortality Table UP-84, and (ii) the interest assumption shall be 7 per annum; provided that, effective December 1, 2015, the benefit payable in the form of a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity shall be the greater of the benefit determined using said assumptions and the benefit determined using the assumptions specified in (c) below. (c) Notwithstanding (a) and (b) above, for purposes of the period certain and life annuity, the period certain annuity and the Social Security adjustment option, for determining small benefit cashouts under the Plan, and for purposes of paragraph L-15(c)(iii), the mortality table shall be the Applicable Mortality Table, and the interest assumption shall be the Applicable Interest Rate, each defined as follows: (i) The Applicable Mortality Table shall be the table described in Section 417(e)(3)(B) of the Code. (ii) The Applicable Interest Rate shall be the rate described in Section 417(e)(3)(C) of the Code for the month of November immediately preceding the Plan Year in which the Annuity Starting Date or applicable payment date occurs. 

L-15 However, prior to December 1, 2015, the mortality table and interest assumption applicable to the period certain and life annuity, the period certain annuity and the Social Security adjustment option shall be the mortality table and interest assumption set forth in the Maidenform Plan. L-15. Return of Maidenform Participants Contributions. (a) Availability of Return of Maidenform Participants Contributions. Any Maidenform Participant (i) who, upon ceasing to be an Employee, has not yet begun to receive a retirement allowance; or (ii) while still an Employee, may elect, in accordance with procedures established by the Plan Administrator, to receive an amount equal to his or her Accumulated Contributions. The date of the payment of the Accumulated Contributions shall be deemed to be the date of Withdrawal. If the amount of a Maidenform Participant s retirement allowance exceeds 5,000, payment shall not be made unless the Maidenform Participant s Spouse consents to such payment in accordance with subsection 6.3. (b) Repayment of Maidenform Participants Contributions. Any Maidenform Participant who has received payment of his or her Accumulated Contributions upon termination of employment may, before the earlier of (i) five years from the date of resumption of employment with the Employer; or (ii) the end of the first period of five consecutive one year Breaks in Service beginning on the date of Withdrawal, repay the Accumulated Contributions with interest at the rate set forth in Section 411(c)(2)(C) of the Code from the date of Withdrawal to the date of repayment, in which event his or her accrued Supplemental Benefit to the date of Withdrawal, if previously forfeited, shall be restored. Any Maidenform Participant who has received an in- service distribution of his or her Accumulated Contributions may, within five years after the date of such distribution, repay the Accumulated Contributions with interest at the rate set forth in Section 411(c)(2)(C) of the Code from the date of withdrawal to the date of repayment, in which event his or her accrued Supplemental Benefit to the date of Withdrawal, if previously forfeited, shall be restored. A Maidenform Participant who has received a distribution of his or her Accumulated Contributions may participate in the Supplemental Benefits portion of the Plan again only if he or she has withdrawn his or her Accumulated Contributions only once and he or she repays those Accumulated Contributions with interest, within the period specified set forth in this paragraph. L-16 (c) Reduction in Supplemental Benefit. If a Maidenform Participant who has completed five Years of Vesting Service or has reached his or her Normal Retirement Date receives payment of his or her Accumulated Contributions, or his or her accrued Supplemental Benefit shall be reduced by the amount of such Benefit derived from such withdrawn Accumulated Contributions. If any other Maidenform Participant receives payment of his or her Accumulated Contributions, his or her accrued Supplemental Benefit shall be reduced by the amount of such Benefit derived from such withdrawn contributions, plus the amount of such Benefit derived from employer contributions. For purposes of this section, the amount of accrued Supplemental Benefit derived from a Maidenform Participant s withdrawn Accumulated Contributions and the amount of such Benefit derived from employer contributions shall be determined in accordance with Section 411(c) of the Code and the regulations and other guidance issued thereunder. Any reduction pursuant to this paragraph shall be restored upon repayment pursuant to paragraph (b). For purposes of this paragraph: (i) the amount of accrued Supplemental Benefit derived from a Maidenform Participant s withdrawn Accumulated Contributions shall be equal to the amount of such Accumulated Contributions multiplied by the appropriate conversion factor; (ii) the amount of such Benefit derived from employer contributions shall be the excess, if any, of the amount of such benefit over the amount determined in (i) above; and (iii) the term appropriate conversion factor shall mean: (A) if the Benefit is payable in the form of a single life annuity commencing at age 65, the factor determined by application of the actuarial assumptions set forth in paragraph L-154c) hereof; and (B) if the Benefit is payable in a form other than a single life annuity commencing at age 65, the factor determined such that the amount of such Benefit is the Actuarial Equivalent of such annuity. (d) Payment of Accumulated Contributions Upon Death. Upon receipt of proof, satisfactory to the Plan Administrator, of the death of a Maidenform Participant or, if the Maidenform Participant is survived by a person entitled to receive survivor benefits pursuant to this Supplement L, of the death of such survivor, the excess, if any, of the Maidenform Participant s Accumulated Contributions to the earlier of the date of his or her death or the date of his or her retirement over the aggregate amount of Supplemental Benefits received by him and by such survivor shall be paid in one sum to the beneficiary designated by 

L-17 the Maidenform Participant by the last written designation filed with the Plan Administrator or, in the absence of such designated beneficiary, to the estate of the last to die of the Maidenform Participant and his or her designated beneficiary, provided, however, that if the survivor is the Maidenform Participant s Spouse, payment shall not be made without the Spouse s consent prior to the date the Maidenform Participant would have attained age 65. (e) Accumulated Contributions shall mean the sum of a Maidenform Participant s contributions to the Maidenform Plan and to the Supplemental Retirement Plan for Employees of Maidenform, Inc., which was in effect prior to 1976, together with Regular Interest. Regular Interest shall mean interest at the rate, compounded annually, of 2 per year for the period 1955-1968, 4 per year for the period 1969-1975, 5 per year for the period 1976-1981, 6 per year for the period 1982-1983, 6 per year for the period 1984-1985, 7 per year or such higher rate as may be required by Treasury regulations under Section 411(c) of the Code for the period 1985-1994, and such rate as may be required by Treasury regulations under Section 411(c)(2)(C) of the Code for years after 1994. For years before 1995, the Plan Administrator may, at the beginning of any calendar year, increase or decrease the interest rate applicable to such year provided that such rate shall not be less than the required rate under the regulations described above. For purposes of repaying Accumulated Contributions pursuant to paragraph (b) above, Regular Interest shall not exceed the rate permitted pursuant to Income Tax regulations under Section 411(c)(2)(C) of the Code. L-16. Limitations. Except to the extent expressly provided herein, the benefits provided pursuant to this Supplement L for a Maidenform Participant on account of participation under the Maidenform Plan are subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan. Terms used in this Supplement L with respect to the Maidenform Plan and terms used in this Supplement with respect to the Plan shall, unless defined in this Supplement L, have the meanings given those terms in the Maidenform Plan (as in effect immediately prior to the Merger Date) or this Plan, whichever is applicable. In no event shall the amount of a Maidenform Participant s benefit hereunder be less than the benefit such participant would have received, as of the Merger Date, under the Maidenform Plan based on the terms of such plan as in effect immediately before the Merger Date. L-18 APPENDIX A TO SUPPLEMENT L EARLY RETIREMENT ALLOWANCE TABLE of Early Retirement Allowance or Separation Benefit Otherwise Payable Beginning at Normal Retirement Age If Payments Commence Prior to Normal Retirement Date Age Payments Commence MONTHS YEARS 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 0 50.0 53.3 56.7 60.0 63.3 66.7 73.3 80.0 86.7 93.3 1 50.3 53.6 56.9 60.3 63.6 67.2 73.9 80.6 87.2 93.9 2 50.6 53.9 57.2 60.6 63.9 67.8 74.4 81.1 87.8 94.4 3 50.8 54.2 57.5 60.8 64.2 68.3 75.0 81.7 88.3 95.0 4 51.1 54.4 57.8 61.1 64.4 68.9 75.6 82.2 88.9 95.6 5 51.4 54.7 58.1 61.4 64.7 69.4 76.1 82.8 89.4 96.1 6 51.7 55.0 58.3 61.7 65.0 70.0 76.7 83.3 90.0 96.7 7 51.9 55.3 58.6 61.9 65.3 70.6 77.2 83.9 90.6 97.2 8 52.2 55.6 58.9 62.2 65.6 71.1 77.8 84.4 91.1 97.8 9 52.5 55.8 59.2 62.5 65.8 71.7 78.3 85.0 91.7 98.3 10 52.8 56.1 59.4 62.8 66.1 72.2 78.9 85.6 92.2 98.9 11 53.1 56.4 59.7 63.1 66.4 72.8 79.4 86.1 92.8 99.4 _______________________________ Applicable to benefit payments commencing on or after August 1, 1983. DM_US 58903125-6.076961.0011 

M-1 SUPPLEMENT M Special Rules for Puerto Rican Participants M-1. Purpose and Effect. The purpose of this Supplement M is to comply with the requirements of the Puerto Rico Internal Revenue Code of 2011 and any subsequent legislation that modifies or supersedes the Puerto Rico Internal Revenue Code of 2011 (the PR Code ). The provisions of this Supplement shall apply only to Participants who are permanent residents of Puerto Rico Supplement M Participants ). M-2. Highly Compensated Employee. For purposes of compliance with PR Code Section 1081.01(a), the term Highly Compensated Employee means any employee of an Employer who is an officer of the Employer, a shareholder holding more than 5 percent of the voting shares or total value of all classes of stock of the corporation that is the Employer, an owner of more than 5 percent of the capital interest in the gains of the entity other than a corporation that is the Employer, or an employee who in the preceding tax year had compensation (as defined in subparagraph 8.2(e)) from the Employers in excess of the amount determined under Code Section 414(q)(1)(B), or the Spouse or dependents of such employee. M-3. Compensation and Contribution Limitations. For each Plan Year, the following limits shall apply: (a) Compensation for Supplement M Participants used to calculate benefits under the Plan and apply the nondiscrimination tests of PR Code Section 1081.01(a) shall be limited in accordance with Code Section 401(a)(17). (b) The limits of subsection 8.2 of the Plan shall apply to Supplement M Participants. M-4. Employer. For purposes of compliance with PR Code Section 1081.01(a), all employees of all corporations, partnerships or other persons who are members of a controlled group of corporations, as defined in PR Code Section 1010.04, a group of related entities, as defined in PR Code Section 1010.05, or an affiliated service group, as defined in PR Code Section 1081.01(a)(14)(B), or that are under common control, and who have employees who are bona fide Puerto Rico residents, shall be treated as employees of the same employer. M-5. Direct Rollovers. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, a Supplement M Participant may request, at the time and in the manner prescribed by the Committee, to have all or a portion of a lump sum distribution from the Plan be paid directly to a Puerto Rico Eligible Retirement Plan (as defined M-2 below) in a direct rollover or to an individual retirement account or annuity under PR Code Section 1081.02 or a non-deductible individual retirement account under PR Code Section 1081.03. For purposes of this paragraph, the term Puerto Rico Eligible Retirement Plan means a qualified trust described in PR Code Section 1081.01(a) that accepts the Supplement M Participant s eligible rollover distribution. In the case of a transfer to a non-deductible individual retirement account, the same will be subject to tax as prescribed by PR Code Section 1081.03(d)(5)(A). DM_US 77752448-1.076961.0011 

</EX-10.37>

<EX-10.38>
 6
 hbi-20221231exx1038.htm
 EX-10.38

hbi-20221231exx1038 

EXECUTION VERSION 734109631 19632855 MASTER RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT among HANESBRANDS INC., KNIGHTS APPAREL LLC, GFSI LLC, CC PRODUCTS LLC and ALTERNATIVE APPAREL, INC., as Sellers and Servicers, THE OTHER SELLERS AND SERVICERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO and MUFG BANK, LTD., as Buyer Dated as of December 11, 2019 

TABLE OF CONTENTS Page -i- 734109631 19632855 1. Sale and Purchase. ......................................................................................................................................... 1 2. Representations and Warranties .................................................................................................................... 3 3. Covenants ...................................................................................................................................................... 3 4. Servicing Activities. ...................................................................................................................................... 3 5. Deemed Collections; Repurchase Events; Indemnities and Set-Off. ............................................................. 5 6. Notices........................................................................................................................................................... 7 7. Expenses ........................................................................................................................................................ 8 8. Interest on Overdue Amounts ........................................................................................................................ 9 9. Governing Law .............................................................................................................................................. 9 10. No Non-Direct Damages ............................................................................................................................... 9 11. Joinder of Additional Sellers ......................................................................................................................... 9 12. Joint and Several Obligations ........................................................................................................................ 9 13. General Provisions ...................................................................................................................................... 10 Schedule I - Form of Purchase Request Schedule II - Account Debtors Exhibit A - Certain Defined Terms Exhibit B - Conditions Precedent for Effectiveness Exhibit C - Representations and Warranties Exhibit D - Covenants Exhibit E - Eligibility Criteria Exhibit F - Servicer Termination Events Exhibit G - Accounts 

1 734109631 19632855 MASTER RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT This MASTER RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement is entered into as of December 11, 2019, by and among HANESBRANDS INC., a Maryland corporation Hanes ), KNIGHTS APPAREL LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Knights ), GFSI LLC, a Delaware limited liability company GFSI ), CC PRODUCTS LLC, a Delaware limited liability company CC Products ), ALTERNATIVE APPAREL, INC., a Delaware corporation Alternative ), and any other seller from time to time party hereto (each, in such capacity, a Seller and collectively, the Sellers ), and as servicers (each, in such capacity, a Servicer and collectively, the Servicers ), and MUFG BANK, LTD. MUFG Bank ), as buyer (the Buyer ). RECITALS Each Seller desires to sell certain of its Receivables from time to time, and the Buyer may be willing to purchase from each Seller such Receivables, in which case the terms set forth herein shall apply to such purchase. Each capitalized term used but not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in, or by reference in, Exhibit A hereto, and the interpretive provisions set out in Exhibit A hereto shall be applied in the interpretation of this Agreement. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Sale and Purchase. (a) Sales of Receivables. From time to time during the term of this Agreement, one or more Sellers may submit to the Buyer a request (a Purchase Request via the MUFG Platform that the Buyer purchase from such Seller or Sellers the Proposed Receivables described in such Purchase Request as well as the proposed Purchase Date thereof, which Purchase Date shall be a Settlement Date (or such other Business Day that Buyer may agree to with respect to any Purchase Request); provided, however, and notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if (i) the MUFG Platform is not operational or is otherwise offline or (ii) the Buyer has, in its discretion, instructed the Sellers that the MUFG Platform is no longer available for use, then such Seller or Sellers may deliver a Purchase Request to the Buyer in substantially the form of Schedule I attached hereto, and this Agreement shall be construed and interpreted accordingly, mutatis mutandis. If the Buyer, in its sole and absolute discretion, accepts a Purchase Request, then the Buyer shall purchase, and such Seller or Sellers shall sell, all of each applicable Seller s right, title and interest (but none of such Seller s underlying obligations to the applicable Account Debtor) with respect to such Proposed Receivables as of the Purchase Date (all such Proposed Receivables, once sold and purchased or purported to be sold and purchased, hereunder, collectively the Purchased Receivables ). (b) UNCOMMITTED ARRANGEMENT. EACH OF THE SELLERS ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS IS AN UNCOMMITTED ARRANGEMENT, THAT NO SELLER HAS PAID, OR IS REQUIRED TO PAY, A COMMITMENT FEE OR COMPARABLE FEE TO THE BUYER. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT, EACH SELLER EXPRESSLY AGREES THAT THE BUYER WILL NOT BE OBLIGATED TO PURCHASE ANY RECEIVABLE FROM ANY SELLER, AND THE BUYER MAY REFUSE, FOR ANY REASON OR FOR NO REASON, TO PURCHASE ANY RECEIVABLE OFFERED FOR PURCHASE BY ANY SELLER REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THE VARIOUS CONDITIONS TO PURCHASE SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT HAVE BEEN SATISFIED. (c) Conditions to Effectiveness. This Agreement shall become effective at such time as each of the conditions precedent set forth on Exhibit B to this Agreement has been satisfied to the reasonable satisfaction of the Buyer. (d) Conditions Precedent to Each Purchase. Without limiting the uncommitted nature of the Buyer s obligations as discussed in Section 1(b), the Buyer shall not purchase the Proposed Receivables described in such Purchase Request unless: 

2 734109631 19632855 (i) the Buyer has received a Purchase Request via the MUFG Platform (or, if applicable, in physical form in substantially the form of Schedule I attached hereto) with respect to the Proposed Receivables at least two (2) Business Days (or such shorter amount of time that Buyer may agree to, in its sole discretion, with respect to any Purchase Request) prior to the applicable Purchase Date, together with any such additional supporting documentation that the Buyer may have reasonably requested; (ii) the Buyer has accepted such Purchase Request and notified the applicable Sellers thereof (either via the MUFG Platform or otherwise); (iii) each of the representations and warranties made by each Seller, Servicer and any Performance Guarantor in this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents is true and correct in all material respects as of such Purchase Date or, in the case of any representation or warranty that speaks as to a particular date or period, as of that particular date or period; (iv) each Proposed Receivable described in such Purchase Request is an Eligible Receivable; and (v) immediately following the sale and purchase of the Proposed Receivables set forth in the related Purchase Request, (A) the Outstanding Purchase Amount will not exceed the Maximum Outstanding Purchase Amount and (B) the Outstanding Purchase Amount with respect to the Purchased Receivables payable by any Account Debtor will not exceed such Account Debtor s Purchase Sublimit. Each Purchase Request submitted by any Seller shall constitute a representation and warranty that each of the conditions outlined in this Section 1(d) has been satisfied. (e) Purchase Price. The purchase price for each Purchased Receivable purchased on any Purchase Date shall equal (i) the Net Invoice Amount of such Purchased Receivable, minus (ii) the Discount (such amount herein referred to as the Purchase Price ). The Buyer shall pay the Purchase Price minus the Dilution Reserve applicable to such Purchased Receivable (the Funded Amount with respect to each Purchased Receivable by depositing such Funded Amount thereof into the Sellers Account in immediately available funds denominated in Dollars on the applicable Purchase Date. For avoidance of doubt and not in limitation of any other provision of this Agreement, it is understood and agreed that the Dilution Reserve is the property of the Seller and represents part of the Purchase Price of the related Purchased Receivable, payable either as of the Settlement Date for a Purchased Receivable or in connection with the offset by Buyer of any obligations of the Sellers against such reserve as provided in Section 4(c) herein. (f) True Sale; No Recourse. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, each purchase of the Purchased Receivables is made without recourse to any Seller and no Seller shall have liability to the Buyer for the failure of any Account Debtor to pay any Purchased Receivable when it is due and payable under the terms applicable thereto. The Buyer and each Seller have structured the transactions contemplated by this Agreement as an absolute and irrevocable sale, and the Buyer and each Seller agree to treat each such transaction as a true sale for all purposes under Applicable Law and accounting principles, including, without limitation, in their respective books, records, computer files, tax returns (federal, state and local), regulatory and governmental filings (and shall reflect such sale in their respective financial statements). Each Seller will advise all Persons inquiring about the ownership of any Purchased Receivable that all Purchased Receivables have been sold to the Buyer. In the event that, contrary to the mutual intent of the parties hereto, any purchase of Purchased Receivables is not characterized as a sale, each Seller shall, effective as of the date hereof, be deemed to have granted to the Buyer (and each Seller hereby does grant to the Buyer), in addition to and not in substitution for the rights and remedies described in Section 5(g) hereof, a first priority security interest in and to any and all present and future Purchased Receivables and the proceeds thereof to secure all obligations of such Seller arising in connection with this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents, whether now or hereafter existing, due or to become due, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent. This Agreement shall be deemed to be a security agreement under Applicable Law. The Buyer may, at its discretion, file one or more UCC financing statements (or, if applicable, any foreign law equivalent thereof) evidencing the sale of the Purchased Receivables as well as the foregoing grant of security. With respect to such grant of a security interest, the Buyer may at its option, at any time following a Servicer Termination Event or a material breach by any Seller or Servicer of any of its representations, warranties or covenants under any 

3 734109631 19632855 Transaction Document, exercise from time to time any and all rights and remedies available to it hereunder, under the UCC or otherwise. Each Seller agrees that five (5) Business Days shall be reasonable prior notice to such Seller of the date of any public or private sale or other disposition of all or any of the Purchased Receivables. 2. Representations and Warranties. Each Seller and each Servicer represents and warrants to the Buyer on each Purchase Date that (i) the representations and warranties set forth on Exhibit C hereto are true and correct in all material respects as of such Purchase Date or, in the case of any representation or warranty that speaks as to a particular date or period, as of that particular date or period and (ii) each Proposed Receivable proposed to be purchased on such Purchase Date is an Eligible Receivable. 3. Covenants. Each Seller and each Servicer agrees to perform each of the covenants set forth on Exhibit D hereto 4. Servicing Activities. (a) Appointment of Servicer. The Buyer appoints each Seller as its servicer and agent (each, in such capacity, the Servicer and collectively, the Servicers for the administration and servicing of its Purchased Receivables sold by such Seller to the Buyer hereunder, and each Seller hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to assume the duties and the administration and servicing obligations as a Servicer, and perform all commercially reasonable and appropriate commercial servicing and collection activities in arranging the timely payment of amounts due and owing by any Account Debtor (including the identification of the proceeds of the Purchased Receivables and related record-keeping that shall be made available to the Buyer upon its reasonable request) all in accordance with Applicable Laws, with commercially reasonable care and diligence, including, without limitation, diligently and faithfully performing all servicing and collection actions in accordance with the terms hereof; provided, however, that such appointment as Servicer shall not release Seller from any of its duties, responsibilities, liabilities and obligations resulting from or arising hereunder. In connection with its servicing obligations, each Servicer will perform its duties under the Contract related to the Purchased Receivables with the same care and applying the same policies as it applies to its own Receivables generally and would exercise and apply if it owned the Purchased Receivables and shall act to maximize Collections thereon. (b) [Reserved]. (c) Transfer of Collections to the Buyer. Subject to Sections 4(d), 4(e) and 5(a) below, each Seller and Servicer covenant and agree to deposit in the Buyer s Account all Collections and other amounts received by any Seller or Servicer (or any of their respective Affiliates) with respect to Purchased Receivables without adjustment, setoff or deduction of any kind or nature no later than the first Settlement Date occurring at least three Business Days after such Collections are received; provided that on any Settlement Date for a Purchased Receivable, the Sellers may, with respect to any Purchased Receivable, deduct any remaining and unused Dilution Reserve with respect to such Purchased Receivable from the amounts transferred to the Buyer. Until remitted to the Buyer s Account, such Seller or Servicer will hold such funds in trust as the Buyer s exclusive property and safeguard such funds for the benefit of the Buyer. (d) Misdirected Payments. If the Buyer receives any payment from an Account Debtor not representing a Collection on a Purchased Receivable, the Buyer will return such payment to the applicable Seller upon receipt of satisfactory evidence that such amounts do not constitute Collections on Purchased Receivables. (e) Identifying Collections. Pursuant to its servicing obligations under Section 4(a) hereof, each Servicer shall be responsible for identifying, matching and reconciling any payments received from Account Debtors with the Receivable associated with such payment. If any payment is received from an Account Debtor, and such payment is not identified by such Account Debtor as relating to a particular Receivable and cannot otherwise be reasonably identified as relating to a particular Receivable within three Business Days of receipt thereof, such payment shall be applied first to the unpaid Purchased Receivables with respect to such Account Debtor in chronological order (beginning with the oldest unpaid Purchased Receivable), and then to Receivables with respect to such Account Debtor that are not Purchased Receivables, also in chronological order. 

4 734109631 19632855 (f) No Changes to Receivables. No Servicer shall compromise or settle any Purchased Receivable or extend the Due Date with respect thereto without the consent of the Buyer except as otherwise expressly provided for in Section 5(a) hereof; provided, that if the applicable Account Debtor so requests, the applicable Servicer may in its reasonable discretion allow such Account Debtor to make payment on such Purchased Receivable after such Due Date, but no later than the Adjusted Maturity Date thereof; provided, further, that the foregoing provision shall not be understood to grant to any Servicer the right to re-classify any delinquent Receivables as current. (g) Reconciliation Report; Dilution Reserve Report. Concurrently with (a) each transfer of funds by any Seller to the Buyer s Account pursuant to Sections 4 and 5 hereof and (b) each request by any Seller for a return of payments received by the Buyer that do not represent Collections on Purchased Receivables in accordance with Section 4(d), the Servicers shall provide to the Buyer, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Buyer, a full reconciliation of all Collections and adjustments (including repurchases thereof, indemnifications and setoffs with respect thereto, if any) with respect to each Purchased Receivable of an Account Debtor for which Collections were received (each, a Reconciliation Report together with a written report describing the status and amount of the Dilution Reserve for both each outstanding Purchased Receivable and each collected Purchased Receivable described in such Reconciliation Report (each a Dilution Reserve Report ). The Servicers shall submit each Reconciliation Report and each Dilution Reserve Report to the Buyer via the MUFG Platform; provided, however, and notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if (i) the MUFG Platform is not operational or is otherwise offline or (ii) the Buyer has, in its discretion, instructed the Servicers that the MUFG Platform is no longer available for use, then the Servicers may deliver a written Reconciliation Report and Dilution Reserve Report to the Buyer, and this Agreement shall be construed and interpreted accordingly, mutatis mutandis. (h) Non-Payment Report. If a Purchased Receivable remains unpaid, in part or in full, past the date that is thirty (30) Business Days after the applicable Adjusted Due Date therefor (an Overdue Receivable ), the applicable Servicer shall report to the Buyer in a written report describing in reasonable detail the cause of such non-payment, including whether a Dispute or Insolvency Event exists with respect to the applicable Account Debtor (each a Non-Payment Report and if the reason for such non-payment is not a Dispute or an Insolvency Event, the Buyer may in its sole discretion, upon at least five (5) Business Days prior notice to the applicable Servicer, (i) contact such Account Debtor by phone or in person to discuss the status of such Purchased Receivable and to inquire whether such payment delay or non-payment is due to a Dispute or Insolvency Event and when payment can be expected and/or (ii) take any other lawful action to collect such Purchased Receivable directly from such Account Debtor and/or (iii) terminate the appointment of the relevant Seller as Servicer with respect to such Purchased Receivable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event a Purchased Receivable has not been paid in full by the date that is thirty-five (35) Business Days after the Adjusted Due Date therefor, and the applicable Servicer has not provided to the Buyer a certification that the missed payment on such Overdue Receivable is a result of an Insolvency Event or other condition with the applicable Account Debtor which has caused the applicable Account Debtor to not have the financial ability to make payment on such Purchased Receivable (a Credit Default Certification ), together with evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Buyer that such Credit Default Certification is true and accurate, a Dispute shall be deemed to exist with respect to such Overdue Receivable. (i) Servicer Indemnification. Each Servicer hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer and its officers, directors, agents, representatives, shareholders, counsel, employees and each of their respective Affiliates, successors and assigns (each, an Indemnified Person from and against any and all damages, claims, losses, costs, expenses and liabilities (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and expenses of one firm of counsel to the Buyer and any participant in connection therewith, and if reasonably necessary, one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction and, solely in the case of an actual or potential conflict of interest, of one additional counsel for any such participant and, if reasonably necessary, one additional local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction) (all of the foregoing being collectively referred to as Indemnified Amounts arising out of or resulting from or related to (i) any failure by any Servicer to perform its duties or obligations as Servicer hereunder in accordance with this Agreement or to comply with any Applicable Law, (ii) any breach of any Servicer s representations, warranties or covenants under any Transaction Document or (iii) any claim brought by any Person other than an Indemnified Person arising from any Servicer s servicing or collection activities with respect to the Purchased Receivables; provided, however, that in all events there shall be excluded from the foregoing indemnification any damages, claims, losses, costs, expenses or liabilities to the extent resulting solely from (x) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of an Indemnified Person as determined in a final judgment by a court of 

5 734109631 19632855 competent jurisdiction or (y) the failure of an Account Debtor to pay any sum due under its Purchased Receivables by reason of the financial or credit condition of such Account Debtor (including, without limitation, the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to the applicable Account Debtor). Any amount due and payable pursuant to this section shall be paid to the Buyer s Account in immediately available funds by no later than the fifth (5th) Business Day following demand therefor delivered by the Buyer. (j) Replacement of Servicers. Following the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event with respect to a Servicer other than Hanes, the Buyer may, at its discretion, upon at least five (5) Business Days prior notice to the applicable Servicer, replace such Servicer with itself or any agent for the Buyer with respect to any and all Purchased Receivables. Following the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event with respect to Hanes, the Buyer may, at its discretion, upon at least five (5) Business Days prior notice to the applicable Servicers, replace any or all Servicers with itself or any agent for the Buyer with respect to any and all Purchased Receivables Sellers shall be responsible for all reasonable costs and expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and shall promptly reimburse the Buyer with respect to same. (k) The Buyer as Attorney-in-Fact. Sellers hereby appoint the Buyer as the true and lawful attorney-in-fact of Sellers, with full power of substitution, coupled with an interest, and hereby authorizes and empowers the Buyer in the name and on behalf of Sellers at any time following removal of any Seller as Servicer following the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event, upon at least five (5) Business Days prior notice to the applicable Servicer, to take such actions, and execute and deliver such documents, as the Buyer deems necessary or advisable in connection with any applicable Purchased Receivable (i) to perfect the purchase and sale of such Purchased Receivable, including, without limitation, to send a notice of such purchase and sale to the Account Debtor of the transfers contemplated hereby and the sale of such Purchased Receivable or (ii) to make collection of and otherwise realize the benefits of such Purchased Receivable. At any time following removal of any Seller as Servicer following the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event and upon at least five (5) Business Days prior notice to the applicable Servicer, the Buyer shall have the right to bring suit, in the Buyer s or any Seller s name, and generally have all other rights of an owner and holder respecting each applicable Purchased Receivable, including without limitation the right to accelerate or extend the time of payment, settle, compromise, release in whole or in part any amounts owing on such Purchased Receivables and issue credits in its own name or the name of such Seller. At any time following removal of any Seller as Servicer following the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event, the Buyer may endorse or sign the Buyer s or any Seller s name on any checks or other instruments with respect to any applicable Purchased Receivables or the goods covered thereby. The Buyer shall not be liable for any actions taken by it in accordance with this Section unless such actions constitute the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Buyer as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final judgment. This power of attorney, being coupled with an interest, is irrevocable and shall not expire until the Final Collection Date. 5. Deemed Collections; Repurchase Events; Indemnities and Set-Off. (a) Deemed Collections. If, on any day, the outstanding balance of a Purchased Receivable is reduced (but not cancelled) as a result of any Dilution (other than any Dilutions specifically taken into account in determining the Purchase Price for such Receivable), the applicable Seller shall be deemed to have received on such day a Collection of such Purchased Receivable in the amount of such reduction. If on any day a Purchased Receivable is cancelled (or reduced to zero) as a result of any Dilution (other than any Dilutions specifically taken into account in determining the Purchase Price for such Receivable), the applicable Seller shall be deemed to have received on such day a Collection of such Purchased Receivable in the amount of the Outstanding Purchase Amount of such Purchased Receivable (as determined immediately prior to such Dilution). Any amount deemed to have been received under this Section 5(a) shall constitute a Deemed Collection provided, however, to the extent any Purchased Receivable for which a Deemed Collection is deemed to have been received has an existing Dilution Reserve that is greater than 0, no payment shall be required by any Seller with respect to any Deemed Collections on such Purchased Receivables until such time as the aggregate Deemed Collections on such Purchased Receivable exceed such Purchased Receivable s Dilution Reserve (which shall be reduced on a dollar for dollar basis equal to the amount of such Deemed Collection until reduced to zero), and then only in the amount of such excess. The aggregate Dilution Reserve payable to a Seller in accordance with the terms hereof on any Settlement Date and the aggregate Deemed Collections payable on such Settlement Date may be netted against each other in making the determination as to what payments are required on such day. 

6 734109631 19632855 (b) Repurchase Events. If any of the following events (each, an Repurchase Event occurs with respect to a Purchased Receivable: (i) such Purchased Receivable was not an Eligible Receivable on the Purchase Date thereof; (ii) any Seller or Servicer fails to perform or observe any other term, covenant or agreement with respect to such Purchased Receivable set forth in any Transaction Document or any related Contract and such failure shall or could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the ability to collect the Net Invoice Amount of such Purchased Receivable on the Adjusted Due Date thereof; or (iii) a Dispute has arisen with respect to any Purchased Receivable, then, the applicable Seller shall, upon obtaining knowledge thereof, immediately deliver notice thereof to the Buyer and, at the time, in the manner and otherwise as hereinafter set forth, repurchase such Purchased Receivable at the Buyer s option and demand. The repurchase price for a Purchased Receivable shall be the amount equal to (i) the Purchase Price for such Purchased Receivable, net of any Collections or other payments received by the Buyer with respect to such Purchased Receivable, plus (ii) the Discount applicable to such Purchased Receivable and accrued for the period from the applicable Purchase Date to the date on which such Purchased Receivable is repurchased, plus (iii) all other amounts then payable by the applicable Seller under the Transaction Documents with respect to such Purchased Receivable as of the date on which such Purchased Receivable is repurchased (such amount herein referred to as the Repurchase Price ). The Repurchase Price for any Purchased Receivable shall be paid to the Buyer s Account in immediately available funds by no later than the fifth (5th) Business Day following demand therefor by the Buyer. Upon the payment in full of the repurchase price with respect to a Purchased Receivable, such Purchased Receivable shall hereby be, and be deemed to be, repurchased by such Seller from the Buyer without recourse to or warranty by the Buyer. To the extent an affected Purchased Receivable has an existing Dilution Reserve that is greater than 0, the applicable Seller shall receive a credit against the Repurchase Price of such Purchased Receivable on a dollar for dollar basis (which credit will also reduce such Dilution Reserve on the same basis). (c) Seller Indemnification. Each Seller hereby agrees jointly and severally to indemnify each Indemnified Person and hold each Indemnified Person harmless from and against any and all Indemnified Amounts arising out of or resulting from or related to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or the ownership, maintenance or funding, directly or indirectly, of the Purchased Receivable (or any of them) or otherwise arising out of or resulting from the actions or inactions of any Seller or any of its Affiliates, including, without limitation, any of the following: (i) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by such Seller (or any of its officers) under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document that shall have been incorrect when made; (ii) the failure by any Seller to perform any of its covenants or obligations under any Transaction Document; (iii) the failure by any Seller or any Purchased Receivable or Contract to comply with any Applicable Law; (iv) the failure to vest in the Buyer ownership of, and a first-priority perfected security interest (within the meaning of the UCC) in, each Purchased Receivable and all Collections in respect thereof, free and clear of any Adverse Claim; (v) any Dispute, Dilution or any other claim resulting from the services performed or merchandise furnished in connection with any Purchased Receivable or the furnishing or failure to furnish such services or merchandise or relating to collection activities with respect to any Purchased Receivable; (vi) any suit or claim related to any Receivable, any Contract or any Transaction Document; (vii) the commingling by any Seller of Collections at any time with other funds of such Seller or any other Person or (viii) any civil penalty or fine assessed by OFAC or any other Governmental Authority administering any Anti-Terrorism Law, Anti-Corruption Law or Sanctions, and all reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable documented legal fees and disbursements) incurred in connection with defense thereof by, any Indemnified Person in connection with the Transaction Documents as a result of any action of the Seller or any of its respective Affiliates; provided, however, that in all events there shall be excluded from the foregoing indemnification any Indemnified Amounts to the extent resulting solely from (x) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of an Indemnified Person as determined in a final judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction or (y) the failure of an Account Debtor to pay any sum due under its Purchased Receivables by reason of the financial or credit condition of such Account Debtor (including, without limitation, the occurrence 

7 734109631 19632855 of an Insolvency Event with respect to the applicable Account Debtor). Any amount due and payable pursuant to this section shall be paid to the Buyer s Account in immediately available funds by no later than the fifth (5th) Business Day following demand therefor by the Buyer. (d) Tax Indemnification. All payments on the Purchased Receivables from the Account Debtors and Sellers will be made free and clear of any present or future taxes, withholdings or other deductions whatsoever that arise by reason of the sale of the Purchased Receivables to the Buyer Sale Transaction Taxes or relating to the underlying transactions between the applicable Seller and the related Account Debtors that gave rise to such Purchased Receivables Prior Transaction Taxes or arise by reason of the imposition of any withholding taxes on amounts paid by such Account Debtors or Seller to the Buyer with respect to a Purchased Receivable pursuant to this Agreement Payment Transaction Taxes ), except as required by Applicable Law. If any applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of the Account Debtor) requires the deduction or withholding of any Sale Transaction Taxes or Prior Transaction Taxes or Payment Transaction Taxes from any such payments, then the Seller or the related Account Debtors shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law. Each Seller jointly and severally will indemnify the Buyer and hold the Buyer harmless from any Sale Transaction Taxes, Prior Transaction Taxes, and Payment Transaction Taxes other than any such taxes that are imposed as a result of the failure of the Buyer to deliver any forms reasonably requested by Sellers, where the Buyer is legally able to deliver such forms without undue burden or expense. Further, each Seller shall pay and indemnify and hold the Buyer harmless from and against, any Sale Transaction Taxes or Prior Transaction Taxes or Payment Transaction Taxes that may at any time be asserted (including any sales, occupational, excise, gross receipts, personal property, privilege or license taxes, or withholdings, but not including taxes imposed upon the Buyer with respect to its overall net income or taxes excluded pursuant to the proviso in the immediately preceding sentence) and costs, expenses and reasonable attorneys fees and expenses in defending against the same, whether arising by reason of the acts to be performed by any Seller hereunder or otherwise. Any amount due and payable pursuant to this section shall be paid to the Buyer s Account in immediately available funds by no later than the fifteenth (15th) Business Day following demand therefor delivered by the Buyer to the Sellers together with reasonable evidence of such amount being due and payable. (e) Set-Off. Each Seller and Servicer hereby irrevocably instruct and authorize the Buyer to setoff, appropriate and apply (without presentment, demand, protest or other notice which are hereby expressly waived) any deposits and any other indebtedness held or owing by the Buyer or any branch, agency, representative office or Subsidiary thereof, including the payment of the Purchase Price for any Proposed Receivables, to, or for the account of, any Seller or any Servicer or any Performance Guarantor against amounts owing by each Seller or Servicer hereunder or under any other Transaction Document (even if contingent or unmatured). (f) UCC. The rights granted to the Buyer hereunder are in addition to all other rights and remedies afforded to the Buyer as a secured party under the UCC. 6. Notices. Unless otherwise provided herein, all communications by any party to any other party hereunder or any other Transaction Document shall be in a writing personally delivered or sent by a recognized overnight delivery service, or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, or by email to such party, as the case may be, at its address set forth below: If to Hanes, Knights, GFSI, CC Products, or Alternative, as a Seller or Servicer: 1000 East Hanes Mill Road Winston-Salem, North Carolina 27105 Attention: Jodie F. Covington Tel: (336) 519-4930 Email: Jodie.covington@hanes.com 

8 734109631 19632855 With a copy to: 1000 East Hanes Mill Road Winston-Salem, North Carolina 27105 Attention: Elizabeth C. Southern Tel: (336) 519-6661 Email: Beth.Southern@hanes.com If to the Buyer (other than Purchase Requests): MUFG Bank, Ltd. 1221 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10020 Attention: Greg Hurst Tel: 212-782-6963 Email: rhurst@us.mufg.jp With a copy to: MUFG Bank, Ltd. 1251 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10020-1104 Attention: Amy Mellon Grandis Tel: 212-782-4638 Email: amellon@us.mufg.jp If to the Buyer (Purchase Requests only) also add: MUFG Bank, Ltd. 1221 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10020 Attention: Yumi Motai, Elizabeth Colon Tel: 212-782-5554, 212-782-5716 Email: ymotai@us.mufg.jp, ecolon@us.mufg.jp Each Seller and Servicer agree that the Buyer may presume the authenticity, genuineness, accuracy, completeness and due execution of any email bearing a facsimile or scanned signature resembling a signature of an authorized Person of such Seller or Servicer without further verification or inquiry by the Buyer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Buyer in its reasonable discretion may elect not to act or rely upon such a communication and shall be entitled (but not obligated) to make inquiries or require further Seller or Servicer action to authenticate any such communication. Any Purchase Request, and any supporting documentation in connection herewith or therewith, such as copies of invoices, not submitted via the MUFG Platform may be sent by any Seller or Servicer by electronic mail attachment in portable document format (.pdf). A party may change the address at which it is to receive notices hereunder by written notice in the foregoing manner given to the other parties hereto. 7. Expenses. Each Seller hereby agrees, jointly and severally, to reimburse the Buyer on demand for: (a) all actual and reasonable costs and expenses (including due diligence expenses) incurred by the Buyer in connection with the negotiation, preparation and execution of the Transaction Documents (including this Agreement), including all reasonable expenses and accountants , consultants and attorneys fees of one firm of counsel to the Buyer and any participant in connection therewith (and if reasonably necessary, one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction) and, solely in the case of an actual or potential conflict of interest, of one additional counsel for such participant (and, if reasonably necessary, one additional local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction); (b) the administration (including periodic auditing as provided for herein) of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby, including all reasonable expenses 

9 734109631 19632855 and accountants , consultants and attorneys fees incurred in connection with the administration and maintenance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby; (c) all reasonable and documented costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses of one firm of counsel to the Buyer and any participant in connection therewith (and if reasonably necessary, one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction) and, solely in the case of an actual or potential conflict of interest, of one additional counsel for such participant (and, if reasonably necessary, one additional local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction)) the Buyer incurs in connection with the enforcement of this Section 7, or any of its other rights under this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents by such Seller (including all such expenses incurred during any work-out or negotiation in respect of the obligations of such Seller hereunder); and (d) all stamp and other similar taxes and fees payable or determined to be payable in connection with the execution, delivery, filing and recording of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents. 8. Interest on Overdue Amounts. All amounts due for payment by any Seller or Servicer to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement shall accrue interest at the Overdue Payment Rate from the date on which payment thereof is due until the date on which payment thereof is made in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 9. Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF THE PARTIES HERETO, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, BUT WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY OTHER CONFLICTS OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THE PERFECTION, THE EFFECT OF PERFECTION OR PRIORITY OF THE INTERESTS OF THE BUYER IN THE PURCHASED RECEIVABLES IS GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF A JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE STATE OF NEW YORK). 10. No Non-Direct Damages. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, Seller and the Servicer shall not assert, and each Seller hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnified Person, and Buyer shall not assert, and Buyer hereby waives, any claim against Seller, Servicer or Performance Guarantor on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Transaction Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. No Seller, Servicer, or Indemnified Person shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby; provided that the waiver provided for in this sentence shall not apply to damages resulting directly from such Person s own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final judgment. 11. Joinder of Additional Sellers. At any time during the term of this Agreement, with the written consent of the Buyer in its sole and absolute discretion, one or more additional U.S. subsidiaries of Hanes (each, an Additional Seller ), may join this Agreement as a Seller in all respects by delivering a Joinder Agreement to the Buyer along with such other approvals, certificates, legal opinions and other documents as the Buyer may reasonably request, in each case, generally consistent with the documents delivered on the Closing Date, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Buyer. Upon receipt of such Joinder Agreement and such other documents, such Additional Seller shall become a Seller hereunder, subject to the rights, duties and obligations of a Seller in all respects. 12. Joint and Several Obligations. The obligations of the Sellers hereunder are joint and several. To the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Law, until the Final Collection Date, each Seller hereby waives any claim, right or remedy that such Seller now has or hereafter acquires against any other Seller that arises hereunder including, without limitation, any claim, remedy or right of subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution, indemnification, or participation in any claim, right or remedy of the Buyer against any Seller or any of its property which the Buyer now has or hereafter acquires, whether or not such claim, right or remedy arises in equity, under 

10 734109631 19632855 contract, by statute, under common law or otherwise. In addition, until the Final Collection Date, each Seller hereby waives any right to proceed against the other Sellers, now or hereafter, for contribution, indemnity, reimbursement, and any other suretyship rights and claims, whether direct or indirect, liquidated or contingent, whether arising under express or implied contract or by operation of law, which any Seller may now have or hereafter have as against the other Seller with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 13. General Provisions. (a) Final Agreement. This Agreement represents the final agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings and agreements with respect to such subject matter. No provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived except by a writing signed by the parties hereto. This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the respective successors and permitted assigns of each of the parties; provided, however, that no Seller or Servicer may assign any of its rights hereunder without the Buyer s prior written consent, given or withheld in the Buyer s sole discretion. The Buyer shall have the right to sell, transfer, negotiate, or grant participations in all or any part of, or any interest in, the Buyer s obligations, rights and benefits hereunder (including in any Purchased Receivables); provided, that, other than with respect to any such sale, transfer, negotiation, or participation in any Purchased Receivable (for which no consent shall be required but prompt notice thereof shall be delivered to Hanes), the Buyer shall, unless a Servicer Termination Event has occurred, obtain the prior written consent of Hanes to any such sale, transfer, negotiation, or participation (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). (b) Severability. Any provisions of this Agreement that are prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. (c) Execution; Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute but one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by electronic mail attachment in portable document format (.pdf) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. (d) Termination. The term of this Agreement shall last from the initial effective date hereof until terminated by either the Buyer or the Sellers convenience at any time by thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement, including all covenants, representations and warranties, repurchase obligations and indemnities made herein shall continue in full force and effect until the Final Collection Date. Each Seller s and Servicer s obligations to indemnify the Buyer with respect to the expenses, damages, losses, costs and liabilities shall survive until the later of (x) the Final Collection Date and (y) all applicable statute of limitations periods with respect to actions that may be brought by the Buyer under the Transaction Documents have run. (e) LIBO Rate Cessation. Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if the Buyer determines (which determination shall be binding and conclusive) that quotations of interest rates for the relevant deposits in the definition of LIBO Rate in Exhibit A are not being provided in the relevant amounts or for the relevant maturities for purposes of determining the appropriate Account Debtor Discount Rates applicable to the Proposed Receivables included on any Purchase Request (whether by reason of circumstances affecting the London interbank Eurodollar market or otherwise) or adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the LIBO Rate or the LIBO Rate does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to the Buyer of funding a Purchase Request, then the Buyer shall give the Sellers prompt notice thereof, and so long as such condition remains in effect, (i) no Purchase Request shall be funded using the LIBO Rate as a component of the Discount and (ii) all outstanding and future Purchase Requests shall be funded using a Discount that is calculated based on the Prime Rate plus a margin, which margin shall have the effect of approximating the return to the Buyer that was expected prior to the existence of such condition. If (i) the foregoing unavailability or inadequacy with respect to the LIBO Rate is not of a temporary nature or (ii) the Buyer determines that (A) the administrator of the LIBO Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over such administrator or the Buyer (or any other Person on behalf of such administrator or Governmental Authority) has made or published a public statement announcing that (1) the 

11 734109631 19632855 administrator of the LIBO Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the LIBO Rate, permanently or indefinitely (provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, no successor administrator will continue to provide the LIBO Rate), or (2) the LIBO Rate is no longer representative or (B) non-recourse and limited recourse accounts receivable purchase facilities that include similar language to that contained in this Section 1(e) are being executed or amended to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate (including any mathematical or other adjustments to the benchmark (if any) incorporated therein) to replace the LIBO Rate, then the Buyer and the Sellers shall negotiate in good faith with a view to agreeing upon another mutually acceptable benchmark interest rate (including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark) for the Purchase Requests and such other related changes to this Agreement as may be applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, if such alternate benchmark interest rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. Each determination by the Buyer shall be conclusive absent manifest error. (f) Calculation of Interest. All interest amounts calculated on a per annum basis hereunder are calculated on the basis of a year of three hundred and sixty (360) days. (g) WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT THAT IT MAY HAVE TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREIN, INCLUDING CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW OR STATUTORY CLAIMS. (h) CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT IT IRREVOCABLY (i) SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION, FIRST, OF ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL COURT, AND SECOND, IF FEDERAL JURISDICTION IS NOT AVAILABLE, OF ANY NEW YORK STATE COURT, IN EITHER CASE SITTING IN NEW YORK CITY, NEW YORK, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT, (ii) AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED ONLY IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE OR FEDERAL COURT AND NOT IN ANY OTHER COURT, AND (iii) WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT IT MAY EFFECTIVELY DO SO, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING. (i) WAIVER OF IMMUNITIES. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT TO THE EXTENT THAT IT HAS OR HEREAFTER MAY ACQUIRE ANY IMMUNITY FROM THE JURISDICTION OF ANY COURT OR FROM ANY LEGAL PROCESS (WHETHER THROUGH SERVICE OR NOTICE, ATTACHMENT PRIOR TO JUDGMENT, ATTACHMENT IN AID TO EXECUTION, EXECUTION OR OTHERWISE) WITH RESPECT TO ITSELF OR ITS PROPERTY, IT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES SUCH IMMUNITY IN RESPECT OF ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT. (j) Captions and Cross References. The various captions in this Agreement are provided solely for convenience of reference and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision of this Agreement. Unless otherwise indicated, references in this Agreement to any Section, Schedule or Exhibit are to such Section of or Schedule or Exhibit to this Agreement, as the case may be, and references in any Section, subsection, or clause to any subsection, clause or subclause are to such subsection, clause or subclause of such Section, subsection or clause. (k) No Party Deemed Drafter. Each Servicer, Seller and the Buyer agree that no party hereto shall be deemed to be the drafter of this Agreement. (l) PATRIOT Act. The Buyer hereby notifies each other party hereto that pursuant to the requirements of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the PATRIOT Act ), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each such party, which information includes the name, address, tax identification number and other information that will allow the Buyer to identify such party in accordance with the PATRIOT Act. This notice is given in accordance with the requirements of the 

12 734109631 19632855 PATRIOT Act. Promptly following any request therefor, each party to this Agreement shall deliver to the Buyer all documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authorities requested by the Buyer for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer requirements under the PATRIOT Act, the Beneficial Ownership Rule or other applicable anti-money laundering laws, rules and regulations. (m) Divisions. For all purposes under the Transaction Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws): (i) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (ii) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Capital Stock at such time. (n) Accounting Treatment; Non-Reliance. Each Seller and each Servicer agrees and acknowledges that (i) it is a sophisticated party in relation to this Agreement; (ii) it has made its own independent decision to enter into the Agreement, the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and, in connection therewith, has obtained such independent accounting, legal, tax, financial and other advice as it deems necessary and appropriate (including, without limitation, as to the appropriate treatment of such transactions for accounting, legal, tax and other purposes) and (iii) it has not relied upon any representation or advice from the Buyer, any of their affiliates or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, contractors, counsel, advisors or other representatives in this regard. (o) Confidentiality. Each party hereto agrees to hold the Transaction Documents, the transactions contemplated thereby and all non-public information received by it in connection therewith from any other party hereto or its agents or representatives in confidence and agrees not to provide any Person with copies of this Agreement or such non-public information other than to (i) its affiliates and any officers, directors, members, managers, employees or outside accountants, auditors or attorneys of such party or its affiliates, (ii) any prospective or actual assignee or participant which (in each case) has signed a confidentiality agreement containing provisions substantively identical to this Section 13(o) or has agreed to be subject to the terms of this Section 13(o), (iii) credit support providers if they agree to hold it confidential pursuant to customary commercial terms, (iv) Governmental Authorities with appropriate jurisdiction (including filings required under securities Laws) and (v) appropriate filings under the UCC. Notwithstanding the above stated obligations, the parties hereto will not be liable for disclosure or use of such information which: (i) was required by Applicable Law, including pursuant to a valid subpoena or other legal process, (ii) is disclosed or used in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (iii) was in such Person s possession or known to such Person prior to receipt or (iv) is or becomes known to the public through disclosure in a printed publication (without breach of any of such Person s obligations hereunder). [Signatures Commence on the Following Page] 

734109631 19632855 Schedule I-1 Schedule I Form of Purchase Request [date] MUFG Bank, Ltd. 1221 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10020 Attention: Yumi Motai, Elizabeth Colon Email: ymotai@us.mufg.jp, ecolon@us.mufg.jp Reference is hereby made to that certain Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 11, 2019, by and among HANESBRANDS INC., a Maryland corporation, KNIGHTS APPAREL LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, GFSI LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, CC PRODUCTS LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, ALTERNATIVE APPAREL, INC., a Delaware corporation, and any other seller from time to time party thereto (each, in such capacity, a Seller and collectively, the Sellers ), and as servicers (each, in such capacity, a Servicer and collectively, the Servicers ), and MUFG BANK, LTD., as buyer (the Buyer (as it may be amended, restated, modified or supplemented from time to time, the Agreement capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in, or by reference in, the Agreement). Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Sellers party hereto hereby request that the Buyer purchase from such Sellers on ___________ ____, 20____, the Proposed Receivables listed on the exhibit attached hereto with an aggregate Net Invoice Amount of _____________. Each Seller party hereto represents and warrants that each of the conditions precedent outlined in Section 1(c) of the Agreement will be satisfied in connection with such proposed purchase. Upon acceptance by the Buyer of this Purchase Request and payment of the aggregate Purchase Price, the Buyer hereby purchases, and the Sellers party hereto hereby sell, all of such Sellers right, title and interest (but none of Sellers underlying obligations to the applicable Account Debtor) with respect to the Proposed Receivables set forth on the attached exhibit as of the date hereof, and such Proposed Receivables shall become Purchased Receivables in the manner set forth in the Agreement. [HANESBRANDS INC. By:______________________________________ Name: Title:] [KNIGHTS APPAREL LLC By:______________________________________ Name: Title:] [GFSI LLC By:______________________________________ 

Schedule I-2 734109631 19632855 Name: Title:] [CC PRODUCTS LLC By:______________________________________ Name: Title:] [ALTERNATIVE APPAREL, INC. By:______________________________________ Name: Title:] REQUEST ACCEPTED: MUFG BANK, LTD. By:______________________________________ Title:_____________________________________ 

Schedule I-3 734109631 19632855 List of Accounts Receivable for Account Debtor(s): [____________] Proposed for Sale as of ____________, 20__ CALCULATION OF PURCHASE SUBLIMIT (all amounts in Dollars) FOR ACCOUNT DEBTOR: _____________________________________ Outstanding Purchase Amount with respect to applicable Account Debtor (excluding Proposed Receivables): Net Invoice Amount for Proposed Receivables: Total Outstanding Purchase Amount for applicable Account Debtor (not to exceed applicable Purchase Sublimit for such Account Debtor): CALCULATION OF PURCHASE SUBLIMIT (all amounts in Dollars) FOR ACCOUNT DEBTOR: _____________________________________ Outstanding Purchase Amount with respect to applicable Account Debtor (excluding Proposed Receivables): Net Invoice Amount for Proposed Receivables: Total Outstanding Purchase Amount for applicable Account Debtor (not to exceed applicable Purchase Sublimit for such Account Debtor): CALCULATION OF TOTAL OUTSTANDING PURCHASE AMOUNT (all amounts in Dollars) Outstanding Purchase Amount with respect to all Account Debtors (excluding Proposed Receivables): Net Invoice Amount for Proposed Receivables: Total Outstanding Purchase Amount (not to exceed __________________): Seller Account Debtor Invoice Number Net Invoice Amount Due Date [Default Rate of Interest or Fees (if any)] 

Schedule II-1 734109631 19632855 Schedule II Account Debtors ACCOUNT DEBTOR NAME ACCOUNT DEBTOR PURCHASE SUBLIMIT ACCOUNT DEBTOR DISCOUNT RATE DILUTION RESERVE PERCENTAGE ACCOUNT DEBTOR BUFFER PERIOD MAXIMUM TENOR Kohl s Corporation 95,000,000 LIBO Rate + 0.85 0 15 days Ninety (90) days 

Exhibit A-1 734109631 19632855 Exhibit A Certain Defined Terms A. Defined Terms. As used herein, the following terms shall have the following meanings: Account Debtor means a Person listed as an account debtor on Schedule II to this Agreement, as such Schedule may be modified or supplemented from time to time, as agreed to in writing by the Sellers and the Buyer in their respective sole and absolute discretion. Account Debtor Buffer Period means for each Account Debtor, the number of days set forth under the heading Account Debtor Buffer Period for such Account Debtor on Schedule II to this Agreement, as such Schedule may be modified or supplemented from time to time, as agreed to in writing by the Sellers and the Buyer in their respective sole and absolute discretion. Account Debtor Discount Rate means with respect to any Account Debtor, the Account Debtor Discount Rate specified for such Account Debtor on Schedule II to this Agreement, as such Schedule may be modified or supplemented from time to time, as agreed to in writing by the Sellers and the Buyer in their respective sole and absolute discretion. Additional Seller has the meaning set forth in Section 11 hereof. Adjusted Due Date means, with respect to any Purchased Receivable, the date that corresponds to the Due Date with respect to such Purchased Receivable plus the Account Debtor Buffer Period for the Account Debtor of such Purchased Receivable. Adverse Claim means any ownership interest or claim, mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, lien, security interest, hypothecation, charge or other encumbrance or security arrangement of any nature whatsoever, whether voluntarily or involuntarily given, including, but not limited to, any conditional sale or title retention arrangement, and any assignment, deposit arrangement or lease intended as, or having the effect of, security; it being understood that any thereof in favor of, or assigned to, the Buyer shall not constitute an Adverse Claim. Affiliate when used with respect to a Person means any other current or future Person controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, such Person. For the purposes of this definition, control of a Person means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of its management and policies, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. Agreement has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to any Seller or any of its Affiliates from time to time relating to bribery or corruption. Anti-Terrorism Laws means each of: (a) the Executive Order; (b) the PATRIOT Act; (c) the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, 18 U.S.C. Sect. 1956 and any successor statute thereto; (d) the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada); (e) the Bank Secrecy Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; and (f) any other Applicable Law of the United States, Canada or any member state of the European Union now or hereafter enacted to monitor, deter or otherwise prevent: (i) terrorism or (ii) the funding or support of terrorism or (iii) money laundering. Applicable Law means any law (including common law), constitution, statute, treaty, regulation, rule, ordinance, order, injunction, writ, decree, judgment, award or similar item of or by a Governmental Authority or any interpretation, implementation or application thereof. Beneficial Ownership Rule means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 

Exhibit A-2 734109631 19632855 Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banks in New York City are required or permitted to close; provided, when used in connection with determining the LIBO Rate, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for dealings in dollar deposits in the London interbank market. Buyer has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. Buyer s Account means the account specified as such in Exhibit G hereto, or such other bank account identified in writing by the Buyer to Seller from time to time. Capital Stock means, with respect to any Person, any and all common shares, preferred shares, interests, participations, rights in or other equivalents (however designated) of such Person s capital stock, partnership interests, limited liability company interests, membership interests or other equivalent interests and any rights (other than debt securities convertible into or exchangeable for capital stock), warrants or options exchangeable for or convertible into such capital stock or other equity interests. Certification of Beneficial Owner(s) means a certification regarding beneficial ownership of a Seller as required by the Beneficial Ownership Rule. Change of Control means Hanes, at any time, (i) ceasing to own, directly or indirectly, free and clear of any Adverse Claim and on a fully diluted basis, one hundred percent (100 of the Capital Stock of each Seller (other than Hanes) or (ii) ceasing to control each Seller (other than Hanes). For the purposes of this definition, control of a Person means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of its management and policies, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. Closing Date means the date of this Agreement. Collections means, with respect to any Receivable: (a) all funds that are received by any Seller or Servicer or any Affiliate on their behalf in payment of any amounts owed in respect of such Receivable (including purchase price, finance charges, interest and all other charges), or applied to amounts owed in respect of such Receivable (including insurance payments and net proceeds of the sale or other disposition of repossessed goods or other collateral or property of the related Account Debtor of such Receivable or any other Person directly or indirectly liable for the payment of such Receivable and available to be applied thereon), (b) all Deemed Collections, (c) all proceeds of all Related Security with respect to such Receivable and (d) all other proceeds of such Receivable. Contract means, for each Receivable, the invoice therefor and any other agreement or documentation between the applicable Seller and the applicable Account Debtor giving rise to, and/or setting forth terms and conditions related to the creation and payment of, such Receivable, including in each case any amendments. Cost of Funds Rate means the rate per annum quoted from time to time as such by the Buyer, which rate shall be determined and calculated by the Buyer in its sole discretion, taking into account factors including, but not limited to, the Buyer s external and internal funding costs and prevailing interbank market rates and conditions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Cost of Funds Rate shall be less than 0 , such rate shall be deemed 0 for purposes of this Agreement. Credit and Collection Policy means, as the context may require, those receivables credit and collection policies and practices of each Seller and Servicer in effect on the date hereof as modified in compliance with this Agreement. Deemed Collection has the meaning set forth in Section 5(a) hereof. Dilution means on any date after the date of the related Purchase Date with respect to a Purchased Receivable, an amount equal to the sum, without duplication, of the aggregate reduction effected on such day in the outstanding balance of such Purchased Receivable attributable to any non-cash items including credits, rebates, 

Exhibit A-3 734109631 19632855 billing errors, sales or similar taxes, cash discounts, volume discounts, allowances, chargebacks, returned or repossessed goods, sales and marketing discounts, warranties, any unapplied credit memos and other non-cash adjustments or reductions that are made in respect of Account Debtors; provided, however, that (a) writeoffs to the extent related to the financial or credit condition of an Account Debtor (including the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to the applicable Account Debtor) and (b) Disputes, in each case, shall not constitute Dilution. Dilution Reserve means with respect to any Purchased Receivable, initially, the Net Invoice Amount of such Purchased Receivable multiplied by the Dilution Reserve Percentage applicable to such Purchased Receivable, as such amount is reduced through the payment to Seller or application to any Dilutions from time to time after the Purchase Date for such Purchased Receivable in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Dilution Reserve Percentage means, with respect to Purchased Receivables owed by an Account Debtor, the percentage forth under the heading Dilution Reserve Percentage for such Account Debtor on Schedule II to this Agreement, as such Schedule may be modified or supplemented from time to time, as agreed to in writing by the Sellers and the Buyer in their respective sole and absolute discretion. Dilution Reserve Report has the meaning set forth in Section 4(g). Discount means, with respect to each Purchased Receivable purchased on a Purchase Date related to a specific Account Debtor, the discount cost applied by the Buyer to such Purchased Receivable, equal to the product of (a)(i) if the Purchase Request for such Purchased Receivable was not received at least two (2) Business Days prior to the applicable Purchase Date in accordance with Section 1(d)(i), the Cost of Funds Rate and, (ii) otherwise, the applicable Account Debtor Discount Rate per annum, determined as of the Purchase Date for such Purchased Receivables, multiplied by (b) the result of (i) the applicable Discount Period, divided by (ii) 360. Discount Period means, with respect to any Purchased Receivable, the sum of the number of days from and including (i) the Purchase Date for such Purchased Receivable and to, but not including, (ii) the first Settlement Date occurring after the Adjusted Due Date for such Purchased Receivable. Dispute means any dispute, discount, deduction, claim, offset, defense, or counterclaim or similar position asserted of any kind relating to one or more Receivables (x) arising on account of the goods relating to such Receivables having been lost or damaged prior to receipt thereof by the related Account Debtor or otherwise not delivered to such Account Debtor in accordance with the Contract related thereto; (y) arising on account of the return of goods by an Account Debtor to any Seller, Servicer, any of their respective Affiliates or successors or assigns (including the Buyer) relating to its obligation to pay an amount due with respect to a Purchased Receivable, or (z) otherwise asserted by the related Account Debtor as being a basis for non-payment in full of the Receivable (other than (1) any Dilutions specifically taken into account in determining the Purchase Price for such Receivable and (2) disputes due only to the applicable Account Debtor s financial or credit condition (including, without limitation, the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to the applicable Account Debtor)); regardless of whether the same (i) is in an amount greater than, equal to or less than the applicable Purchased Receivable concerned or (ii) arises by reason of an act of God, civil strife, war, currency restrictions, foreign political restrictions or regulations, or any other circumstance or event beyond the control of such Seller or the applicable Account Debtor. Dollars means United States Dollars, the lawful currency of the United States of America. Due Date means, with respect to any Purchased Receivable, the date the related Contract provides for timely payment in full of the amounts owing thereunder. Eligible Receivable means a Receivable with respect to which each of the Eligibility Criteria set forth in Exhibit E is satisfied. Repurchase Events has the meaning set forth in Section 5(b) hereof. 

Exhibit A-4 734109631 19632855 Executive Order means Executive Order No. 13224 on Terrorist Financings: Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten To Commit, or Support Terrorism issued on September 23, 2001. Final Collection Date means the date following the termination of this Agreement on which the Buyer has received (i) all Collections owing on the Purchased Receivables and (ii) all payments, if any, required to be paid by any Seller or Servicer under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, including with respect to Repurchase Events and Indemnified Amounts. GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, applied on a consistent basis as set forth in Opinions of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and/or in statements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and/or their respective successors and that are applied in the circumstances as of the date in question. Governmental Authority means any government or political subdivision or any agency, authority, bureau, regulatory body, central bank, commission, department or instrumentality of any such government or political subdivision, or any other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government or any court, tribunal, grand jury or arbitrator, or any accounting board or authority (whether or not part of a government) that is responsible for the establishment or interpretation of national or international accounting principles, in each case whether foreign or domestic. Indemnified Amounts has the meaning set forth in Section 4(i) hereof. Indemnified Person has the meaning set forth in Section 4(i) hereof. Interpolated Rate means, with respect to any Discount Period, at any time, the rate per annum (rounded to the same number of decimal places as the LIBO Rate) determined by the Buyer (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) to be equal to the rate that results from interpolating on a linear basis between: (a) the LIBO Rate for the longest period for which the LIBO Rate is available that is shorter than the applicable Discount Period; and (b) the LIBO Rate for the shortest period for which the LIBO Rate is available that exceeds the applicable Discount Period, in each case, at such time. Insolvency Event shall mean (i) with respect to an Account Debtor, the inability of such Account Debtor to pay any amount owed when due in respect of a Purchased Receivable as a result of the bankruptcy, insolvency or other financial inability of such Account Debtor to make such payment and (ii) with respect to any Person (including an Account Debtor), such Person shall fail to pay its debts as such debts become due, or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or any proceeding shall be instituted by or against such Person seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief, or composition of it or its debts under any Applicable Law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for any substantial part of its property and, in the case of any such proceeding instituted against it (but not instituted by it), either such proceeding shall remain undismissed or unstayed for a period of thirty (30) days (or, when used with respect to any Seller, Servicer or the Performance Guarantor), forty-five (45) days), or any of the actions sought in such proceeding (including the entry of an order for relief against, or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for, it or for any substantial part of its property) shall occur; or such Person shall take any action to authorize any of the actions set forth above in this clause (ii). Internal Revenue Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, reformed or otherwise modified from time to time. Joinder Agreement means a joinder agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Buyer in all respects. 

Exhibit A-5 734109631 19632855 LIBO Rate means, for any Discount Period, an interest rate per annum equal to the Intercontinental Exchange Benchmark Administration Ltd. (or the successor thereto if it is no longer making such rates available) LIBO Rate ICE LIBOR ), as published from time to time by Reuters (currently Reuters LIBOR01 page) (or any other commercially available source providing quotations of ICE LIBOR as designated by the Buyer from time to time) for deposits in Dollars with a term equal to the Discount Period. If such rate is not available at such time for any reason, then the LIBO Rate shall be a rate per annum equal to the average (rounded upwards if necessary to the nearest 1/100th of 1 of the rates per annum at which deposits in Dollars with a term equal to the Discount Period in a principal amount substantially equal to the applicable Purchase Price are offered to the principal London office of the Buyer by three (3) London banks, reasonably selected by the Buyer in good faith. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) if the LIBO Rate shall be less than 0 , such rate shall be deemed 0 for purposes of this Agreement and (ii) if the Discount Period does not correspond to any available rate term, then the LIBO Rate shall be an Interpolated Rate. Material Adverse Change means, with respect to any Seller, Servicer or Performance Guarantor, an event or circumstance that results in, or could reasonably be expect to result in, a material adverse change in: (i) the business, assets, operations or financial condition of the Sellers, Servicers and Performance Guarantor, taken as a whole; (ii) the ability of the Sellers, Servicers and Performance Guarantor, taken as a whole, to perform their obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document; (iii) the status, existence, perfection, priority, enforceability or other rights and remedies of the Buyer associated with its interests in the Purchased Receivables or any material portion thereof; or (iv) (a) the validity or enforceability against any Seller, Servicer or the Performance Guarantor of any Transaction Document or any Contract or (b) the validity, enforceability or collectability of a material portion of the Purchased Receivables, including if such event or circumstance would increase the days to pay or Dilution with respect to a material portion of the Purchased Receivables (other than due to the applicable Account Debtor s financial or credit condition (including, without limitation, the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to the applicable Account Debtor)). Maximum Outstanding Purchase Amount means 95,000,000. Maximum Tenor means with respect to any Account Debtor, the Maximum Tenor specified for such Account Debtor on Schedule II to this Agreement, as such Schedule may be modified or supplemented from time to time, as agreed to in writing by the Sellers and the Buyer in their respective sole and absolute discretion. MUFG Bank has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. MUFG Platform means the Buyer s communication tool accessible via the internet to enable clients to offer various Receivables for sale to the Buyer and for the loading approval and monitoring of such Receivables on a platform, the terms of use of which are set out in Annex I and are hereby incorporated herein. Net Invoice Amount means the amount of the applicable Purchased Receivable shown on the invoice for such Purchased Receivable as the total amount payable by the related Account Debtor (net of any Dilution, discounts, credits or other allowances shown on such invoice and agreed to prior to the Purchase Date). Non-Payment Report has the meaning set forth in Section 4(h). OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Outstanding Purchase Amount means, as of any time of determination and with respect to a Purchased Receivable, (x) the Net Invoice Amount for such Purchased Receivable, minus (y) the aggregate amount of all Collections with respect to such Purchased Receivable that have been deposited into the Buyer s Account as of such 

Exhibit A-6 734109631 19632855 time. When such term is used without reference to any specific Purchased Receivables, it shall constitute a reference to all Purchased Receivables. Overdue Payment Rate means 2 per annum over and above the highest Account Debtor Discount Rate in effect at such time. PATRIOT Act has the meaning set forth in Section 13(l). Performance Guarantor means Hanes and any other Person that has guaranteed the performance obligations of the Sellers under this Agreement. Performance Guaranty means a performance guaranty entered into by any Performance Guarantor in favor of the Buyer. Person means an individual, partnership, sole proprietorship, corporation (including a business trust), limited liability company, limited partnership, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or other entity, or a government or any political subdivision or agency thereof. Prime Rate means, for any day, the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Buyer as its reference rate or prime rate , as applicable. Such reference rate or prime rate is set by Buyer based upon various factors, including Buyer s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above or below such announced rate, and is not necessarily the lowest rate charged to any customer. Proposed Receivables means, with respect to any Purchase Date, the Receivables proposed by Seller to the Buyer for purchase hereunder and described in a Purchase Request to be purchased on such Purchase Date. Purchase Date means each date on which the Buyer purchases Receivables. Purchase Price has the meaning set forth in Section 1(e) hereof. Purchase Request has the meaning set forth in Section 1(a) hereof. Purchase Sublimit means, with respect to each Account Debtor, the dollar amount set forth on Schedule II to this Agreement as the Purchase Sublimit, as such Schedule may be modified or supplemented from time to time, as agreed to in writing by the Sellers and the Buyer in their respective sole and absolute discretion. Purchased Receivables has the meaning set forth in Section 1(a) hereof. Receivable means any right to payment of a monetary obligation, whether or not earned by performance, owed to any Seller or the Buyer (as assignee of Seller) by an Account Debtor, whether constituting an account, instrument, document, contract right, chattel paper, payment intangible or general intangible, in each instance arising in connection with the sale of goods that have been or are to be sold or for services rendered or to be rendered, and includes, without limitation, the obligation to pay any finance charges, fees and other charges with respect thereto, together with the Seller s rights in all Related Security with respect thereto, and with respect to each of the foregoing, all Collections and proceeds thereof. Any such right to payment arising from any one transaction, including any such right to payment represented by an individual invoice or agreement, shall constitute a Receivable separate from a Receivable consisting of any such right to payment arising from any other transaction. Reconciliation Report has the meaning set forth in Section 4(g). Related Security means, with respect to any Receivable: 

Exhibit A-7 734109631 19632855 (i) all of each applicable Seller s interest in any goods (including returned goods) and documentation of title evidencing the shipment or storage of any goods (including returned goods), relating to any sale giving rise to such Receivable; (ii) all rights to enforce payment of such Receivable under the related Contract; (iii) all instruments and chattel paper that may evidence such Receivable; (iv) all guaranties, insurance and other agreements or arrangements of whatever character from time to time supporting payment of such Receivable whether pursuant to the Contract related to such Receivable or otherwise; (v) all security interests or liens and property subject thereto from time to time purporting to secure payment of such Receivable, whether pursuant to the Contract related to such Receivable or otherwise, together with all financing statements describing any collateral securing such Receivable; and (vi) all books, records and other information (including computer programs, tapes, discs, punch cards, data processing software and related property and rights) relating to such Receivable and the related Account Debtor. Sales Transaction Taxes has the meaning set forth in Section 5(d). Sanctioned Country means any country or other territory subject to comprehensive, country-wide or territory-wide Sanctions, which as of the date of this agreement include Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan and Syria. Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the United States Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control, the U.S. Department of State, or by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or any European Union member state, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person fifty or more owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b). Sanctions means all economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by the United States Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control, the United States Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom, the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade or the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Australia, or the Hong Kong Monetary Authority. Seller has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. Sellers Account means the account specified as such in Exhibit G hereto, or such other bank account identified in writing by the Sellers to the Buyer from time to time. Servicer has the meaning set forth in Section 4(a) hereof. Servicer Termination Event means an event specified in Exhibit F hereto. Settlement Date means each Wednesday (unless any such day is not a Business Day, in which case, the next Business Day thereafter shall be a Settlement Date). Solvent means, with respect to any Person and as of any particular date, (i) the present fair market value (or present fair saleable value) of the assets of such Person is not less than the total amount required to pay the probable liabilities of such Person on its total existing debts and liabilities (including contingent liabilities) as they become absolute and matured, (ii) such Person is able to realize upon its assets and pay its debts and other liabilities, contingent obligations and commitments as they mature and become due in the normal course of business, (iii) such Person is not incurring debts or liabilities beyond its ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature and (iv) 

Exhibit A-8 734109631 19632855 such Person is not engaged in any business or transaction, and is not about to engage in any business or transaction, for which its property would constitute unreasonably small capital after giving due consideration to the prevailing practice in the industry in which such Person is engaged. Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association, joint venture or other business entity of which more than 50 of the Capital Stock or other ownership interests entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of the Person or Persons (whether directors, managers, trustees or other Persons performing similar functions) having the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof; provided, in determining the percentage of ownership interests of any Person controlled by another Person, no ownership interest in the nature of a qualifying share of the former Person shall be deemed to be outstanding. Transaction Documents means this Agreement, any Performance Guaranty, each Purchase Request, each Reconciliation Report, each Non-Payment Report, each Dilution Reserve Report and all other documents and agreements to be executed and delivered by any Seller, any Servicer or any Performance Guarantor in connection with any of the foregoing, in each case, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in the State of New York from time to time; provided, if by reason of mandatory provisions of Applicable Law, the perfection, the effect of perfection or non- perfection or the priority of the security interests of the Buyer is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction other than New York, the term UCC shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such perfection, effect of perfection or non-perfection or priority. B. Other Interpretive Matters. All accounting terms defined directly or by incorporation in this Agreement shall have the defined meanings when used in any certificate or other document delivered pursuant thereto unless otherwise defined therein. For purposes of this Agreement and all such certificates and other documents, unless the context otherwise requires: (a) except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; (b) terms defined in Article 9 of the UCC and not otherwise defined in such agreement are used as defined in such Article; (c) references to any amount as on deposit or outstanding on any particular date means such amount at the close of business on such day; (d) the words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import refer to such agreement (or the certificate or other document in which they are used) as a whole and not to any particular provision of such agreement (or such certificate or document); (e) references to any Section, Schedule or Exhibit are references to Sections, Schedules and Exhibits in or to such agreement (or the certificate or other document in which the reference is made), and references to any paragraph, subsection, clause or other subdivision within any Section or definition refer to such paragraph, subsection, clause or other subdivision of such Section or definition; (f) the term including means including without limitation (g) references to any Applicable Law refer to that Applicable Law as amended from time to time and include any successor Applicable Law; (h) references to any agreement refer to that agreement as from time to time amended, restated, extended or supplemented or as the terms of such agreement are waived or modified in accordance with its terms; (i) references to any Person include that Person s permitted successors and assigns; (j) headings are for purposes of reference only and shall not otherwise affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision hereof; (k) unless otherwise provided, in the calculation of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the term from means from and including, and the terms to and until each means to but excluding (l) terms in one gender include the parallel terms in the neuter and opposite gender; and (m) the term or is not exclusive. 

Exhibit B-1 734109631 19632855 Exhibit B Conditions Precedent for Effectiveness Each of the following, in form and substance satisfactory to the Buyer: (a) A fully executed counterpart of this Agreement. (b) A counterpart of a Performance Guaranty fully executed by Hanes. (c) A certificate issued by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (or in the case of Hanes, Maryland) as to the legal existence and good standing of each Seller and Servicer. (d) A certificate of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of each Seller and Servicer certifying attached copies of the formation documents and governing documents of such Person and all documents evidencing necessary corporate action to be taken by and governmental approvals, if any, to be obtained by such Person with respect to this Agreement and the names and true signatures of the incumbent officers of such Person authorized to sign this Agreement and any other documents to be delivered by it hereunder (including each Purchase Request) or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith. (e) UCC, tax and judgment lien searches, bankruptcy and pending lawsuit searches or equivalent reports or searches, each of a recent date listing all effective financing statements, lien notices or comparable documents that name any Seller as debtor and that are filed in those state and county jurisdictions in which such Seller is organized or maintains its principal place of business or chief executive office and such other searches that the Buyer deems necessary or appropriate. (f) Acknowledgment copies of proper termination statements (Form UCC-3) and any other relevant filings necessary to evidence the release of all security interests, ownership and other rights of any Person previously granted by any Seller in the Proposed Receivables. (g) Acknowledgment or time-stamped receipt copies of proper financing statements (showing each Seller as debtor/seller and the Buyer as secured party/buyer duly filed on or prior to the date hereof. (h) Favorable opinions of legal counsel to each Seller, Servicer and any Performance Guarantor in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Buyer, including opinions with respect to due organization and good standing of each such Person, due authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents entered into on or about the date hereof by such Person, validity and enforceability of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents with respect to such Person, non- contravention of organizational documents, material agreements and law, no consents, creation of security interest and perfection of security interest, true sale and such other matters as the Buyer may reasonably request. (i) Proof of payment of an upfront fee to the Buyer in the amount of 47,500 and all reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements incurred by the Buyer. 

Exhibit C-1 734109631 19632855 Exhibit C Representations and Warranties (a) Each Seller, Servicer and Performance Guarantor is (i) duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its respective jurisdiction of organization and (ii) duly qualified to do business, and is in good standing, in every jurisdiction where the nature of its business requires it to be so qualified, except in each case of this clause (ii), where a failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. (b) The execution, delivery and performance by each Seller, Servicer and Performance Guarantor of each Transaction Document to which it is party and each other document to be delivered by it thereunder, (i) are within its corporate powers, (ii) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, (iii) do not contravene, violate or breach (1) its charter or by-laws, (2) any Applicable Law, (3) any indenture, sale agreement, credit agreement, loan agreement, security agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or instrument to which such Seller, Servicer or Performance Guarantor is a party or by which it or any of its respective property is bound, or (4) any order, writ, judgment, award, injunction or decree binding on or affecting it or its property and (iv) do not result in the creation or imposition of any Adverse Claim upon any of its properties pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, credit agreement, loan agreement, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or instrument, other than this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, except in the case of clauses (iii)(2), (3) and (4) and (iv), where such contravention, violation or breach, or creation or imposition, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (c) Each Transaction Document to which any Seller, Servicer or Performance Guarantor is party has been duly executed and delivered by such Person. (d) Other than the filing of the financing statements required hereunder, no authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to, license from or filing with, any Governmental Authority is required for the due execution, delivery and performance by each Seller, Servicer and Performance Guarantor of each Transaction Document to which it is party or any other document to be delivered by it thereunder, except where the failure to obtain such authorization or approval or take such action or make such notice or filing could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. (e) Each Transaction Document to which each Seller, Servicer or Performance Guarantor is a party constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or other laws relating to the enforcement of creditors rights generally and general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought at equity or law). (f) There is no pending or, to its knowledge, threatened action, proceeding, investigation or injunction, writ or restraining order affecting any Seller, Servicer or Performance Guarantor or any of their respective Affiliates before any Governmental Authority that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change with respect to any Seller, Servicer or Performance Guarantor. (g) Each Seller, Servicer and Performance Guarantor is Solvent and no Insolvency Event has occurred with respect to any Seller, Servicer or Performance Guarantor. (h) On and after the Closing Date, no Material Adverse Change or event which, individually or in the aggregate, is reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Change has occurred with respect to any Seller, Servicer or Performance Guarantor. (i) No Change of Control has occurred. (j) All assets of each Seller are free and clear of any Adverse Claim in favor of the Internal Revenue Service or any other Governmental Authority other than inchoate tax liens resulting from an assessment of such Seller. 

Exhibit C-2 734109631 19632855 (k) All certificates, reports, statements, documents and other information furnished to the Buyer by or on behalf of each Seller, Servicer or Performance Guarantor (including via the MUFG Platform) pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or in connection with or pursuant to any amendment or modification of, or waiver under, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, is, at the time the same are so furnished, complete, true and correct in all material respects on the date the same are furnished to the Buyer, and does not contain any material misstatement of fact or omit to state a material fact or any fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not misleading. (l) No Seller, Servicer or Performance Guarantor is an investment company as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940. (m) Each Seller has continuously treated and shall continue to treat each sale of Purchased Receivables hereunder as a sale for all purposes, including federal and state income tax, reporting and accounting purposes. (n) No event has occurred and is continuing and no condition exists, or would result from any sale or assignment of any Purchased Receivable, that constitutes or may reasonably be expected to constitute, individually or in the aggregate, a Servicer Termination Event. (o) The Purchase Price payable for each Purchased Receivable by the Buyer will represent fair consideration and reasonably equivalent value therefore. (p) No Seller will, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the Purchased Receivables, (i) to fund any activities or business of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is, or whose government is the subject of Sanctions, or (ii) in any other manner that would result in such Seller or the Buyer being in violation of Sanctions. (q) None of (i) any Seller, any Subsidiary or, to the knowledge of such Seller or such Subsidiary, any of their respective directors, officers or employees, or (ii) to the knowledge of any Seller, any agent of such Seller or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. (r) Policies and procedures have been implemented and maintained by or on behalf of each Seller, Servicer and Performance Guarantor that are designed to ensure compliance by the Seller, Servicer and Performance Guarantor, their Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti- Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and each Seller, Servicer and Performance Guarantor, its Subsidiaries, and their respective officers and employees and, to the knowledge of each Seller, Servicer and Performance Guarantor, their respective directors and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects and are not knowingly engaged in any activity that would reasonably be expected to result in any Seller being designated as a Sanctioned Person. (t) As of the Closing Date, each Seller is an entity (other than a bank) whose common stock or analogous equity interests are listed on the New York Stock Exchange or the American Stock Exchange or have been designated as a NASDAQ National Market Security listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange (as used in this clause, a listed entity or that is organized under the laws of the United States or of any state and at least 51 percent of whose common stock or analogous equity interest is owned by a listed entity and is excluded on that basis from the definition of Legal Entity Customer as defined in the Beneficial Ownership Rule. 

Exhibit D-1 734109631 19632855 Exhibit D Covenants Until the Final Collection Date: (a) Compliance with Laws; Corporate Existence. Each Seller and Servicer will comply in all respects with all Applicable Laws and preserve and maintain its corporate existence, rights, franchises, qualifications and privileges, except, in each case, where a failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. Each Seller will keep its jurisdiction of incorporation or its jurisdiction of formation, as applicable, unchanged from the applicable jurisdiction as in effect on the date hereof and will keep its principal place of business and chief executive office and the office where it keeps its records concerning the Purchased Receivables at the address set forth in Section 6 hereof, in each case unless it shall have: (i) given the Buyer at least fifteen (15) days (or such shorter period as agreed to by the Buyer in its discretion) prior written notice of any change thereof and (ii) delivered to the Buyer all financing statements, instruments, legal opinions and other documents requested by the Agent in connection with such change or relocation. (b) Books and Records. Each Seller will keep its books and accounts in accordance with GAAP and shall make a notation on its books and records, including any relevant computer files, to indicate which Receivables have been sold to the Buyer. Each Seller and Servicer will maintain and implement administrative and operating procedures (including an ability to recreate records evidencing Receivables and related Contract in the event of the destruction of the originals thereof), and keep and maintain all relevant documents and other information reasonably necessary for collecting all Purchased Receivables (including records adequate to permit the daily identification of each Receivable and all collections of and adjustments to each existing Purchased Receivable). (c) Sales, Liens and Debt. No Seller will sell, assign (by operation of law or otherwise) or otherwise dispose of, or create or suffer to exist any Adverse Claim upon or with respect to, the Purchased Receivables or upon or with respect to any account or lock box to which any Collections are directed to be sent, or assign any right to receive income in respect thereof except the security interests in favor of the Buyer created hereunder. Each Seller and Servicer will direct each Account Debtor to pay all amounts owing under any Purchased Receivables only to an account or lock box that is not subject to any Adverse Claim. (d) Extension or Amendment of Receivables. Other than as permitted by Section 5(a) (and only to the extent the applicable Seller deposits the Deemed Collection to the Buyer s Account in accordance with the terms hereof) or Section 4(f), neither any Seller nor any Servicer will amend, modify or extend the payment terms under any Purchased Receivable, unless approved in writing in advance by the Buyer, and shall not otherwise waive or permit or agree to any deviation from the terms or conditions of any Purchased Receivable, in each case except in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy. Other than as permitted by Section 5(a) and only to the extent the applicable Seller deposits the Deemed Collection to the Buyer s Account in accordance with the terms hereof, neither any Seller nor any Servicer will take, or cause to be taken, any action that reduces the amount payable of any Purchased Receivable. (e) Audits and Visits. Each Seller and Servicer will, at their expense, at any time and from time to time during regular business hours as requested by the Buyer, permit the Buyer, or its agents or representatives, upon reasonable notice, (i) to examine and make copies of and abstracts from all books, records and documents (including computer tapes and disks) in its possession or under its control relating to Purchased Receivables and Related Security, including the Contract and (ii) to visit its offices and properties for the purpose of examining and auditing such materials described in clause (i) above, and to discuss matters relating to Purchased Receivables or its performance hereunder or under the related Contract with any of its officers having knowledge of such matters; provided that unless either (i) any Seller as Servicer has been removed as servicer pursuant to Sections 4(h) or 4(j) upon at least ten (10) Business Days prior notice to the applicable Servicer at the time such audit is requested by the Buyer, or (ii) the audits previously conducted at the expense of the Sellers and the Servicers during such calendar year have not produced audit results reasonably satisfactory to the Buyer, no Seller nor Servicer shall be required to reimburse the Buyer for the costs or expenses in respect of more than one audit by a third party accounting or auditing firm engaged by the Buyer for any examinations or visits by the Buyer or any of its agents or representative during any calendar year. 

Exhibit D-2 734109631 19632855 (f) Reporting Requirements. Each Seller and Servicer will provide to the Buyer the following: (i) within five (5) Business Days following knowledge or notice thereof, written notice in reasonable detail, of any Adverse Claim or Dispute asserted or claim made against a Purchased Receivable; (ii) within five (5) Business Days following knowledge or notice thereof, written notice in reasonable detail, of the occurrence of any Servicer Termination Event; and (iii) within five (5) Business Days following knowledge or notice of the occurrence thereof, written notice of any matter that could, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. (g) Further Assurances. Each Seller will, at its expense, promptly execute and deliver all further instruments and documents, and take all further action that the Buyer may reasonably request, from time to time, in order to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the full and complete ownership and security interest in the Purchased Receivables, or to enable the Buyer to exercise or enforce the rights of the Buyer hereunder or under or in connection with the Purchased Receivables. (h) Taxes. Each Seller will pay any and all taxes (excluding the Buyer s income, gross receipts, franchise, doing business or similar taxes arising under the laws of the United States) relating to the transactions contemplated under this Agreement, including but not limited to the sale, transfer and assignment of each Purchased Receivable, other than any taxes that such Seller is contesting in good faith and for which adequate reserves have been taken. (i) Perform Terms. Each Seller and Servicer will duly perform and comply in all material respects with all terms under the Contract and promptly knowledge or notice thereof, inform the Buyer of any breach or default by such Seller or any Account Debtor of any of the terms thereof. (j) Not Adversely Affect the Buyer s Rights. Each Seller and Servicer will refrain from any act or omission which might, individually or in the aggregate, in any material way prejudice, diminish or limit the Buyer s rights under or with respect to any of the Purchased Receivables or this Agreement. (k) Compliance with Credit and Collection Policies. Each Seller and Servicer will comply with the Credit and Collection Policy in all material respects in connection with the origination, servicing, enforcement and collection of Purchased Receivables. (l) No Change in Business or Credit and Collection Policy. Neither any Seller nor any Servicer shall make any change in the character of its business or in the Credit and Collection Policy, which change would, in either case, impair the collectability of any Purchased Receivable or otherwise have a Material Adverse Change with respect to any Seller or any Servicer (it being understood that the replacement of the Credit and Collection Policy of any Seller (other than HBI) with the Credit and Collection Policy of Hanes upon prior written notice to the Buyer shall not be reasonably expected to have such an effect). (m) Change in Status. Promptly following any change that would result in a change to the status of any Seller as an excluded Legal Entity Customer under the Beneficial Ownership Rule, such Seller shall execute and deliver to the Buyer a Certification of Beneficial Owner(s) complying with the Beneficial Ownership Rule, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Buyer. (n) Sanction Programs; Anti-Corruption Laws. No Seller shall use, directly or indirectly, the proceeds of any purchases hereunder (i) in violation of the UK Bribery Act, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or any other applicable anti-corruption law, (ii) to fund any activities or business of or with any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is, or whose government is, the subject of 

Exhibit D-3 734109631 19632855 Sanctions, (iii) in any other manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions applicable to any party hereto or (iv) in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Laws. 

Exhibit E-1 734109631 19632855 Exhibit E Eligibility Criteria (a) Such Receivable has been generated by each Seller in the ordinary course of its business from the bona fide sale of goods or provision of services to an Account Debtor, an invoice for such Receivable has been delivered to such Account Debtor and revenue for such Receivable has been or may be recognized by such Seller under GAAP and Applicable Law. (b) The information contained with respect to such Receivable in the applicable Purchase Request is true, accurate and correct in all material respects. (c) The information contained with respect to such Receivable in the applicable Purchase Request contains a true, accurate and correct list of the Account Debtor, invoice number, Due Date and unpaid amount due in respect of such Receivable. (d) The related Account Debtor (i) is a resident of the United States of America and has provided the applicable Seller with a billing address in the United States of America, (ii) is neither a Governmental Authority nor a Sanctioned Person, (iii) is not (A) a material supplier to such Seller or its Affiliates or (B) an Affiliate of a material supplier to such Seller or its Affiliates, (iv) is not an Affiliate of any Seller, any Servicer or any Performance Guarantor and (v) is not a natural person. (e) Such Receivable and the related Contract is in full force and effect and is the valid and binding obligation of the related Account Debtor due on the applicable Due Date, enforceable in accordance with its terms, and constitutes the related Account Debtor s legal, valid and binding obligation to pay the applicable Seller the amount thereof, subject, as to enforcement of the related Account Debtor s payment obligation, to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, arrangement, moratorium and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and Insolvency Events. (f) Such Receivable and the related Contract shall evidence and include the right to receive payment of interest or finance charges or other liabilities of the Buyer under the relevant Contract to which the applicable Net Invoice Amount or other evidence of indebtedness relates. (g) Neither the applicable Seller nor the related Account Debtor is delinquent or in default in the performance of any of the material provisions of the related Contract with respect to such Receivable. Each Seller is in compliance in all material respects with the Contract relating to the Purchased Receivables and such Receivable satisfies all applicable requirements of the Credit and Collection Policy. (h) The applicable Seller has delivered to the related Account Debtor all property or fully performed all services required to be so delivered or performed by the terms of the Contract and the payments due with respect to such Receivable are not contingent upon such Seller s or any other Person s fulfillment of any further act or obligation. (i) The contract giving rise to such Receivable is governed by the law of one of the States of the United States. (j) As of the related Purchase Date, immediately prior to the sale hereunder, the applicable Seller has good and marketable title to, and is the sole legal and beneficial owner of, such Receivable free and clear of any Adverse Claim (other than in favor of the Buyer or that will be released automatically upon the consummation of the purchase hereunder), such Receivable is not subject to a Dispute, the amount owed under such Receivable is free of any amounts that would constitute Dilution not reflected in the Net Invoice Amount, and such Receivable has not been previously sold, assigned, pledged or otherwise transferred by such Seller to any other Person. 

Exhibit E-2 734109631 19632855 (k) No effective financing statement or other instrument similar in effect covering any part of such Receivable is on file in any recording office, other than in favor of the Buyer or that will be released automatically upon the consummation of the purchase hereunder (l) Such Receivable (i) is denominated and payable only in Dollars in the United States, (ii) with respect to an Account Debtor, does not have an original term to maturity that exceeds the Maximum Tenor therefor and (iii) is not payable in installments. (m) The sale, pledge or assignment of such Receivable pursuant to this Agreement (i) does not violate or contravene any Applicable Law or the related Contract, (ii) require notice thereof to the related Account Debtor or any consent therefrom or (iii) does not require any notice thereof or any consent from any Governmental Authority that has not been obtained. (n) Such Receivable is an account or payment intangible within the meaning of Article 9 of the UCC of all applicable jurisdictions and is not evidenced by instruments or chattel paper. (o) Such Receivable, together with the related Contract, does not contravene in any material respect any Applicable Law. (p) Such Receivable is not a Receivable which arose as a result of the sale of consigned goods or finished goods that have incorporated any consigned goods into such finished goods or a sale in which the applicable Seller or Servicer acted as a bailee, consignee or agent of any other Person or otherwise not as principal or otherwise in respect of deferred or unearned revenues. (q) Such Receivable does not constitute a re-billed amount arising from a deduction taken by the related Account Debtor with respect to a previously arising Receivable. (r) As of the related Purchase Date, no Insolvency Event has occurred with respect to the related Account Debtor. (s) The sale of such Receivable to the Buyer hereunder constitutes the absolute and irrevocable sale and transfer of all right, title and interest of the applicable Seller in such Receivable to the Buyer and no further action, including any filing or recording of any document or any notice to, license from or approval from any Governmental Authority is necessary in order to establish the ownership interest of the Buyer effected by such sale or to permit the Buyer to service, enforce or otherwise collect such Receivable from the related Account Debtor. 

Exhibit F-1 734109631 19632855 Exhibit F Servicer Termination Events Each of the following shall constitute a Servicer Termination Event for purposes of this Agreement: (a) Any of the representations and warranties made by any Seller or Servicer in this Agreement (including with respect to the Proposed Receivables), or by any Performance Guarantor in any Performance Guaranty, shall fail to be true, accurate and correct in all material respects as of the date made or, in the case of any representation or warranty which speaks as to a particular date or period, as of that particular date or period. (b) Any Seller or Servicer shall fail to be in compliance in all material respects with any of its covenants and other obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which each such Person is a party, and such failure shall continue unremedied for five (5) Business Days. (c) Any Performance Guarantor shall fail to be in compliance in all material respects with any of its obligations under any Performance Guaranty, and such failure shall continue unremedied for five (5) Business Days. (d) An amount due for payment by any Seller or Servicer to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document (including interest on any overdue amount as provided for in Section 9 hereof) or by any Performance Guarantor pursuant to any Performance Guaranty shall remain outstanding for more than five (5) Business Days from the due date therefor. (e) An Insolvency Event shall have occurred with respect to any Seller, Servicer or Performance Guarantor. (f) This Agreement or any security interest granted pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall for any reason cease to create, or for any reason cease to be, a valid and enforceable first priority perfected security interest in favor of the Buyer with respect to the Purchased Receivables, free and clear of any Adverse Claim. (g) A Change of Control shall have occurred. (h) Any Transaction Document shall, in whole or in part, terminate, cease to be effective or cease to be the legally valid, binding and enforceable obligation of any party thereto other than the Buyer or any such party shall, directly or indirectly, contest in any manner the effectiveness, validity, binding nature or enforceability of such Transaction Document. 

Exhibit G-1 734109631 19632855 Exhibit G Accounts Buyer s Account Bank: MUFG Bank, Ltd. Bank Swift Address: BOTKUS33 ABA#: 026009632 Account #: 97770191 Account Name: Loan Operations Department Reference: SCF - Hanes Sellers Accounts Bank Name: JP Morgan Chase ABA Number: 021000021 Account Number: 648728228 SWIFT: CHAUS33 Beneficiary Name: HANESBRANDS INC. 

Annex I-1 734109631 19632855 Annex I Electronic Services Schedule This Electronic Services Schedule is attached and made a part of the Agreement (as defined herein). In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of the Agreement and the terms and conditions of this Schedule, the terms and conditions of this Schedule shall control. Capitalized terms used herein not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Agreement. Section 1. As used herein: Agreement means the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 11, 2019, by and among HANESBRANDS INC., a Maryland corporation Hanes ), KNIGHTS APPAREL LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, GFSI LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, CC PRODUCTS LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, ALTERNATIVE APPAREL, INC., a Delaware corporation, and any other seller from time to time party thereto (each, in such capacity, a Seller and collectively, the Sellers ), and as servicers (each, in such capacity, a Servicer and collectively, the Servicers and MUFG BANK, LTD. MUFG Bank ), as buyer (the Buyer ), including this Annex, as such agreement may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms. Message means all messages or other information sent by any Seller under the Agreement using the Program web portal. PrimeRevenue means PrimeRevenue, Inc., which is a Service Provider hereunder. Program web portal means the system interface of the Service Provider to be used by the Buyer and any Seller so as to operate this Agreement or any updated or replacement system from time to time. Service Provider means any person with whom an agreement has been entered into by the Buyer and to whom the performance of certain obligations or exercise of certain rights in respect of the giving and receiving of Messages, and not in respect of any purchase of Receivables, is from time to time sub-contracted by the Buyer. Section 2. Service Provider 2.1. The parties to the Agreement agree that the Service Provider is and will be the service provider solely for the Buyer and not the sub-contractor or agent of each Seller. Each Seller consents to the Buyer outsourcing to the Service Provider the management of certain administrative functions under this Agreement, it being understood that only the rights and obligations issuing from this Electronic Services Schedule shall be outsourced.1 Section 3. Service Provider Systems and Platform 3.1. To operate this Agreement, each Seller and the Buyer shall use the Program web portal. 3.2. Program related data will be updated and available for view access by each Seller and the Buyer on a day to day basis in the Program web portal. 3.3. Each Seller will upload and download information pertaining to Purchase Requests from the Program web portal. 3.4. At date of this Electronic Services Schedule, the Service Provider means PrimeRevenue. The Buyer may replace the Service Provider at any time or terminate this Electronic Services Schedule, and will give written notice thereof to each Seller. 1 Services with respect to Messages are only being offered as an accommodation and not as a requirement for Seller s use of the facility. As such, in the event the service provider cannot or does not perform, Buyer s liability is limited to the Buyer performing under the Buyer s obligations stated in the Agreement. 

Annex I-2 734109631 19632855 Section 4. Use of Service Provider s Systems and Platform 4.1. Each Seller shall have the right to use the content of the Program web portal to print and use reports downloaded from the Program web portal, and to save reasonable copies to such Seller s hard drive, in each case solely for the purposes contemplated by the Agreement. Any copying, distribution, or commercial use of any of the content of the Program web portal not in furtherance of or related to the commercial purposes of the Agreement is not permitted, provided that no Seller will not be liable for any copying or distribution of any reports downloaded from the Program web portal to the extent that: (i) such action was required by Applicable Law, including pursuant to a valid subpoena or other legal process, (ii) such action is taken in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Electronic Services Schedule or any Transfer Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (iii) the information copied and/or distributed was in such Person s possession or known to such Person prior to receipt or (iv) the information copied and/or distributed is or becomes known to the public through disclosure in a printed publication (without breach of such Seller s obligations hereunder). 4.2. Service Provider retains all right, title, and interest in and to its Program web portal, including all software and other intellectual property underlying the Program web portal and associated therewith, all derivative works thereof, and in all media, but specifically excluding any materials, intellectual property or information provided by any Seller or the Buyer (collectively, Member Content ), all of which shall remain the property of the contributing party. Other than a royalty-free license to use the Program web portal during the term of this Electronic Services Schedule, nothing contained herein shall be construed as the grant of a license or other right by Service Provider to any Seller of the Program web portal or any intellectual property underlying or associated with the Program web portal. Each Seller grants to Service Provider for the term of this Electronic Services Schedule a royalty free, non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, display and modify such Seller s Member Content for the purpose of allowing Service Provider to render the contracted-for services to the Buyer. 4.3. All of the design, text, graphics and the selection and arrangement thereof included in the Program web portal are protected by the copyright laws of the United States and foreign countries. The Program web portal and all associated intellectual property rights are owned by Service Provider and its licensors. All rights not expressly granted to a Seller are reserved to Service Provider and its licensors. Each Seller acknowledges that (a) the Program web portal incorporates confidential and proprietary technology developed or acquired by Service Provider, including the software underlying the Program web portal; and (b) it shall use such technology solely for the purposes set forth herein. This Section 4.3 shall survive the termination of this Electronic Services Schedule for a period of one year 4.4. Service Provider may access and use the non-public financial, transactional and other information that is processed under this Agreement or otherwise acquired by Service Provider in connection with the Program web portal Seller Data for the purposes of providing and operating the Program web portal and related services. Each Seller represents that it has the right to permit Service Provider to use Seller Data as described in this Agreement and that such use will not violate any third Person s rights. 4.5. Each Seller acknowledges that Service Provider may transfer or subcontract Seller Data to a third Person, in connection with: (a) any assignment arising from the acquisition of all or substantially all of its assets or equity interests; or (b) a delegation of hosting or other duties, provided that such third party service provider agrees to abide by appropriate confidentiality obligations. 4.6. The parties may disclose Seller Data if required by applicable law to any government body, or duly authorized representatives thereof, upon an audit or other inspection by any of the same of the records or facilities of Service Provider. The applicable Seller will be notified promptly upon receipt of any order and upon the implementation of any change in laws which requires disclosure of Seller Data. 4.7. Each Seller hereby acknowledges that Service Provider reserves the right to: (a) terminate such Seller s access to and use of the Program web portal if such Seller permits any unauthorized third Person or entity to access and use the Program web portal; and (b) interrupt or disable access to and use of all or any part of the Program web portal if necessary to prevent or protect against fraud, hacking, or illegal conduct or otherwise protect Service Provider s personnel or the Program web portal, in Service Provider s sole discretion and without notice. 

Annex I-3 734109631 19632855 4.8. EACH SELLER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT NO WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE MADE BY SERVICE PROVIDER WITH RESPECT TO THE PROGRAM WEB PORTAL, THE UNDERLYING SOFTWARE, OR ANY SERVICES PROVIDED BY SERVICE PROVIDER, AND SUCH PROGRAM WEB PORTAL, SOFTWARE, AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN AS IS, WHERE IS, AND AS AVAILABLE BASIS. SERVICE PROVIDER EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS LIABILITY AND SPECIFICALLY DENIES ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR (A) THE COMPLETENESS, ACCURACY OR QUALITY OF INFORMATION OR ANY MEMBER CONTENT OBTAINED THROUGH THE PROGRAM WEB PORTAL, AND (B) SUCH SELLER S USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM WEB PORTAL. THE USE OF THE PROGRAM WEB PORTAL, AND ANY MEMBER CONTENT OR INFORMATION OBTAINED VIA THE PROGRAM WEB PORTAL, IS AT SUCH SELLER S OWN RISK. 4.9. The Buyer has the obligation to view the Messages sent in accordance with this Electronic Services Schedule and to act upon them under the terms of the Agreement, and, during any unavailability of the Program web portal to the Company, or following the change of Service Provider, accept to receive Purchase Requests and other notices as otherwise provided in the Agreement. Section 5. Security. Each Seller agrees that: 5.1. Each Seller s authorized employees may access the Program web portal using a unique user ID and password issued by System Provider. Each Seller and each authorized employee shall not allow any other individual to use such employee s unique user ID and password to access the Program web portal. Each Seller and each authorized employee shall remain responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of the user IDs and passwords created for such Seller s authorized employees; 5.2. it will not intentionally or knowingly interfere with, defeat, disrupt, circumvent or tamper with or attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Program web portal or other information or instruction that is, by the terms of the Agreement to be transmitted through the Program web portal, or with the restrictions on use of functionality or access to information on any portion of the Program web portal, or attempt to do so; and 5.3. it will not intentionally or knowingly introduce into any portion of Program web portal any device, software or routine, including but not limited to viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs and cancelbots or other data or code that harms, or may adversely affect, the operation of the Program web portal. Section 6. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of each Seller. Each Seller hereby represents, warrants and covenants to and with the Buyer that such Seller s use of Program web portal is solely to settle genuine and lawful commercial trade transactions, arising in the ordinary course of business, for the purchase or sale of goods (including Receivables as defined under the Agreement) and/or services by or to such Seller from or to the Buyer or other third parties. No Seller shall use the Program web portal for investment or arbitrage functions or purposes, or in breach of any Laws in any material respect, and any activity undertaken via the Program web portal shall not be used in furtherance of any of the foregoing. Section 7. No Implied Duties. Without limiting the liabilities of the Buyer under the Agreement, the Buyer shall be obliged to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth herein, and no implied duties or responsibilities shall be read or implied into the Agreement against the Buyer. The Buyer shall have no duties or obligations hereunder to any Person or entity other than each Seller and, without limiting the foregoing, does not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust hereunder for, or with any other Person or entity. Section 8. Third Party Beneficiary Rights. Each Seller and the Buyer agree that Service Provider is an intended third party beneficiary of, and entitled to rely on Sections 2, 4, 5, and 6 of this Electronic Services Schedule and Section 13(o) of the Agreement. 

</EX-10.38>

<EX-10.39>
 7
 hbi-20221231exx1039.htm
 EX-10.39

hbi-20221231exx1039 

EXECUTION VERSION 736993534 19632855 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO MASTER RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT This AMENDMENT NO. 1 to the MASTER RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Amendment ), dated as of June 19, 2020, by and among HANESBRANDS INC., a Maryland corporation Hanes ), KNIGHTS APPAREL LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, GFSI LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, CC PRODUCTS LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, ALTERNATIVE APPAREL, INC., a Delaware corporation, as sellers (each, in such capacity, a Seller and collectively, the Sellers ), and as servicers (each, in such capacity, a Servicer and collectively, the Servicers ), and MUFG BANK, LTD., as buyer (the Buyer ). W I T N E S S E T H: WHEREAS, the Sellers, the Servicers and the Buyer have heretofore entered into the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 11, 2019 (as amended, restated, supplemented, assigned or otherwise modified from time to time, the Receivables Purchase Agreement and WHEREAS, the parties hereto seek to modify the Receivables Purchase Agreement upon the terms hereof to, among other things, (i) remove Kohl s Corporation as an Account Debtor (the Terminated Account Debtor and (ii) add Amazon.com, Inc. and Walmart, Inc. as Account Debtors. NOW, THEREFORE, in exchange for good and valuable consideration (the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged and confirmed), the parties hereto agree as follows: A G R E E M E N T: 1. Definitions. Unless otherwise defined or provided herein, capitalized terms used herein have the meanings attributed thereto in (or by reference in) the Receivables Purchase Agreement. 2. Amendment to Receivables Purchase Agreement. The Receivables Purchase Agreement is amended to incorporate the changes shown on the marked pages of the Receivables Purchase Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A. 3. Conditions to Effectiveness. This Amendment shall be effective subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions, each to the satisfaction of the Buyer in its reasonable discretion and, as to any agreement, document or instrument specified below, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Buyer in its reasonable discretion: (a) the Buyer shall have received an executed counterpart of this Amendment by each of the other parties hereto; (b) a certificate of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of Hanes certifying attached copies of board resolutions evidencing necessary corporate action to be taken by such Person with respect to this Amendment; (c) evidence of filing of proper financing statement amendments (Form UCC-3) and any other relevant filings necessary to evidence the release of all security interests, ownership and other rights of any Person previously granted by any Seller in the Proposed Receivables to the extent evidenced by the UCC-1 filings set forth on Exhibit B hereto; and (d) proof of payment of an upfront fee to the Buyer in the amount of 27,500 and all reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements incurred by the Buyer in connection with this Amendment. 4. Certain Representations, Warranties and Covenants. Each Seller and Servicer hereby represents and warrants to the Buyer, as of the date hereof, that: 736993534 19632855 Amendment No. 1 (MUFG/Hanes) (a) each of the representations and warranties made by each Seller, Servicer and any Performance Guarantor in the Receivables Purchase Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents is true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof or, in the case of any representation or warranty that speaks as to a particular date or period, as of that particular date or period; (b) the execution and delivery by each Seller and Servicer of this Amendment and the performance by each Seller, Servicer and any Performance Guarantor of each Transaction Document to which it is party and each other document to be delivered by it thereunder, (i) are within its corporate powers, (ii) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, (iii) do not contravene, violate or breach (1) its charter or by-laws, (2) any Applicable Law, (3) any indenture, sale agreement, credit agreement, loan agreement, security agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or instrument to which such Seller, Servicer or Performance Guarantor is a party or by which it or any of its respective property is bound, or (4) any order, writ, judgment, award, injunction or decree binding on or affecting it or its property and (iv) do not result in the creation or imposition of any Adverse Claim upon any of its properties pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, credit agreement, loan agreement, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or instrument, other than this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, except in the case of clauses (iii)(2), (3) and (4) and (iv), where such contravention, violation or breach, or creation or imposition, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (c) this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by each Seller, Servicer and the Performance Guarantor; (d) this Amendment constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or other laws relating to the enforcement of creditors rights generally and general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought at equity or law); and (e) no Servicer Termination Event has occurred and is continuing, or would occur as a result of this Amendment or the transactions contemplated hereby. 5. Reference to, and Effect on, the Receivables Purchase Agreement and the Transaction Documents. (a) The Receivables Purchase Agreement (as specifically amended herein) and the other Transaction Documents shall remain in full force and effect and the Receivables Purchase Agreement and such other Transaction Documents are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects by each of the parties hereto. (b) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Buyer, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of, the Receivables Purchase Agreement or any other Transaction Document. The Receivables Purchase Agreement shall continue to govern any outstanding Purchased Receivables owing by the Terminated Account Debtor notwithstanding its removal as an Account Debtor thereunder going forward. (c) After this Amendment becomes effective, all references in the Receivables Purchase Agreement or in any other Transaction Document to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, this Agreement, hereof, herein or words of similar effect, in each case referring to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, shall be deemed to be references to the Receivables Purchase Agreement as amended by this Amendment. 6. Further Assurances. Each Seller and Servicer agrees that from time to time, at its expense, it will promptly execute and deliver all further instruments and documents, and take all further action, that the Buyer may reasonably request in order to perfect, protect or more fully evidence or implement the transactions contemplated hereby. 

736993534 19632855 Amendment No. 1 (MUFG/Hanes) 7. Costs and Expenses. Each Seller and Servicer agrees to pay, jointly and severally, on demand all actual and reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) the Buyer incurs in connection with the preparation, negotiation, documentation and delivery of this Amendment. 8. Transaction Document. This Amendment is a Transaction Document. 9. Successors and Assigns. This Amendment shall bind and inure to the benefit of the respective successors and permitted assigns of each of the parties. 10. Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute but one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Amendment by electronic mail attachment in portable document format (.pdf) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. 11. Governing Law. THIS AMENDMENT, INCLUDING THE RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF THE PARTIES HERETO, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, BUT WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY OTHER CONFLICTS OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF). 12. Headings. Section headings in this Amendment are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Amendment or are given any substantive effect. 13. Severability. Any provisions of this Amendment that are prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 14. Performance Guaranty Ratification. After giving effect to this Amendment and the transactions contemplated by this Amendment, all of the provisions of that certain Performance Guaranty, dated as of December 11, 2019 (as amended, restated, supplemented, assigned or otherwise modified from time to time, the Performance Guaranty ), made by Hanes in favor of the Buyer shall remain in full force and effect, and Hanes hereby ratifies and affirms the Performance Guaranty and acknowledges that the Performance Guaranty has continued and shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. [THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

Exhibit A 736993534 19632855 EXHIBIT A (Attached) EXECUTION VERSIONEXHIBIT A to Amendment No. 1, dated as of June 19, 2020 MASTER RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT among HANESBRANDS INC., KNIGHTS APPAREL LLC, GFSI LLC, CC PRODUCTS LLC and ALTERNATIVE APPAREL, INC., as Sellers and Servicers, THE OTHER SELLERS AND SERVICERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO and MUFG BANK, LTD., as Buyer Dated as of December 11, 2019 734109631 19632855 

the Buyer has received a Purchase Request via the MUFG Platform (or, if(i) applicable, in physical form in substantially the form of Schedule I attached hereto) with respect to the Proposed Receivables at least two (2) Business Days (or such shorter amount of time that Buyer may agree to, in its sole discretion, with respect to any Purchase Request) prior to the applicable Purchase Date, together with any such additional supporting documentation that the Buyer may have reasonably requested; the Buyer has accepted such Purchase Request and notified the applicable(ii) Sellers thereof (either via the MUFG Platform or otherwise); each of the representations and warranties made by each Seller, Servicer and any(iii) Performance Guarantor in this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents is true and correct in all material respects as of such Purchase Date or, in the case of any representation or warranty that speaks as to a particular date or period, as of that particular date or period; each Proposed Receivable described in such Purchase Request is an Eligible(iv) Receivable; and immediately following the sale and purchase of the Proposed Receivables set(v) forth in the related Purchase Request, (A) the Outstanding Purchase Amount will not exceed the Maximum Outstanding Purchase Amount and (B) the Outstanding Purchase Amount with respect to the Purchased Receivables payable by any Account Debtor will not exceed such Account Debtor s Purchase Sublimit; if (A) such Purchase Date is on prior to the Post-Closing Date, (B) the applicable(vi) Seller of any such Proposed Receivable is Hanes or Knights and (C) the applicable Account Debtor is Walmart Inc. or any Affiliate thereof, either (x) an intercreditor agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Buyer, has been entered into by and between the Buyer and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and is in full force and effect or (y) the applicable Subject Financing Statement has been terminated; and if (A) such Purchase Date is on or after the Post-Closing Date, (B) the applicable(vii) Seller of any such Proposed Receivable is Hanes or Knights and (C) the applicable Account Debtor is Walmart Inc. or any Affiliate thereof, the applicable Subject Financing Statement has been terminated. Each Purchase Request submitted by any Seller shall constitute a representation and warranty that each of the conditions outlined in this Section 1(d) has been satisfied. Purchase Price. The purchase price for each Purchased Receivable purchased on any(e) Purchase Date shall equal (i) the Net Invoice Amount of such Purchased Receivable, minus (ii) the Discount (such amount herein referred to as the Purchase Price ). The Buyer shall pay the Purchase Price minus the Dilution Reserve applicable to such Purchased Receivable (the Funded Amount with respect to each Purchased Receivable by depositing such Funded Amount thereof into the Sellers Account in immediately available funds denominated in Dollars on the applicable Purchase Date. For avoidance of doubt and not in limitation of any other provision of this Agreement, it is understood and agreed that the Dilution Reserve is the property of the Seller and represents part of the Purchase Price of the related Purchased Receivable, payable either as of the Settlement Date for a Purchased Receivable or in connection with the offset by Buyer of any obligations of the Sellers against such reserve as provided in Section 4(c) herein. True Sale; No Recourse. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, each purchase(f) of the Purchased Receivables is made without recourse to any Seller and no Seller shall have liability to the Buyer for the failure of any Account Debtor to pay any Purchased Receivable when it is due and payable under the terms applicable thereto. The Buyer and each Seller have structured the transactions contemplated by this Agreement as an absolute and irrevocable sale, and the Buyer and each Seller agree to treat each such transaction as a true sale for all purposes under Applicable Law and accounting principles, including, without limitation, in their respective books, records, computer files, tax returns (federal, state and local), regulatory and governmental filings (and shall reflect such sale in their respective financial statements). Each Seller will advise all Persons inquiring about the 2 734109631 19632855 the relevant maturities for purposes of determining the appropriate Account Debtor Discount Rates applicable to the Proposed Receivables included on any Purchase Request (whether by reason of circumstances affecting the London interbank Eurodollar market or otherwise) or adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the LIBO Rate or the LIBO Rate does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to the Buyer of funding a Purchase Request, then the Buyer shall give the Sellers prompt notice thereof, and so long as such condition remains in effect, (i) no Purchase Request shall be funded using the LIBO Rate as a component of the Discount and (ii) all outstanding and future Purchase Requests shall be funded using a Discount that is calculated based on the Prime Rate plus a margin, which margin shall have the effect of approximating the return to the Buyer that was expected prior to the existence of such condition. If (i) the foregoing unavailability or inadequacy with respect to the LIBO Rate is not of a temporary nature or (ii) the Buyer determines that (A) the administrator of the LIBO Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over such administrator or the Buyer (or any other Person on behalf of such administrator or Governmental Authority) has made or published a public statement announcing that (1) the administrator of the LIBO Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the LIBO Rate, permanently or indefinitely (provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, no successor administrator will continue to provide the LIBO Rate), or (2) the LIBO Rate is no longer representative or (B) non-recourse and limited recourse accounts receivable purchase facilities that include similar language to that contained in this Section 1(e) are being executed or amended to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate (including any mathematical or other adjustments to the benchmark (if any) incorporated therein) to replace the LIBO Rate, then the Buyer and the Sellers shall negotiate in good faith with a view to agreeing upon another mutually acceptable benchmark interest rate (including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark) for the Purchase Requests and such other related changes to this Agreement as may be applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, if such alternate benchmark interest rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. Each determination by the Buyer shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The parties hereto understand and acknowledge that it is uncertain whether the LIBO Rate will continue to be produced and published after the end of 2021. The Buyer does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability to the Sellers under this Agreement or otherwise for, any loss, damage or claim arising from or relating to the administration or submission of, or any other matter related to, the LIBO Rate or any alternative, successor or replacement reference rate to or for the LIBO Rate (such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate being collectively referred to herein as the Replacement Rate ), including any loss, damage or claim arising from or relating to (i) whether the composition or characteristics of such Replacement Rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the LIBO Rate or have the same volume or liquidity as did the LIBO Rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, (ii) the effect any conforming changes made to this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents to implement such Replacement Rate may have or (iii) any mismatch between the Replacement Rate and any Seller s other financial instruments (including potentially those that are intended as hedges). Calculation of Interest. All interest amounts calculated on a per annum basis hereunder(f) are calculated on the basis of a year of three hundred and sixty (360) days. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY(g) WAIVES ANY RIGHT THAT IT MAY HAVE TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREIN, INCLUDING CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW OR STATUTORY CLAIMS. CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY(h) ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT IT IRREVOCABLY (i) SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION, FIRST, OF ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL COURT, AND SECOND, IF FEDERAL JURISDICTION IS NOT AVAILABLE, OF ANY NEW YORK STATE COURT, IN EITHER CASE SITTING IN NEW YORK CITY, NEW YORK, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT, (ii) AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED ONLY IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE OR FEDERAL COURT AND NOT IN ANY OTHER COURT, AND (iii) WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT IT MAY EFFECTIVELY DO SO, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING. 11 734109631 19632855 

ACCOUNT DEBTOR NAME ACCOUNT DEBTOR PURCHASE SUBLIMIT ACCOUNT DEBTOR DISCOUNT RATE DILUTION RESERVE PERCENTAGE ACCOUNT DEBTOR BUFFER PERIOD MAXIMUM TENOR Kohl s CorporationAmazo n.com, Inc. Walmart, Inc. 95,000,00050,000, 000 100,000,000 LIBO Rate + 0.851.10 LIBO Rate + 1.10 0 0 154 days 12 days Ninety (90) days Ninety (90) days Schedule II Account Debtors Schedule II- 1 734109631 19632855 Final Collection Date means the date following the termination of this Agreement on which the Buyer has received (i) all Collections owing on the Purchased Receivables and (ii) all payments, if any, required to be paid by any Seller or Servicer under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, including with respect to Repurchase Events and Indemnified Amounts. GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, applied on a consistent basis as set forth in Opinions of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and/or in statements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and/or their respective successors and that are applied in the circumstances as of the date in question. Governmental Authority means any government or political subdivision or any agency, authority, bureau, regulatory body, central bank, commission, department or instrumentality of any such government or political subdivision, or any other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government or any court, tribunal, grand jury or arbitrator, or any accounting board or authority (whether or not part of a government) that is responsible for the establishment or interpretation of national or international accounting principles, in each case whether foreign or domestic. Indemnified Amounts has the meaning set forth in Section 4(i) hereof. Indemnified Person has the meaning set forth in Section 4(i) hereof. Interpolated Rate means, with respect to any Discount Period, at any time, the rate per annum (rounded to the same number of decimal places as the LIBO Rate) determined by the Buyer (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) to be equal to the rate that results from interpolating on a linear basis between: (a) the LIBO Rate for the longest period for which the LIBO Rate is available that is shorter than the applicable Discount Period; and (b) the LIBO Rate for the shortest period for which the LIBO Rate is available that exceeds the applicable Discount Period, in each case, at such time. Insolvency Event shall mean (i) with respect to an Account Debtor, the inability of such Account Debtor to pay any amount owed when due in respect of a Purchased Receivable as a result of the bankruptcy, insolvency or other financial inability of such Account Debtor to make such payment and (ii) with respect to any Person (including an Account Debtor), such Person shall fail to pay its debts as such debts become due, or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or any proceeding shall be instituted by or against such Person seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief, or composition of it or its debts under any Applicable Law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for any substantial part of its property and, in the case of any such proceeding instituted against it (but not instituted by it), either such proceeding shall remain undismissed or unstayed for a period of thirty (30) days (or, when used with respect to any Seller, Servicer or the Performance Guarantor), forty-five (45) days), or any of the actions sought in such proceeding (including the entry of an order for relief against, or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for, it or for any substantial part of its property) shall occur; or such Person shall take any action to authorize any of the actions set forth above in this clause (ii). Internal Revenue Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, reformed or otherwise modified from time to time. Hanes Subject Financing Statement means the financing statement with file number 0000000181385670 filed by Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (as successor to Wachovia Bank, National Association) with the Department of Assessments and Taxation of the State of Maryland against Hanes. Joinder Agreement means a joinder agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Buyer in all respects. Exhibit A- 4 734109631 19632855 

Knights Subject Financing Statement means the financing statement with file number 2016 2093068 filed by Wells Fargo Bank, National Association with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware against Knights. LIBO Rate means, for any Discount Period, an interest rate per annum equal to the Intercontinental Exchange Benchmark Administration Ltd. (or the successor thereto if it is no longer making such rates available) LIBO Rate ICE LIBOR ), as published from time to time by Reuters (currently Reuters LIBOR01 page) (or any other commercially available source providing quotations of ICE LIBOR as designated by the Buyer from time to time) for deposits in Dollars with a term equal to the Discount Period. If such rate is not available at such time for any reason, then the LIBO Rate shall be a rate per annum equal to the average (rounded upwards if necessary to the nearest 1/100th of 1 of the rates per annum at which deposits in Dollars with a term equal to the Discount Period in a principal amount substantially equal to the applicable Purchase Price are offered to the principal London office of the Buyer by three (3) London banks, reasonably selected by the Buyer in good faith. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) if the LIBO Rate shall be less than 0 , such rate shall be deemed 0 for purposes of this Agreement and (ii) if the Discount Period does not correspond to any available rate term, then the LIBO Rate shall be an Interpolated Rate. Material Adverse Change means, with respect to any Seller, Servicer or Performance Guarantor, an event or circumstance that results in, or could reasonably be expect to result in, a material adverse change in: (i) the business, assets, operations or financial condition of the Sellers, Servicers and Performance Guarantor, taken as a whole; (ii) the ability of the Sellers, Servicers and Performance Guarantor, taken as a whole, to perform their obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document; (iii) the status, existence, perfection, priority, enforceability or other rights and remedies of the Buyer associated with its interests in the Purchased Receivables or any material portion thereof; or (iv) (a) the validity or enforceability against any Seller, Servicer or the Performance Guarantor of any Transaction Document or any Contract or (b) the validity, enforceability or collectability of a material portion of the Purchased Receivables, including if such event or circumstance would increase the days to pay or Dilution with respect to a material portion of the Purchased Receivables (other than due to the applicable Account Debtor s financial or credit condition (including, without limitation, the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to the applicable Account Debtor)). Maximum Outstanding Purchase Amount means 95,000,000.150,000,000. Maximum Tenor means with respect to any Account Debtor, the Maximum Tenor specified for such Account Debtor on Schedule II to this Agreement, as such Schedule may be modified or supplemented from time to time, as agreed to in writing by the Sellers and the Buyer in their respective sole and absolute discretion. MUFG Bank has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. MUFG Platform means the Buyer s communication tool accessible via the internet to enable clients to offer various Receivables for sale to the Buyer and for the loading approval and monitoring of such Receivables on a platform, the terms of use of which are set out in Annex I and are hereby incorporated herein. Net Invoice Amount means the amount of the applicable Purchased Receivable shown on the invoice for such Purchased Receivable as the total amount payable by the related Account Debtor (net of any Dilution, discounts, credits or other allowances shown on such invoice and agreed to prior to the Purchase Date). Non-Payment Report has the meaning set forth in Section 4(h). OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Exhibit A- 5 734109631 19632855 Outstanding Purchase Amount means, as of any time of determination and with respect to a Purchased Receivable, (x) the Net Invoice Amount for such Purchased Receivable, minus (y) the aggregate amount of all Collections with respect to such Purchased Receivable that have been deposited into the Buyer s Account as of such time. When such term is used without reference to any specific Purchased Receivables, it shall constitute a reference to all Purchased Receivables. Overdue Payment Rate means 2 per annum over and above the highest Account Debtor Discount Rate in effect at such time. PATRIOT Act has the meaning set forth in Section 13(l). Performance Guarantor means Hanes and any other Person that has guaranteed the performance obligations of the Sellers under this Agreement. Performance Guaranty means a performance guaranty entered into by any Performance Guarantor in favor of the Buyer. Person means an individual, partnership, sole proprietorship, corporation (including a business trust), limited liability company, limited partnership, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or other entity, or a government or any political subdivision or agency thereof. Post-Closing Date means September 17, 2020, or such later date as may be consented to by the Buyer in writing in its sole discretion. Prime Rate means, for any day, the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Buyer as its reference rate or prime rate , as applicable. Such reference rate or prime rate is set by Buyer based upon various factors, including Buyer s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above or below such announced rate, and is not necessarily the lowest rate charged to any customer. Proposed Receivables means, with respect to any Purchase Date, the Receivables proposed by Seller to the Buyer for purchase hereunder and described in a Purchase Request to be purchased on such Purchase Date. Purchase Date means each date on which the Buyer purchases Receivables. Purchase Price has the meaning set forth in Section 1(e) hereof. Purchase Request has the meaning set forth in Section 1(a) hereof. Purchase Sublimit means, with respect to each Account Debtor, the dollar amount set forth on Schedule II to this Agreement as the Purchase Sublimit, as such Schedule may be modified or supplemented from time to time, as agreed to in writing by the Sellers and the Buyer in their respective sole and absolute discretion. Purchased Receivables has the meaning set forth in Section 1(a) hereof. Receivable means any right to payment of a monetary obligation, whether or not earned by performance, owed to any Seller or the Buyer (as assignee of Seller) by an Account Debtor, whether constituting an account, instrument, document, contract right, chattel paper, payment intangible or general intangible, in each instance arising in connection with the sale of goods that have been or are to be sold or for services rendered or to be rendered, and includes, without limitation, the obligation to pay any finance charges, fees and other charges with respect thereto, together with the Seller s rights in all Related Security with respect thereto, and with respect to each of the foregoing, all Collections and proceeds thereof. Any such right to payment arising from any one transaction, including any such right to payment represented by an individual invoice or agreement, shall constitute a Receivable separate from a Receivable consisting of any such right to payment arising from any other transaction. Exhibit A- 6 734109631 19632855 

probable liabilities of such Person on its total existing debts and liabilities (including contingent liabilities) as they become absolute and matured, (ii) such Person is able to realize upon its assets and pay its debts and other liabilities, contingent obligations and commitments as they mature and become due in the normal course of business, (iii) such Person is not incurring debts or liabilities beyond its ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature and (iv) such Person is not engaged in any business or transaction, and is not about to engage in any business or transaction, for which its property would constitute unreasonably small capital after giving due consideration to the prevailing practice in the industry in which such Person is engaged. Subject Financing Statement means each of the Hanes Subject Financing Statement and the Knights Subject Financing Statement. Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association, joint venture or other business entity of which more than 50 of the Capital Stock or other ownership interests entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of the Person or Persons (whether directors, managers, trustees or other Persons performing similar functions) having the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof; provided, in determining the percentage of ownership interests of any Person controlled by another Person, no ownership interest in the nature of a qualifying share of the former Person shall be deemed to be outstanding. Transaction Documents means this Agreement, any Performance Guaranty, each Purchase Request, each Reconciliation Report, each Non-Payment Report, each Dilution Reserve Report and all other documents and agreements to be executed and delivered by any Seller, any Servicer or any Performance Guarantor in connection with any of the foregoing, in each case, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in the State of New York from time to time; provided, if by reason of mandatory provisions of Applicable Law, the perfection, the effect of perfection or non-perfection or the priority of the security interests of the Buyer is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction other than New York, the term UCC shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such perfection, effect of perfection or non-perfection or priority. B. Other Interpretive Matters. All accounting terms defined directly or by incorporation in this Agreement shall have the defined meanings when used in any certificate or other document delivered pursuant thereto unless otherwise defined therein. For purposes of this Agreement and all such certificates and other documents, unless the context otherwise requires: (a) except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; (b) terms defined in Article 9 of the UCC and not otherwise defined in such agreement are used as defined in such Article; (c) references to any amount as on deposit or outstanding on any particular date means such amount at the close of business on such day; (d) the words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import refer to such agreement (or the certificate or other document in which they are used) as a whole and not to any particular provision of such agreement (or such certificate or document); (e) references to any Section, Schedule or Exhibit are references to Sections, Schedules and Exhibits in or to such agreement (or the certificate or other document in which the reference is made), and references to any paragraph, subsection, clause or other subdivision within any Section or definition refer to such paragraph, subsection, clause or other subdivision of such Section or definition; (f) the term including means including without limitation (g) references to any Applicable Law refer to that Applicable Law as amended from time to time and include any successor Applicable Law; (h) references to any agreement refer to that agreement as from time to time amended, restated, extended or supplemented or as the terms of such agreement are waived or modified in accordance with its terms; (i) references to any Person include that Person s permitted successors and assigns; (j) headings are for purposes of reference only and shall not otherwise affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision hereof; (k) unless otherwise provided, in the calculation of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the term from means from and including, and the terms to and until each means to but excluding (l) terms in one gender include the parallel terms in the neuter and opposite gender; and (m) the term or is not Exhibit A- 8 734109631 19632855 Exhibit B 736993534 19632855 EXHIBIT B DEBTOR SECURED PARTY FILING OFFICE FILE NUMBER FILING DATE Hanesbrands Inc. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A, as Collateral Agent Maryland Department of Assets and Taxation 0000000181479184 08/06/2013 Hanesbrands Inc. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent Maryland Department of Assets and Taxation 171215-1629002 12/15/2017 Knights Apparel LLC JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent Secretary of State of Delaware 2015 1532893 04/09/2015 Knights Apparel LLC JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent Secretary of State of Delaware 2016 0443034 01/22/2016 Knights Apparel LLC JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent Secretary of State of Delaware 2017 8319370 12/15/2017 GFSI LLC JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent Secretary of State of Delaware 2010 3819301 11/01/2010 GFSI LLC JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent Secretary of State of Delaware 2013 3075430 08/06/2013 GFSI LLC JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent Secretary of State of Delaware 2014 3489671 08/29/2014 GFSI LLC JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent Secretary of State of Delaware 2016 2820130 05/11/2016 GFSI LLC JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent Secretary of State of Delaware 2017 8316681 12/15/2017 CC Products LLC JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent Secretary of State of Delaware 2014 3489572 08/29/2014 CC Products LLC JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent Secretary of State of Delaware 2016 2821039 05/11/2016 CC Products LLC JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent Secretary of State of Delaware 2017 8316335 12/15/2017 CC Products LLC JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent Secretary of State of Delaware 2010 3819186 11/01/2010 Alternative Apparel, Inc. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent Secretary of State of Delaware 2017 8315675 12/15/2017 Hanesbrands Inc. -Assignor/SP- HBI Receivables LLC -SP/Assignee PNC Bank, National Association., as Agent Maryland Department of Assessments and Taxation 000000181326115 11/27/2007 

736993534 19632855 Amendment No. 1 (MUFG/Hanes) Hanesbrands Inc. -Assignee Secured Party: PNC Bank, National Association, as Agent -Assignor Secured Party/Buyer: HBI Receivables LLC Maryland Department of Assessments and Taxation 190311-1207002 03/11/2019 Knights Apparel LLC -SP/Assignee: PNC Bank, National Association, as Agent -Assignor/SP/Buyer: HBI Receivables LLC Secretary of State of Delaware 2017 1606570 03/10/2017 Knights Apparel LLC -Assignee Secured Party: PNC Bank, National Association, as Agent -Assignor Secured Party/Buyer: HBI Receivables LLC Secretary of State of Delaware 2019 1651582 03/08/2019 Debtor/Seller: GFSI, Inc. Additional Debtor/Seller: GFSI LLC -SP/Assignee: PNC Bank, National Association, as Agent -Assignor/SP/ Buyer: HBI Receivables LLC Secretary of State of Delaware 2011 0361447 01/31/2011 GFSI LLC Assignee Secured Party: PNC Bank, National Association, as Agent -Assignor Secured Party/ Buyer: HBI Receivables LLC Secretary of State of Delaware 2019 1651020 03/08/2019 Debtor/Seller: CC Products, Inc. Additional Debtor/Seller: CC Products LLC -SP/Assignee: PNC Bank, National Association, as Agent -Assignor/SP/ Buyer: HBI Receivables LLC Secretary of State of Delaware 2011 0361496 01/31/2011 CC Products LLC -Assignee Secured Party: PNC Bank, National Association, as Secretary of State of Delaware 2019 1650873 03/08/2019 736993534 19632855 Amendment No. 1 (MUFG/Hanes) Agent -Assignor Secured Party/Buyer: HBI Receivables LLC Alternative Apparel, Inc. -SP/Assignee: PNC Bank, National Association, as Agent -Assignor/SP/ Buyer: HBI Receivables LLC Secretary of State of Delaware 2018 1653340 03/09/2018 Alternative Apparel, Inc. -Assignee Secured Party: PNC Bank, National Association, as Agent -Assignor Secured Party/Buyer: HBI Receivables LLC Secretary of State of Delaware 2019 1650626 03/08/2019 

</EX-10.39>

<EX-10.40>
 8
 hbi-20221231exx1040.htm
 EX-10.40

hbi-20221231exx1040 

EXECUTION VERSION AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO MASTER RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT This AMENDMENT NO. 2 to the MASTER RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Amendment ), dated as of December 2, 2022, by and among HANESBRANDS INC., a Maryland corporation Hanes ), KNIGHTS APPAREL LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Knights ), GFSI LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, CC PRODUCTS LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, ALTERNATIVE APPAREL, INC., a Delaware corporation, as sellers (each, in such capacity, a Seller and collectively, the Sellers ), and as servicers (each, in such capacity, a Servicer and collectively, the Servicers ), and MUFG BANK, LTD., as buyer (the Buyer ). W I T N E S S E T H: WHEREAS, the Sellers, the Servicers and the Buyer have heretofore entered into the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 11, 2019 (as amended, restated, supplemented, assigned or otherwise modified from time to time, the Receivables Purchase Agreement and WHEREAS, the parties hereto seek to modify the Receivables Purchase Agreement upon the terms hereof, NOW, THEREFORE, in exchange for good and valuable consideration (the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged and confirmed), the parties hereto agree as follows: A G R E E M E N T: 1. Definitions. Unless otherwise defined or provided herein, capitalized terms used herein have the meanings attributed thereto in (or by reference in) the Receivables Purchase Agreement. 2. Amendment to Receivables Purchase Agreement. The Receivables Purchase Agreement is amended to incorporate the changes shown on the marked pages of the Receivables Purchase Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A. For the avoidance of doubt, the changes set forth on Exhibit A hereto in respect of the replacement of the term BSBY Rate shall not apply to, or be deemed to modify, the Purchase Price of any Receivables purchased by the Buyer prior to the date hereof. 3. Conditions to Effectiveness. This Amendment shall be effective subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions, each to the satisfaction of the Buyer in its reasonable discretion and, as to any agreement, document or instrument specified below, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Buyer in its reasonable discretion: (a) the Buyer shall have received an executed counterpart of this Amendment by each of the other parties hereto; (b) a certificate issued by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (or in the case of Hanes, Maryland) as to the legal existence and good standing of each Seller, each Servicer and the Performance Guarantor; (c) a certificate of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of each Seller, each Servicer and the Performance Guarantor certifying that there have been no changes to the formation documents and governing documents of such Person previously delivered to the Buyer in connection with the Receivables Purchase Agreement (or, to the extent any such formation documents or governing documents have changed since previously delivered to the Buyer, certifying attached copies of the formation documents and governing documents of such Person) and certifying all documents evidencing necessary corporate action to be taken by and governmental approvals, if any, to be obtained by such Person with respect to this Amendment and the names and true signatures of the incumbent officers of such Person authorized to sign this Amendment and any other documents to be delivered by it hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith; 

Amendment No. 2 (MUFG/Hanes) (d) favorable opinions of legal counsel to each Seller, each Servicer and the Performance Guarantor in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Buyer, including opinions with respect to due organization and good standing of each such Person, due authorization, execution and delivery of this Amendment, validity and enforceability of the Receivables Purchase Agreement (as amended hereby) and the other Transaction Documents with respect to such Person, non-contravention of organizational documents, material agreements or law; (e) proof of filing of UCC-3 Collateral Release financing statements filed, as of December 2, 2022 by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. Wells with respect to each of (i) the UCC-1 financing statement initial file number 0000000181385670, filed on December 30, 2009 with the Department of Assessments and Taxation of the State of Maryland filed by Wells (as successor to Wachovia Bank, National Association) against Hanes and (ii) the UCC-1 financing statement initial file number 2016 2093068, filed on April 8, 2016 with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware filed by Wells against Knights, in each case, releasing Wells security interests in all Receivables owed to Hanes and Knights by Walmart Inc. or Affiliates thereof, except those Receivables explicitly described on the schedule attached thereto; and (f) proof of payment of all reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements incurred by the Buyer in connection with this Amendment. 4. Certain Representations, Warranties and Covenants. Each Seller and Servicer hereby represents and warrants to the Buyer, as of the date hereof, that: (a) each of the representations and warranties made by each Seller, Servicer and any Performance Guarantor in the Receivables Purchase Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents is true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof or, in the case of any representation or warranty that speaks as to a particular date or period, as of that particular date or period; (b) the execution and delivery by each Seller and Servicer of this Amendment and the performance by each Seller, Servicer and any Performance Guarantor of each Transaction Document to which it is party and each other document to be delivered by it thereunder, (i) are within its corporate powers, (ii) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, (iii) do not contravene, violate or breach (1) its charter or by-laws, (2) any Applicable Law, (3) any indenture, sale agreement, credit agreement, loan agreement, security agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or instrument to which such Seller, Servicer or Performance Guarantor is a party or by which it or any of its respective property is bound, or (4) any order, writ, judgment, award, injunction or decree binding on or affecting it or its property and (iv) do not result in the creation or imposition of any Adverse Claim upon any of its properties pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, credit agreement, loan agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or instrument, other than this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, except in the case of clauses (iii)(2), (3) and (4) and clause (iv), where such contravention, violation or breach, or creation or imposition, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (c) this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by each Seller, Servicer and the Performance Guarantor; (d) this Amendment constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or other laws relating to the enforcement of creditors rights generally and general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought at equity or law); and (e) no Servicer Termination Event has occurred and is continuing, or would occur as a result of this Amendment or the transactions contemplated hereby. 5. Reference to, and Effect on, the Receivables Purchase Agreement and the Transaction Documents. 

Amendment No. 2 (MUFG/Hanes) (a) The Receivables Purchase Agreement (as specifically amended herein) and the other Transaction Documents shall remain in full force and effect and the Receivables Purchase Agreement and such other Transaction Documents are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects by each of the parties hereto. (b) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Buyer, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of, the Receivables Purchase Agreement or any other Transaction Document. (c) After this Amendment becomes effective, all references in the Receivables Purchase Agreement or in any other Transaction Document to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, this Agreement, hereof, herein or words of similar effect, in each case referring to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, shall be deemed to be references to the Receivables Purchase Agreement as amended by this Amendment. 6. Further Assurances. Each Seller and Servicer agrees that from time to time, at its expense, it will promptly execute and deliver all further instruments and documents, and take all further action, that the Buyer may reasonably request in order to perfect, protect or more fully evidence or implement the transactions contemplated hereby. 7. Costs and Expenses. Each Seller and Servicer agrees to pay, jointly and severally, on demand all actual and reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) the Buyer incurs in connection with the preparation, negotiation, documentation and delivery of this Amendment. 8. Transaction Document. This Amendment is a Transaction Document. 9. Successors and Assigns. This Amendment shall bind and inure to the benefit of the respective successors and permitted assigns of each of the parties. 10. Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute but one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Amendment by electronic mail attachment in portable document format (.pdf) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. 11. Governing Law. THIS AMENDMENT, INCLUDING THE RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF THE PARTIES HERETO, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, BUT WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY OTHER CONFLICTS OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF). 12. Headings. Section headings in this Amendment are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Amendment or are given any substantive effect. 13. Severability. Any provisions of this Amendment that are prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 14. Performance Guaranty Ratification. After giving effect to this Amendment and the transactions contemplated by this Amendment, all of the provisions of that certain Performance Guaranty, dated as of December 11, 2019 (as amended, restated, supplemented, assigned or otherwise modified from time to time, the Performance Guaranty ), made by Hanes in favor of the Buyer shall remain in full force and effect, and Hanes hereby ratifies and affirms the Performance Guaranty and acknowledges that the Performance Guaranty has continued and shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. 

Amendment No. 2 (MUFG/Hanes) [THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

Exhibit A EXHIBIT A (Attached) 

CONFORMED THROUGHEXECUTION VERSION EXHIBIT A to Amendment No. 12, dated as of June 19December 2, 20202022 Notice of Rate Change and Acknowledgement, December 9, 2021 MASTER RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT among HANESBRANDS INC., KNIGHTS APPAREL LLC, GFSI LLC, CC PRODUCTS LLC and ALTERNATIVE APPAREL, INC., as Sellers and Servicers, THE OTHER SELLERS AND SERVICERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO and MUFG BANK, LTD., as Buyer Dated as of December 11, 2019 750740423 19632855 

TABLE OF CONTENTS Page -i-750740423 19632855 1. Sale and Purchase. 1 2. Representations and Warranties 3 3. Covenants 3 4. Servicing Activities. 3 5. Deemed Collections; Repurchase Events; Indemnities and Set-Off. 56 6. Notices 78 7. Expenses 89 8. Interest on Overdue Amounts 9 9. Governing Law 9 10. No Non-Direct Damages 9 11. Joinder of Additional Sellers 910 12. Joint and Several Obligations 910 13. General Provisions 10 Schedule I - Form of Purchase Request Schedule II - Account Debtors Exhibit A - Certain Defined Terms Exhibit B - Conditions Precedent for Effectiveness Exhibit C - Representations and Warranties Exhibit D - Covenants Exhibit E - Eligibility Criteria Exhibit F - Servicer Termination Events Exhibit G - Accounts 

(i) the Buyer has received a Purchase Request via the MUFG Platform (or, if applicable, in physical form in substantially the form of Schedule I attached hereto) with respect to the Proposed Receivables at least two (2) Business Days (or such shorter amount of time that Buyer may agree to, in its sole discretion, with respect to any Purchase Request) prior to the applicable Purchase Date, together with any such additional supporting documentation that the Buyer may have reasonably requested; (ii) the Buyer has accepted such Purchase Request and notified the applicable Sellers thereof (either via the MUFG Platform or otherwise); (iii) each of the representations and warranties made by each Seller, Servicer and any Performance Guarantor in this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents is true and correct in all material respects as of such Purchase Date or, in the case of any representation or warranty that speaks as to a particular date or period, as of that particular date or period; (iv) each Proposed Receivable described in such Purchase Request is an Eligible Receivable; (v) immediately following the sale and purchase of the Proposed Receivables set forth in the related Purchase Request, (A) the Outstanding Purchase Amount will not exceed the Maximum Outstanding Purchase Amount and (B) the Outstanding Purchase Amount with respect to the Purchased Receivables payable by any Account Debtor will not exceed such Account Debtor s Purchase Sublimit; and (vi) if (A) such Purchase Date is on prior to the Post-Closing Date, (B) the applicable Seller of any such Proposed Receivable is Hanes or Knights and (C) the applicable Account Debtor is Walmart Inc. or any Affiliate thereof, either (x) an intercreditor agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Buyer, has been entered into by and between the Buyer and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and is in full force and effect or (y) the applicable Subject Financing Statement has been terminated; and (vi) (vii) if (A) such Purchase Date is on or after the Post-Closing Date, (B) the applicable Seller of any such Proposed Receivable is Hanes or Knights and (CB) the applicable Account Debtor is Walmart Inc. or any Affiliate thereof, the applicable Subject Financing Statement has been terminateddate on which the invoice for such Proposed Receivable was issued is on or after December 2, 2022. Each Purchase Request submitted by any Seller shall constitute a representation and warranty that each of the conditions outlined in this Section 1(d) has been satisfied. (e) Purchase Price. The purchase price for each Purchased Receivable purchased on any Purchase Date shall equal (i) the Net Invoice Amount of such Purchased Receivable, minus (ii) the Discount (such amount herein referred to as the Purchase Price ). The Buyer shall pay the Purchase Price minus the Dilution Reserve applicable to such Purchased Receivable (the Funded Amount by depositing such Funded Amount thereof into the Sellers Account in immediately available funds denominated in Dollars on the applicable Purchase Date. For avoidance of doubt and not in limitation of any other provision of this Agreement, it is understood and agreed that the Dilution Reserve is the property of the Seller and represents part of the Purchase Price of the related Purchased Receivable, payable either as of the Settlement Date for a Purchased Receivable or in connection with the offset by Buyer of any obligations of the Sellers against such reserve as provided in Section 4(c) herein. (f) True Sale; No Recourse. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, each purchase of the Purchased Receivables is made without recourse to any Seller and no Seller shall have liability to the Buyer for the failure of any Account Debtor to pay any Purchased Receivable when it is due and payable under the terms applicable thereto. The Buyer and each Seller have structured the transactions contemplated by this Agreement as an absolute and irrevocable sale, and the Buyer and each Seller agree to treat each such transaction as a true sale for all purposes under Applicable Law and accounting principles, including, without limitation, in their respective books, records, computer files, tax returns (federal, state and local), regulatory and governmental filings (and shall 2 750740423 19632855 

Dispute, Dilution or any other claim resulting from the services performed or merchandise furnished in connection with any Purchased Receivable or the furnishing or failure to furnish such services or merchandise or relating to collection activities with respect to any Purchased Receivable; (vi) any suit or claim related to any Receivable, any Contract or any Transaction Document; (vii) the commingling by any Seller of Collections at any time with other funds of such Seller or any other Person or (viii) any civil penalty or fine assessed by OFAC or any other Governmental Authority administering any Anti-Terrorism Law, Anti-Corruption LawLaws or Sanctions, and all reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable documented legal fees and disbursements) incurred in connection with defense thereof by, any Indemnified Person in connection with the Transaction Documents as a result of any action of the Seller or any of its respective Affiliates; provided, however, that in all events there shall be excluded from the foregoing indemnification any Indemnified Amounts to the extent resulting solely from (x) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of an Indemnified Person as determined in a final judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction or (y) the failure of an Account Debtor to pay any sum due under its Purchased Receivables by reason of the financial or credit condition of such Account Debtor (including, without limitation, the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to the applicable Account Debtor). Any amount due and payable pursuant to this section shall be paid to the Buyer s Account in immediately available funds by no later than the fifth (5th) Business Day following demand therefor by the Buyer. (d) Tax Indemnification. All payments on the Purchased Receivables from the Account Debtors and Sellers will be made free and clear of any present or future taxes, withholdings or other deductions whatsoever that arise by reason of the sale of the Purchased Receivables to the Buyer Sale Transaction Taxes or relating to the underlying transactions between the applicable Seller and the related Account Debtors that gave rise to such Purchased Receivables Prior Transaction Taxes or arise by reason of the imposition of any withholding taxes on amounts paid by such Account Debtors or Seller to the Buyer with respect to a Purchased Receivable pursuant to this Agreement Payment Transaction Taxes ), except as required by Applicable Law. If any applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of the Account Debtor) requires the deduction or withholding of any Sale Transaction Taxes or Prior Transaction Taxes or Payment Transaction Taxes from any such payments, then the Seller or the related Account Debtors shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law. Each Seller jointly and severally will indemnify the Buyer and hold the Buyer harmless from any Sale Transaction Taxes, Prior Transaction Taxes, and Payment Transaction Taxes other than any such taxes that are imposed as a result of the failure of the Buyer to deliver any forms reasonably requested by Sellers, where the Buyer is legally able to deliver such forms without undue burden or expense. Further, each Seller shall pay and indemnify and hold the Buyer harmless from and against, any Sale Transaction Taxes or Prior Transaction Taxes or Payment Transaction Taxes that may at any time be asserted (including any sales, occupational, excise, gross receipts, personal property, privilege or license taxes, or withholdings, but not including taxes imposed upon the Buyer with respect to its overall net income or taxes excluded pursuant to the proviso in the immediately preceding sentence) and costs, expenses and reasonable attorneys fees and expenses in defending against the same, whether arising by reason of the acts to be performed by any Seller hereunder or otherwise. Any amount due and payable pursuant to this section shall be paid to the Buyer s Account in immediately available funds by no later than the fifteenth (15th) Business Day following demand therefor delivered by the Buyer to the Sellers together with reasonable evidence of such amount being due and payable. (e) Set-Off. Each Seller and Servicer hereby irrevocably instruct and authorize the Buyer to setoff, appropriate and apply (without presentment, demand, protest or other notice which are hereby expressly waived) any deposits and any other indebtedness held or owing by the Buyer or any branch, agency, representative office or Subsidiary thereof, including the payment of the Purchase Price for any Proposed Receivables, to, or for the account of, any Seller or any Servicer or any Performance Guarantor against amounts owing by each Seller or Servicer hereunder or under any other Transaction Document (even if contingent or unmatured). (f) UCC. The rights granted to the Buyer hereunder are in addition to all other rights and remedies afforded to the Buyer as a secured party under the UCC. 6. Notices. Unless otherwise provided herein, all communications by any party to any other party hereunder or any other Transaction Document shall be in a writing personally delivered or sent by a recognized 7 750740423 19632855 

request, in each case, generally consistent with the documents delivered on the Closing Date, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Buyer. Upon receipt of such Joinder Agreement and such other documents, such Additional Seller shall become a Seller hereunder, subject to the rights, duties and obligations of a Seller in all respects. 12. Joint and Several Obligations. The obligations of the Sellers hereunder are joint and several. To the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Law, until the Final Collection Date, each Seller hereby waives any claim, right or remedy that such Seller now has or hereafter acquires against any other Seller that arises hereunder including, without limitation, any claim, remedy or right of subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution, indemnification, or participation in any claim, right or remedy of the Buyer against any Seller or any of its property which the Buyer now has or hereafter acquires, whether or not such claim, right or remedy arises in equity, under contract, by statute, under common law or otherwise. In addition, until the Final Collection Date, each Seller hereby waives any right to proceed against the other Sellers, now or hereafter, for contribution, indemnity, reimbursement, and any other suretyship rights and claims, whether direct or indirect, liquidated or contingent, whether arising under express or implied contract or by operation of law, which any Seller may now have or hereafter have as against the other Seller with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 13. General Provisions. (a) Final Agreement. This Agreement represents the final agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings and agreements with respect to such subject matter. No provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived except by a writing signed by the parties hereto. This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the respective successors and permitted assigns of each of the parties; provided, however, that no Seller or Servicer may assign any of its rights hereunder without the Buyer s prior written consent, given or withheld in the Buyer s sole discretion. The Buyer shall have the right to sell, transfer, negotiate, or grant participations in all or any part of, or any interest in, the Buyer s obligations, rights and benefits hereunder (including in any Purchased Receivables); provided, that, other than with respect to any such sale, transfer, negotiation, or participation in any Purchased Receivable (for which no consent shall be required but prompt notice thereof shall be delivered to Hanes), the Buyer shall, unless a Servicer Termination Event has occurred, obtain the prior written consent of Hanes to any such sale, transfer, negotiation, or participation (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). (b) Severability. Any provisions of this Agreement that are prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. (c) Execution; Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute but one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by electronic mail attachment in portable document format (.pdf) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. (d) Termination. The term of this Agreement shall last from the initial effective date hereof until terminated by either the Buyer or the Sellers convenience at any time by thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement, including all covenants, representations and warranties, repurchase obligations and indemnities made herein shall continue in full force and effect until the Final Collection Date. Each Seller s and Servicer s obligations to indemnify the Buyer with respect to the expenses, damages, losses, costs and liabilities shall survive until the later of (x) the Final Collection Date and (y) all applicable statute of limitations periods with respect to actions that may be brought by the Buyer under the Transaction Documents have run. (e) Effect of Benchmark Transition Event. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then the Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all 10 750740423 19632855 

purposes hereunder in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to this Agreement or any further action or consent of the Sellers. The Buyer will promptly notify the Sellers of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Buyer pursuant to the provisions hereof, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in the Buyer s sole discretion and without consent from the Sellers. (e) LIBO Rate Cessation. Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if the Buyer determines (which determination shall be binding and conclusive) that quotations of interest rates for the relevant deposits in the definition of LIBO Rate in Exhibit A are not being provided in the relevant amounts or for the relevant maturities for purposes of determining the appropriate Account Debtor Discount Rates applicable to the Proposed Receivables included on any Purchase Request (whether by reason of circumstances affecting the London interbank Eurodollar market or otherwise) or adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the LIBO Rate or the LIBO Rate does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to the Buyer of funding a Purchase Request, then the Buyer shall give the Sellers prompt notice thereof, and so long as such condition remains in effect, (i) no Purchase Request shall be funded using the LIBO Rate as a component of the Discount and (ii) all outstanding and future Purchase Requests shall be funded using a Discount that is calculated based on the Prime Rate plus a margin, which margin shall have the effect of approximating the return to the Buyer that was expected prior to the existence of such condition. If (i) the foregoing unavailability or inadequacy with respect to the LIBO Rate is not of a temporary nature or (ii) the Buyer determines that (A) the administrator of the LIBO Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over such administrator or the Buyer (or any other Person on behalf of such administrator or Governmental Authority) has made or published a public statement announcing that (1) the administrator of the LIBO Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the LIBO Rate, permanently or indefinitely (provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, no successor administrator will continue to provide the LIBO Rate), or (2) the LIBO Rate is no longer representative or (B) non-recourse and limited recourse accounts receivable purchase facilities that include similar language to that contained in this Section 1(e) are being executed or amended to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate (including any mathematical or other adjustments to the benchmark (if any) incorporated therein) to replace the LIBO Rate, then the Buyer and the Sellers shall negotiate in good faith with a view to agreeing upon another mutually acceptable benchmark interest rate (including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark) for the Purchase Requests and such other related changes to this Agreement as may be applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, if such alternate benchmark interest rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. Each determination by the Buyer shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The parties hereto understand and acknowledge that it is uncertain whether the LIBO Rate will continue to be produced and published after the end of 2021. The Buyer does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability to the Sellers under this Agreement or otherwise for, any loss, damage or claim arising from or relating to the administration or submission of, or any other matter related to, the LIBO Rate or any alternative, successor or replacement reference rate to or for the LIBO Rate (such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate being collectively referred to herein as the Replacement Rate ), including any loss, damage or claim arising from or relating to (i) whether the composition or characteristics of such Replacement Rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the LIBO Rate or have the same volume or liquidity as did the LIBO Rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, (ii) the effect any conforming changes made to this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents to implement such Replacement Rate may have or (iii) any mismatch between the Replacement Rate and any Seller s other financial instruments (including potentially those that are intended as hedges). (f) Calculation of Interest. All interest amounts calculated on a per annum basis hereunder are calculated on the basis of a year of three hundred and sixty (360) days. (g) WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT THAT IT MAY HAVE TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION 11 750740423 19632855 

BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREIN, INCLUDING CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW OR STATUTORY CLAIMS. (h) CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT IT IRREVOCABLY (i) SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION, FIRST, OF ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL COURT, AND SECOND, IF FEDERAL JURISDICTION IS NOT AVAILABLE, OF ANY NEW YORK STATE COURT, IN EITHER CASE SITTING IN NEW YORK CITY, NEW YORK, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT, (ii) AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED ONLY IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE OR FEDERAL COURT AND NOT IN ANY OTHER COURT, AND (iii) WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT IT MAY EFFECTIVELY DO SO, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING. (i) WAIVER OF IMMUNITIES. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT TO THE EXTENT THAT IT HAS OR HEREAFTER MAY ACQUIRE ANY IMMUNITY FROM THE JURISDICTION OF ANY COURT OR FROM ANY LEGAL PROCESS (WHETHER THROUGH SERVICE OR NOTICE, ATTACHMENT PRIOR TO JUDGMENT, ATTACHMENT IN AID TO EXECUTION, EXECUTION OR OTHERWISE) WITH RESPECT TO ITSELF OR ITS PROPERTY, IT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES SUCH IMMUNITY IN RESPECT OF ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT. (j) Captions and Cross References. The various captions in this Agreement are provided solely for convenience of reference and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision of this Agreement. Unless otherwise indicated, references in this Agreement to any Section, Schedule or Exhibit are to such Section of or Schedule or Exhibit to this Agreement, as the case may be, and references in any Section, subsection, or clause to any subsection, clause or subclause are to such subsection, clause or subclause of such Section, subsection or clause. (k) No Party Deemed Drafter. Each Servicer, Seller and the Buyer agree that no party hereto shall be deemed to be the drafter of this Agreement. (l) PATRIOT Act. The Buyer hereby notifies each other party hereto that pursuant to the requirements of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the PATRIOT Act ), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each such party, which information includes the name, address, tax identification number and other information that will allow the Buyer to identify such party in accordance with the PATRIOT Act. This notice is given in accordance with the requirements of the PATRIOT Act. Promptly following anyUpon the reasonable request thereforof the Buyer, each party to this AgreementSeller shall deliverprovide to the Buyer allthe documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authoritiesso requested by the Buyer for purposes of compliancein connection with applicable know your customer requirements under the PATRIOT Act, the Beneficial Ownership Rule or other applicable anti-money launderingand anti-money-laundering and counter-terrorist financing laws, rules, and regulations. (m) Divisions. For all purposes under the Transaction Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws): (i) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (ii) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Capital Stock at such time. (n) Accounting Treatment; Non-Reliance. Each Seller and each Servicer agrees and acknowledges that (i) it is a sophisticated party in relation to this Agreement; (ii) it has made its own independent decision to enter into the Agreement, the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the transactions 12 750740423 19632855 

Schedule II Account Debtors Ninety (90) days ACCOUNT DEBTOR DISCOUNT RATE Walmart, Inc. 100,000,000300,0 00,000 Amazon.com, Inc. BSBYBase Rate + 1.100.80 DILUTION RESERVE PERCENTAGE 0 50,000,000100,00 0,000 12 days ACCOUNT DEBTOR PURCHASE SUBLIMIT Ninety (90) days BSBYBase Rate + 1.100.85 ACCOUNT DEBTOR BUFFER PERIOD 0 ACCOUNT DEBTOR NAME 46 days MAXIMUM TENOR 

Exhibit A Certain Defined Terms A. Defined Terms. As used herein, the following terms shall have the following meanings: Account Debtor means a Person listed as an account debtor on Schedule II to this Agreement, as such Schedule may be modified or supplemented from time to time, as agreed to in writing by the Sellers and the Buyer in their respective sole and absolute discretion. Account Debtor Buffer Period means for each Account Debtor, the number of days set forth under the heading Account Debtor Buffer Period for such Account Debtor on Schedule II to this Agreement, as such Schedule may be modified or supplemented from time to time, as agreed to in writing by the Sellers and the Buyer in their respective sole and absolute discretion. Account Debtor Discount Rate means with respect to any Account Debtor, the Account Debtor Discount Rate specified for such Account Debtor on Schedule II to this Agreement, as such Schedule may be modified or supplemented from time to time, as agreed to in writing by the Sellers and the Buyer in their respective sole and absolute discretion. Additional Seller has the meaning set forth in Section 11 hereof. Adjusted Due Date means, with respect to any Purchased Receivable, the date that corresponds to the Due Date with respect to such Purchased Receivable plus the Account Debtor Buffer Period for the Account Debtor of such Purchased Receivable. Adverse Claim means any ownership interest or claim, mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, lien, security interest, hypothecation, charge or other encumbrance or security arrangement of any nature whatsoever, whether voluntarily or involuntarily given, including, but not limited to, any conditional sale or title retention arrangement, and any assignment, deposit arrangement or lease intended as, or having the effect of, security; it being understood that any thereof in favor of, or assigned to, the Buyer shall not constitute an Adverse Claim. Affiliate when used with respect to a Person means any other current or future Person controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, such Person. For the purposes of this definition, control of a Person means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of its management and policies, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. Agreement has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. Anti-Corruption Laws means all applicable laws, rules, andor regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to any Seller or any of its Affiliates from time to time relatingpertaining to bribery or corruption., including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, and any applicable law or regulation implementing the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions. Anti-Terrorism Laws means each of: (a) the Executive Order; (b) the PATRIOT Act; (c) the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, 18 U.S.C. Sect. 1956 and any successor statute thereto; (d) the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada); (e) the Bank Secrecy Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; and (f) any other Applicable Law of the United States, Canada or any member state of the European Union now or hereafter enacted to monitor, deter or otherwise prevent: (i) terrorism or (ii) the funding or support of terrorism or (iii) money laundering. Exhibit A-1 750740423 19632855 

Applicable Law means any law (including common law), constitution, statute, treaty, regulation, rule, ordinance, order, injunction, writ, decree, judgment, award or similar item of or by a Governmental Authority or any interpretation, implementation or application thereof. Base Rate means Term SOFR plus the Credit Spread Adjustment; provided, however, that if Term SOFR plus the Credit Spread Adjustment is less than 0 , then the Base Rate shall be deemed to be 0 . Benchmark means, initially, as applicable, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor of SOFR; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor of SOFR, as applicable, or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to the provisions hereof. Benchmark Replacement means with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Buyer and the Sellers giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the relevant Governmental Authority or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, if such Benchmark Replacement as so determined and after giving effect to the Credit Spread Adjustment or the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, respectively, would be less than the Floor, such Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable tenor, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Buyer and the Sellers giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the relevant Governmental Authority or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities. Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: (a) in the case of clauses (a) and (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide a tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) that would permit the determination of such Benchmark for usage as set forth herein; and (b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: (a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide a tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) that would permit the determination of such Benchmark for usage as set forth herein permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator Exhibit A-2 750740423 19632855 

that will continue to provide a tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) that would permit the determination of such Benchmark for usage as set forth herein; (b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide a tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) that would permit the determination of such Benchmark for usage as set forth herein permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide a tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) that would permit the determination of such Benchmark for usage as set forth herein; or (c) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that no tenor of such Benchmark that would permit the determination of such Benchmark for usage as set forth herein is, or as of a specified future date will be, representative. Beneficial Ownership Rule means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. BSBY means the Bloomberg Short Term Bank Yield Index, as administered by the BSBY Administrator. BSBY Administrator means Bloomberg Index Services Limited (or a successor administrator of BSBY selected by the Buyer in its discretion). BSBY Rate means, for any Discount Period, BSBY for a tenor comparable to such Discount Period, as such rate is published by the BSBY Administrator on the first day of such period (such day, the BSBY Rate Determination Day provided that, (i) if the BSBY Administrator does not publish BSBY for a tenor comparable to such period, the BSBY Rate shall be determined by the Buyer by linear interpolation of the nearest two (2) tenors of BSBY that are so published, as such rate is otherwise determined pursuant to the terms of this definition, and (ii) if on any BSBY Rate Determination Day the BSBY Rate for the applicable tenor is not published by the BSBY Administrator, then the BSBY Rate shall be BSBY for the applicable tenor as most recently published by the BSBY Administrator. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the BSBY Rate as determined above would be less than 0 , then the BSBY Rate shall be deemed to be 0.001 for purposes of the Agreement. Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banks in New York City are required or permitted to close. Buyer has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. Buyer s Account means the account specified as such in Exhibit G hereto, or such other bank account identified in writing by the Buyer to Seller from time to time. Capital Stock means, with respect to any Person, any and all common shares, preferred shares, interests, participations, rights in or other equivalents (however designated) of such Person s capital stock, partnership interests, limited liability company interests, membership interests or other equivalent interests and any rights (other than debt securities convertible into or exchangeable for capital stock), warrants or options exchangeable for or convertible into such capital stock or other equity interests. Exhibit A-3 750740423 19632855 

Certification of Beneficial Owner(s) means a certification regarding beneficial ownership of a Seller as required by the Beneficial Ownership Rule. Change of Control means Hanes, at any time, (i) ceasing to own, directly or indirectly, free and clear of any Adverse Claim and on a fully diluted basis, one hundred percent (100 of the Capital Stock of each Seller (other than Hanes) or (ii) ceasing to control each Seller (other than Hanes). For the purposes of this definition, control of a Person means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of its management and policies, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. Closing Date means the date of this Agreement. Collections means, with respect to any Receivable: (a) all funds that are received by any Seller or Servicer or any Affiliate on their behalf in payment of any amounts owed in respect of such Receivable (including purchase price, finance charges, interest and all other charges), or applied to amounts owed in respect of such Receivable (including insurance payments and net proceeds of the sale or other disposition of repossessed goods or other collateral or property of the related Account Debtor of such Receivable or any other Person directly or indirectly liable for the payment of such Receivable and available to be applied thereon), (b) all Deemed Collections, (c) all proceeds of all Related Security with respect to such Receivable and (d) all other proceeds of such Receivable. Conforming Changes means, with respect to the Base Rate or any alternative Benchmark, any conforming changes to the definition thereof, applicable tenor, timing of publication and frequency of determining such rate and making payments and other technical, administrative or operational matters as may be appropriate, in the discretion of the Buyer, in consultation with the Sellers, to reflect the adoption and implementation of such rate, and to permit the administration thereof by the Buyer in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Buyer determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rates exist, in such other manner of administration as the Buyer determines is reasonably necessary in connection with this Agreement). Contract means, for each Receivable, the invoice therefor and any other agreement or documentation between the applicable Seller and the applicable Account Debtor giving rise to, and/or setting forth terms and conditions related to the creation and payment of, such Receivable, including in each case any amendments. Cost of Funds Rate means the rate per annum quotedof interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time as such by the Buyer as its reference rate or prime rate , as applicable, which rate shall be determined and calculated by the Buyer in its sole discretion, taking into account factors including, but not limited to, the Buyer s external and internal funding costs and prevailing interbank market rates and conditions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Cost of Funds Rate shall be less than 0 , such rate shall be deemed 0 for purposes of this Agreement. Credit and Collection Policy means, as the context may require, those receivables credit and collection policies and practices of each Seller and Servicer in effect on the date hereof as modified in compliance with this Agreement. Credit Spread Adjustment means, with respect to any Purchased Receivable, the percentage applicable to the relevant Discount Period identified by the Buyer to serve as the basis upon which the Buyer adjusts Term SOFR or SOFR from time to time, in respect of such Purchased Receivable, which percentage shall be made available to the Sellers in a manner determined by the Buyer from time to time. Each determination of the Credit Spread Adjustment shall be in the sole and absolute discretion of the Buyer. Deemed Collection has the meaning set forth in Section 5(a) hereof. Dilution means on any date after the date of the related Purchase Date with respect to a Purchased Receivable, an amount equal to the sum, without duplication, of the aggregate reduction effected on such day in the outstanding balance of such Purchased Receivable attributable to any non-cash items including credits, rebates, Exhibit A-4 750740423 19632855 

Executive Order means Executive Order No. 13224 on Terrorist Financings: Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten To Commit, or Support Terrorism issued on September 23, 2001. Final Collection Date means the date following the termination of this Agreement on which the Buyer has received (i) all Collections owing on the Purchased Receivables and (ii) all payments, if any, required to be paid by any Seller or Servicer under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, including with respect to Repurchase Events and Indemnified Amounts. GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, applied on a consistent basis as set forth in Opinions of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and/or in statements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and/or their respective successors and that are applied in the circumstances as of the date in question. Governmental Authority means any government or political subdivision or any agency, authority, bureau, regulatory body, central bank, commission, department or instrumentality of any such government or political subdivision, or any other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government or any court, tribunal, grand jury or arbitrator, or any accounting board or authority (whether or not part of a government) that is responsible for the establishment or interpretation of national or international accounting principles, in each case whether foreign or domestic. Indemnified Amounts has the meaning set forth in Section 4(i) hereof. Indemnified Person has the meaning set forth in Section 4(i) hereof. Interpolated Rate means, with respect to any Purchased Receivable for which a published Term SOFR Reference Rate is not available for a tenor comparable to the relevant Discount Period, at any time, the rate per annum (rounded to the same number of decimal places as the BSBYTerm SOFR Reference Rate) determined by the Buyer (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) to be equal to the rate that results from interpolating on a linear basis between: (a) the BSBY RateTerm SOFR for the longest period for which the BSBYa Term SOFR Reference Rate is available that is shorter than the applicablerelevant Discount Period plus the Credit Spread Adjustment; and (b) the BSBY RateTerm SOFR for the shortest period for which the BSBYa Term SOFR Reference Rate is available that exceeds the applicablerelevant Discount Period plus the Credit Spread Adjustment, with Term SOFR, in each case, at such time.determined using the applicable publication date specified in the definition of Term SOFR . Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if the relevant Discount Period is less than one (1) month, the Interpolated Rate shall be equal to the rate that results from interpolating on a linear basis between: (c) SOFR plus the Credit Spread Adjustment, with SOFR determined using the publication date specified in the definition of SOFR and (d) Term SOFR for a one (1) month tenor plus the Credit Spread Adjustment, with Term SOFR determined using the publication date specified in the definition of Term SOFR . Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the sum of the values described in clauses (a), (b), (c) or (d) above, is less than 0 , then the sum of the values described in any such clause that is less than 0 shall be deemed to be 0 for purposes of this Agreement. Insolvency Event shall mean (i) with respect to an Account Debtor, the inability of such Account Debtor to pay any amount owed when due in respect of a Purchased Receivable as a result of the bankruptcy, insolvency or other financial inability of such Account Debtor to make such payment and (ii) with respect to any Person (including an Account Debtor), such Person shall fail to pay its debts as such debts become due, or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or any proceeding shall be instituted by or against such Person seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief, or composition of it or its debts under any Applicable Law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for any substantial part of its property and, in the case of any such proceeding instituted against it (but not instituted by it), either such proceeding shall remain undismissed or unstayed for a period of thirty (30) days (or, when used with Exhibit A-6 750740423 19632855 

respect to any Seller, Servicer or the Performance Guarantor), forty-five (45) days), or any of the actions sought in such proceeding (including the entry of an order for relief against, or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for, it or for any substantial part of its property) shall occur; or such Person shall take any action to authorize any of the actions set forth above in this clause (ii). Internal Revenue Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, reformed or otherwise modified from time to time. Hanes Subject Financing Statement means the financing statement with file number 0000000181385670 filed by Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (as successor to Wachovia Bank, National Association) with the Department of Assessments and Taxation of the State of Maryland against Hanes. Joinder Agreement means a joinder agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Buyer in all respects. Knights Subject Financing Statement means the financing statement with file number 2016 2093068 filed by Wells Fargo Bank, National Association with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware against Knights. Material Adverse Change means, with respect to any Seller, Servicer or Performance Guarantor, an event or circumstance that results in, or could reasonably be expect to result in, a material adverse change in: (i) the business, assets, operations or financial condition of the Sellers, Servicers and Performance Guarantor, taken as a whole; (ii) the ability of the Sellers, Servicers and Performance Guarantor, taken as a whole, to perform their obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document; (iii) the status, existence, perfection, priority, enforceability or other rights and remedies of the Buyer associated with its interests in the Purchased Receivables or any material portion thereof; or (iv) (a) the validity or enforceability against any Seller, Servicer or the Performance Guarantor of any Transaction Document or any Contract or (b) the validity, enforceability or collectability of a material portion of the Purchased Receivables, including if such event or circumstance would increase the days to pay or Dilution with respect to a material portion of the Purchased Receivables (other than due to the applicable Account Debtor s financial or credit condition (including, without limitation, the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to the applicable Account Debtor)). Maximum Outstanding Purchase Amount means 150,000,000400,000,000. Maximum Tenor means with respect to any Account Debtor, the Maximum Tenor specified for such Account Debtor on Schedule II to this Agreement, as such Schedule may be modified or supplemented from time to time, as agreed to in writing by the Sellers and the Buyer in their respective sole and absolute discretion. MUFG Bank has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. MUFG Platform means the Buyer s communication tool accessible via the internet to enable clients to offer various Receivables for sale to the Buyer and for the loading approval and monitoring of such Receivables on a platform, the terms of use of which are set out in Annex I and are hereby incorporated herein. Net Invoice Amount means the amount of the applicable Purchased Receivable shown on the invoice for such Purchased Receivable as the total amount payable by the related Account Debtor (net of any Dilution, discounts, credits or other allowances shown on such invoice and agreed to prior to the Purchase Date). Non-Payment Report has the meaning set forth in Section 4(h). Exhibit A-7 750740423 19632855 

OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Outstanding Purchase Amount means, as of any time of determination and with respect to a Purchased Receivable, (x) the Net Invoice Amount for such Purchased Receivable, minus (y) the aggregate amount of all Collections with respect to such Purchased Receivable that have been deposited into the Buyer s Account as of such time. When such term is used without reference to any specific Purchased Receivables, it shall constitute a reference to all Purchased Receivables. Overdue Payment Rate means 2 per annum over and above the highest Account Debtor Discount Rate in effect at such time. PATRIOT Act has the meaning set forth in Section 13(l). Performance Guarantor means Hanes and any other Person that has guaranteed the performance obligations of the Sellers under this Agreement. Performance Guaranty means a performance guaranty entered into by any Performance Guarantor in favor of the Buyer. Person means an individual, partnership, sole proprietorship, corporation (including a business trust), limited liability company, limited partnership, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or other entity, or a government or any political subdivision or agency thereof. Post-Closing Date means September 17, 2020, or such later date as may be consented to by the Buyer in writing in its sole discretion. Prime Rate means, for any day, the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Buyer as its reference rate or prime rate , as applicable. Such reference rate or prime rate is set by Buyer based upon various factors, including Buyer s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above or below such announced rate, and is not necessarily the lowest rate charged to any customer. Proposed Receivables means, with respect to any Purchase Date, the Receivables proposed by Seller to the Buyer for purchase hereunder and described in a Purchase Request to be purchased on such Purchase Date. Purchase Date means each date on which the Buyer purchases Receivables. Purchase Price has the meaning set forth in Section 1(e) hereof. Purchase Request has the meaning set forth in Section 1(a) hereof. Purchase Sublimit means, with respect to each Account Debtor, the dollar amount set forth on Schedule II to this Agreement as the Purchase Sublimit, as such Schedule may be modified or supplemented from time to time, as agreed to in writing by the Sellers and the Buyer in their respective sole and absolute discretion. Purchased Receivables has the meaning set forth in Section 1(a) hereof. Receivable means any right to payment of a monetary obligation, whether or not earned by performance, owed to any Seller or the Buyer (as assignee of Seller) by an Account Debtor, whether constituting an account, instrument, document, contract right, chattel paper, payment intangible or general intangible, in each instance arising in connection with the sale of goods that have been or are to be sold or for services rendered or to be rendered, and includes, without limitation, the obligation to pay any finance charges, fees and other charges with respect thereto, together with the Seller s rights in all Related Security with respect thereto, and with respect to each of the foregoing, all Collections and proceeds thereof. Any such right to payment arising from any one transaction, Exhibit A-8 750740423 19632855 

including any such right to payment represented by an individual invoice or agreement, shall constitute a Receivable separate from a Receivable consisting of any such right to payment arising from any other transaction. Reconciliation Report has the meaning set forth in Section 4(g). Related Security means, with respect to any Receivable: (i) all of each applicable Seller s interest in any goods (including returned goods) and documentation of title evidencing the shipment or storage of any goods (including returned goods), relating to any sale giving rise to such Receivable; (ii) all rights to enforce payment of such Receivable under the related Contract; (iii) all instruments and chattel paper that may evidence such Receivable; (iv) all guaranties, insurance and other agreements or arrangements of whatever character from time to time supporting payment of such Receivable whether pursuant to the Contract related to such Receivable or otherwise; (v) all security interests or liens and property subject thereto from time to time purporting to secure payment of such Receivable, whether pursuant to the Contract related to such Receivable or otherwise, together with all financing statements describing any collateral securing such Receivable; and (vi) all books, records and other information (including computer programs, tapes, discs, punch cards, data processing software and related property and rights) relating to such Receivable and the related Account Debtor. Sales Transaction Taxes has the meaning set forth in Section 5(d). Sanctioned Country means any country or other territory subject to comprehensive, country-wide or territory-wide Sanctions, which as of the date of this agreement include Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan and Syria. Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the United States Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control, the U.S. Department of State, or by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or any European Union member state, (b) any PersonPerson: (a) listed on, and/or targeted by, any Sanctions; (b) resident, operating, or organized or resident in aunder the laws of, a comprehensively Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person fifty or morecountry or territory; or (c) who is directly or indirectly owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b). Sanctions means all economic orany financial sanctions, economic, or trade sanctions laws, regulations, rules, decisions, embargoes and/or restrictive measures imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by the United States Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control,by the Government of Japan, the Government of the United States Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, HerHis Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom, the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade or the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Australia, or the Hong Kong Monetary Authority. Seller has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. Sellers Account means the account specified as such in Exhibit G hereto, or such other bank account identified in writing by the Sellers to the Buyer from time to time. Servicer has the meaning set forth in Section 4(a) hereof. Exhibit A-9 750740423 19632855 

Servicer Termination Event means an event specified in Exhibit F hereto. Settlement Date means each Wednesday (unless any such day is not a Business Day, in which case, the next Business Day thereafter shall be a Settlement Date). SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate, as such rate is published by the SOFR Administrator two (2) Business Days prior to the applicable Purchase Date (or if SOFR is not published on such Business Day, then SOFR as most recently published by the SOFR Administrator). SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). Solvent means, with respect to any Person and as of any particular date, (i) the present fair market value (or present fair saleable value) of the assets of such Person is not less than the total amount required to pay the probable liabilities of such Person on its total existing debts and liabilities (including contingent liabilities) as they become absolute and matured, (ii) such Person is able to realize upon its assets and pay its debts and other liabilities, contingent obligations and commitments as they mature and become due in the normal course of business, (iii) such Person is not incurring debts or liabilities beyond its ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature and (iv) such Person is not engaged in any business or transaction, and is not about to engage in any business or transaction, for which its property would constitute unreasonably small capital after giving due consideration to the prevailing practice in the industry in which such Person is engaged. Subject Financing Statement means each of the Hanes Subject Financing Statement and the Knights Subject Financing Statement. Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association, joint venture or other business entity of which more than 50 of the Capital Stock or other ownership interests entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of the Person or Persons (whether directors, managers, trustees or other Persons performing similar functions) having the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof; provided, in determining the percentage of ownership interests of any Person controlled by another Person, no ownership interest in the nature of a qualifying share of the former Person shall be deemed to be outstanding. Term SOFR means, for any Purchased Receivable, an interest rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the number of days in the relevant Discount Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator two (2) Business Days prior to the applicable Purchase Date (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day provided, that if on any Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor is not published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR shall be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor as most recently published by the Term SOFR Administrator. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the number of days in the relevant Discount Period does not correspond to any available published tenor, then the relevant rate shall be an Interpolated Rate. Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of Term SOFR selected by the Buyer in its discretion). Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. Each such determination by the Buyer shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Buyer does not accept responsibility for or have any liability with respect to the administration, determination, publication or other matters related to Term SOFR. Transaction Documents means this Agreement, any Performance Guaranty, each Purchase Request, each Reconciliation Report, each Non-Payment Report, each Dilution Reserve Report and all other documents and Exhibit A-10 750740423 19632855 

agreements to be executed and delivered by any Seller, any Servicer or any Performance Guarantor in connection with any of the foregoing, in each case, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in the State of New York from time to time; provided, if by reason of mandatory provisions of Applicable Law, the perfection, the effect of perfection or non-perfection or the priority of the security interests of the Buyer is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction other than New York, the term UCC shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such perfection, effect of perfection or non-perfection or priority. Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. B. Other Interpretive Matters. All accounting terms defined directly or by incorporation in this Agreement shall have the defined meanings when used in any certificate or other document delivered pursuant thereto unless otherwise defined therein. For purposes of this Agreement and all such certificates and other documents, unless the context otherwise requires: (a) except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; (b) terms defined in Article 9 of the UCC and not otherwise defined in such agreement are used as defined in such Article; (c) references to any amount as on deposit or outstanding on any particular date means such amount at the close of business on such day; (d) the words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import refer to such agreement (or the certificate or other document in which they are used) as a whole and not to any particular provision of such agreement (or such certificate or document); (e) references to any Section, Schedule or Exhibit are references to Sections, Schedules and Exhibits in or to such agreement (or the certificate or other document in which the reference is made), and references to any paragraph, subsection, clause or other subdivision within any Section or definition refer to such paragraph, subsection, clause or other subdivision of such Section or definition; (f) the term including means including without limitation (g) references to any Applicable Law refer to that Applicable Law as amended from time to time and include any successor Applicable Law; (h) references to any agreement refer to that agreement as from time to time amended, restated, extended or supplemented or as the terms of such agreement are waived or modified in accordance with its terms; (i) references to any Person include that Person s permitted successors and assigns; (j) headings are for purposes of reference only and shall not otherwise affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision hereof; (k) unless otherwise provided, in the calculation of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the term from means from and including, and the terms to and until each means to but excluding (l) terms in one gender include the parallel terms in the neuter and opposite gender; and (m) the term or is not exclusive. Exhibit A-11 750740423 19632855 

(j) All assets of each Seller are free and clear of any Adverse Claim in favor of the Internal Revenue Service or any other Governmental Authority other than inchoate tax liens resulting from an assessment of such Seller. (k) All certificates, reports, statements, documents and other information furnished to the Buyer by or on behalf of each Seller, Servicer or Performance Guarantor (including via the MUFG Platform) pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or in connection with or pursuant to any amendment or modification of, or waiver under, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, is, at the time the same are so furnished, complete, true and correct in all material respects on the date the same are furnished to the Buyer, and does not contain any material misstatement of fact or omit to state a material fact or any fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not misleading. (l) No Seller, Servicer or Performance Guarantor is an investment company as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940. (m) Each Seller has continuously treated and shall continue to treat each sale of Purchased Receivables hereunder as a sale for all purposes, including federal and state income tax, reporting and accounting purposes. (n) No event has occurred and is continuing and no condition exists, or would result from any sale or assignment of any Purchased Receivable, that constitutes or may reasonably be expected to constitute, individually or in the aggregate, a Servicer Termination Event. (o) The Purchase Price payable for each Purchased Receivable by the Buyer will represent fair consideration and reasonably equivalent value therefore. (p) No Seller will, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the Purchased Receivables, (i) to fund any activities or business of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is, or whose government is the subject of Sanctions, or (ii) in any other manner that would result in such Seller or the Buyer being in violation of Sanctions. (p) (q) None of: (ia) any Seller, any Subsidiary or, to the knowledge of such Seller or such Subsidiary, any other Affiliate thereof or any of their respective directors, officers or employees, or employees; and (iib) to the knowledge of any Seller, any agent of suchperson acting on behalf of any Seller or any SubsidiaryAffiliate thereof that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby,this Agreement is a Sanctioned Person. (r) Policies and procedures have been implemented and maintained by or on behalf of each Seller, Servicer and Performance Guarantor that are designed to ensure compliance by the Seller, Servicer and Performance Guarantor, their Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and each Seller, Servicer and Performance Guarantor, its Subsidiaries, and their respective officers and employees and, to the knowledge of each Seller, Servicer and Performance Guarantor, their respective directors and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects and are not knowingly engaged in any activity that would reasonably be expected to result in any Seller being designated as a Sanctioned Person. (q) No use of proceeds or other transaction contemplated by this Agreement will violate Sanctions applicable to any party to this Agreement. (tr) As of the Closing Date, each Seller is an entity (other than a bank) whose common stock or analogous equity interests are listed on the New York Stock Exchange or the American Stock Exchange or have been designated as a NASDAQ National Market Security listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange (as used in this clause, a listed entity or that is organized under the laws of the United States or of any state and at least 51 Exhibit C-2 750740423 19632855 

accounting or auditing firm engaged by the Buyer for any examinations or visits by the Buyer or any of its agents or representative during any calendar year. (f) Reporting Requirements. Each Seller and Servicer will provide to the Buyer the following: (i) within five (5) Business Days following knowledge or notice thereof, written notice in reasonable detail, of any Adverse Claim or Dispute asserted or claim made against a Purchased Receivable; (ii) within five (5) Business Days following knowledge or notice thereof, written notice in reasonable detail, of the occurrence of any Servicer Termination Event; and (iii) within five (5) Business Days following knowledge or notice of the occurrence thereof, written notice of any matter that could, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. (g) Further Assurances. Each Seller will, at its expense, promptly execute and deliver all further instruments and documents, and take all further action that the Buyer may reasonably request, from time to time, in order to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the full and complete ownership and security interest in the Purchased Receivables, or to enable the Buyer to exercise or enforce the rights of the Buyer hereunder or under or in connection with the Purchased Receivables. (h) Taxes. Each Seller will pay any and all taxes (excluding the Buyer s income, gross receipts, franchise, doing business or similar taxes arising under the laws of the United States) relating to the transactions contemplated under this Agreement, including but not limited to the sale, transfer and assignment of each Purchased Receivable, other than any taxes that such Seller is contesting in good faith and for which adequate reserves have been taken. (i) Perform Terms. Each Seller and Servicer will duly perform and comply in all material respects with all terms under the Contract and promptly knowledge or notice thereof, inform the Buyer of any breach or default by such Seller or any Account Debtor of any of the terms thereof. (j) Not Adversely Affect the Buyer s Rights. Each Seller and Servicer will refrain from any act or omission which might, individually or in the aggregate, in any material way prejudice, diminish or limit the Buyer s rights under or with respect to any of the Purchased Receivables or this Agreement. (k) Compliance with Credit and Collection Policies. Each Seller and Servicer will comply with the Credit and Collection Policy in all material respects in connection with the origination, servicing, enforcement and collection of Purchased Receivables. (l) No Change in Business or Credit and Collection Policy. Neither any Seller nor any Servicer shall make any change in the character of its business or in the Credit and Collection Policy, which change would, in either case, impair the collectability of any Purchased Receivable or otherwise have a Material Adverse Change with respect to any Seller or any Servicer (it being understood that the replacement of the Credit and Collection Policy of any Seller (other than HBIHanes) with the Credit and Collection Policy of Hanes upon prior written notice to the Buyer shall not be reasonably expected to have such an effect). (m) Change in Status. Promptly following any change that would result in a change to the status of any Seller as an excluded Legal Entity Customer under the Beneficial Ownership Rule, such Seller shall execute and deliver to the Buyer a Certification of Beneficial Owner(s) complying with the Beneficial Ownership Rule, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Buyer. (n) Sanctions. No Seller shall: (a) use, directly or indirectly, all or any part of the proceeds of any purchase of Receivables hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds Exhibit D-2 750740423 19632855 

to any of its Affiliates or its respective directors, officers, employees, agents, and joint venture partners, for the purpose of funding, financing, or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of any Sanctioned Person or in any Sanctioned country or territory, or in any other manner that would result in violation of Sanctions applicable to any party hereto; or (b) fund, directly or indirectly, all or part of, any repayment of obligations under this Agreement out of proceeds derived from dealings with or property of a Sanctioned Person. (o) (n) Sanction Programs; Anti-Corruption Laws. No Seller shall use, directly or indirectly, all or any party of the proceeds of any purchases hereunder (i) in violation of the UK Bribery Act, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or any other applicable anti-corruption law, (ii) to fund any activities or business of or with any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions, (iii) in any other manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions applicable to any party hereto or (iv) in violation of any Anti-TerrorismPurchased Receivable, and shall not lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any of its Affiliates, or any of their respective directors, officers or employees, or any Person acting on behalf of such Seller or any Affiliates of such Seller, for any purpose that would violate any Anti-Corruption Laws. (p) Policies and Procedures. Each Seller has instituted, and will continue to maintain and enforce, adequate policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions. Exhibit D-3 750740423 19632855 

Exhibit G Accounts Buyer s Account Bank: MUFG Bank, Ltd. Bank Swift Address: BOTKUS33 ABA#: 026009632 Account #: 977701910000900179 Account Name: Loan Operations DepartmentTSO Reference: SCF - Hanes Sellers Accounts Bank Name: JP Morgan Chase ABA Number: 021000021 Account Number: 648728228 SWIFT: CHAUS33 Beneficiary Name: HANESBRANDS INC. Exhibit G-1 750740423 19632855 

</EX-10.40>

<EX-10.41>
 9
 hbi-20221231exx1041.htm
 EX-10.41

hbi-20221231exx1041 

1 RETENTION AWARD AGREEMENT This Retention Award Agreement (the Agreement ), effective as of the date of the last signature below, is entered into between Hanesbrands Inc. (referred to as HBI or the Company and M. Scott Lewis (referred to as you or your ). The purpose of this Agreement is to establish the terms and conditions for your Retention Award opportunity. In consideration of the mutual promises contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 1. RETENTION AWARD OPPORTUNITY. Subject to the terms of Paragraphs 5-8 below, if you are in an active employment status with the Company (or a subsidiary of the Company) at the end of the Retention Period, and have been cooperative and duly diligent in performing the duties of your position to the best of your ability during the Retention Period, you will receive a cash Retention Award. 2. RETENTION PERIOD. For purposes of this Agreement, the Retention Period is defined as the period beginning November 1, 2022 and continuing through October 31, 2025. 3. RETENTION AWARD. For purposes of this Agreement, the Retention Award shall consist of a cash payment in the amount of 772,000 (subject to all applicable withholdings). 4. DISBURSEMENT OF THE RETENTION AWARD. The disbursement of the Retention Award shall occur as follows: 

2 i. Subject to your maintaining active employment with the Company (or a subsidiary of the Company), the Retention Award will be paid as follows. The first installment of 386,000 will be paid in cash as soon as practicable after October 31, 2024. The second installment of 386,000 will be paid in cash as soon as practicable after October 31, 2025. ii. Receipt of the Retention Award will be subject, as is required by applicable law, to applicable employment taxes and withholdings. To the extent permitted by applicable law, receipt of the Retention Award will not constitute remuneration for purposes of the calculation by your employer of any employment-related payments (including but not restricted to termination- related payments or any bonus amounts under the Company s Annual Incentive Plan). 5. VOLUNTARY TERMINATION. Upon notice of your voluntary termination, you will not be eligible to receive any unpaid portion of the Retention Award. 6. INVOLUNTARY TERMINATION. If your employer terminates you for reasons other than negligence or misconduct prior to the end of the Retention Period, you will receive the entire Retention Award as provided in Paragraph 4, except that an unpaid portion will be paid as soon as administratively possible after the termination date. If your employer terminates you for negligence or misconduct, including a serious violation of the Company s Code of Conduct prior to the end of the Retention Period, you will not be eligible to receive any portion of the Retention Award. 7. DEATH/PERMANENT DISABILITY. In case of your death or total permanent disability (as determined by the Company in its sole discretion) during the Retention Period, you (or your estate) will receive the entire Retention Award as provided in 

3 Paragraph 4, except that any unpaid portion will be paid as soon as administratively possible after the date of your total permanent disability or death. 8. CONFIDENTIALITY. Subject to applicable law, during and after the Retention Period, you agree to maintain the terms and nature of this Agreement in strict confidence and not to disclose (other than to your spouse, domestic partner, legal counsel, or tax or financial advisor) any details of this Agreement or to comment either favorably or unfavorably about this Agreement. Disclosure of this Agreement or any of its provisions will result in immediate forfeiture of all rights to the Retention Award (or claw back of the entire Retention Award, if already paid) and also may lead to disciplinary action unless this would be contrary to applicable law. Your repayment to Hanesbrands Inc. of the entire Retention Award will be due within 30 days after notice by HBI of your breach/violation of this agreement. 9. NO GUARANTEE OF EMPLOYMENT. Nothing contained in the Agreement gives you any right to continued employment for any fixed period or restricts your employer's right to end your employment at any time in compliance with applicable regulation. 10. RIGHT OF OFFSET. By accepting a Retention Award, you consent to and authorize the Company to deduct any amounts owed by you to the Company for any reason from any amounts payable by the Company to you under this Agreement. 11. SEVERABILITY. Should any provision of this Agreement be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction or other legal authority to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, the validity of the remaining provisions shall not be impaired. 12. APPLICABLE LAW. The parties agree that this Agreement is entered into and will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of North Carolina. HBI and you agree that any controversy or claims arising out of or in any way relating to this Agreement, whether at common law or under a statute, shall be 

4 adjudicated exclusively by either the Middle District of North Carolina (a federal court) or the appropriate state court located within Forsyth County. HBI and you hereby consent to and submit to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts within North Carolina and agree that process may be served upon them in any manner provided by the laws of the State of North Carolina. 13. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto and super cedes any previous agreement or understanding with respect to the subject matter contained herein. It shall not be changed, modified, or amended except in writing and signed by both parties. HANESBRANDS INC. M. Scott Lewis By: /s/ Elizabeth C. Southern By: /s/ M. Scott Lewis Title: VP, Global Compensation Benefits Title: SVP, Chief Accounting Officer _ Date: December 13, 2022 Date: December 9, 2022 

</EX-10.41>

<EX-21.1>
 10
 hbi-20221231exx211.htm
 EX-21.1

hbi-20221231exx211 

1 Exhibit 21.1 HANESBRANDS INC. SUBSIDIARIES AND REGISTERED BRANCHES as of December 31, 2022 UNITED STATES SUBSIDIARIES UNITED STATES Alternative Apparel, Inc. Delaware BA International, L.L.C. Delaware CC Products LLC Delaware Ceibena Del, Inc. Delaware Event 1 LLC Delaware GearCo LLC Delaware GFSI Holdings LLC Delaware GFSI LLC Delaware GTM Retail, Inc. Kansas Hanes El Pedregal Holdings LLC Delaware Hanes Global Holdings U.S. Inc. Delaware Hanes Jiboa Holdings LLC Delaware Hanes Menswear, LLC Delaware Hanesbrands Direct, LLC Colorado Hanesbrands Export Canada LLC Delaware HBI Branded Apparel Enterprises, LLC Delaware HBI International Holdings U.S. Inc. Delaware HBI Playtex Bath LLC Delaware HBI Receivables LLC Delaware HBI Sourcing, LLC Delaware HBI WH Minority Holdings LLC Delaware Inner Self LLC Delaware It s Greek To Me, Inc. Kansas Jasper-Costa Rica, L.L.C. Delaware Knights Apparel LLC Delaware 

2 UNITED STATES Knights Holdco LLC Delaware Maidenform (Bangladesh) LLC Delaware Maidenform (Indonesia) LLC Delaware Maidenform Brands LLC Delaware Maidenform International LLC Delaware Maidenform LLC Delaware MF Retail LLC Delaware Playtex Dorado, LLC Delaware Playtex Industries, Inc. Delaware Playtex Marketing Corporation (50 owned) Delaware Seamless Textiles, LLC Delaware 

3 INTERNATIONAL SUBSIDIARIES INTERNATIONAL Bali Dominicana Inc. Panama Bali Dominicana Textiles S.A. Panama Bali Dominicana Textiles S.A. Dominican Republic Branch Dominican Republic BNT Holdco Pty Limited Australia Bras N Things Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong Bras N Things New Zealand Limited New Zealand Bras N Things Pty Ltd Australia Bras N Things South Africa (Pty) Ltd South Africa Canadelle Holding Corporation Limited Canada Canadelle Limited Partnership Canada Cartex Manufacturera S. de R. L. Costa Rica Caysock, Inc. Cayman Islands Caytex, Inc. Cayman Islands Caywear, Inc. Cayman Islands Ceiba Industrial, S. De R.L. Honduras Champion (UK) (Champion Products Europe Limited UK Branch) United Kingdom Champion Deutschland GmbH Germany Champion Europe S.r.l. Italy Champion Europe S.r.l. French Innerwear Branch France Champion Europe S.r.l. Greek Branch Greece Champion Europe S.r.l. Sucursal en Espana (Spanish Branch) Spain Champion Europe Services S.r.l. Italy Champion International Trademarks GmbH in liquidation (Champion International Trademarks S.a r.l.) Switzerland Champion Northern Europe (Champion Products Europe Limited Norwegian Branch) Norway Champion Northern Europe, Branch (Champion Products Europe Limited Swedish Branch) Sweden Champion Products Benelux (aka Champion Products Europe Dutch Branch) Netherlands 

4 INTERNATIONAL Champion Products Europe Limited Ireland Champion Products Europe Limited (French Branch) France Champion Turkey A.S. Turkey Choloma, Inc. Cayman Islands Confecciones Atlantida S. De R.L. Honduras Confecciones del Valle, S. De R.L. Honduras Confecciones El Pedregal Inc. Cayman Islands Confecciones El Pedregal S.A. de C.V. El Salvador Confecciones Jiboa S.A. de C.V. El Salvador Confecciones La Caleta Cayman Islands Confecciones La Caleta Dominican Republic Branch Dominican Republic Confecciones La Herradura S.A. de C.V. El Salvador Confecciones La Libertad, Ltda de C.V. El Salvador Dos Rios Enterprises, Inc. Cayman Islands Dos Rios Enterprises, Inc. Dominican Republic Branch Dominican Republic Game 7 Athletics S.r.l. Italy GFSI LLC Hong Kong Branch Hong Kong GFSI Southwest, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Hanes (Shanghai) Business Service Co., Ltd. China Hanes (Shanghai) Business Service Co., Ltd. Dongguan Branch China Hanes Australasia Pty Ltd Australia Hanes Australia Pty Ltd Australia Hanes Brands Incorporated de Costa Rica, S.A. Costa Rica Hanes Caribe, Inc. Cayman Islands Hanes Caribe, Inc. Dominican Republic Branch Dominican Republic Hanes Choloma, S. de R. L. Honduras Hanes Colombia, S.A. Colombia Hanes de Centroamerica S.A. Guatemala Hanes de El Salvador, S.A. de C.V. El Salvador Hanes Dominican, Inc. Cayman Islands 

5 INTERNATIONAL Hanes Dominican, Inc. Dominican Republic Branch Dominican Republic Hanes Global Holdings Luxembourg S.a r.l. Luxembourg Hanes Global Holdings Switzerland GmbH Switzerland Hanes Global Supply Chain Philippines, Inc. Philippines Hanes Holdings Asia Limited Hong Kong Hanes Holdings Australasia Pty Ltd Australia Hanes Holdings Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong Hanes Holdings UK Limited United Kingdom Hanes Ink Honduras, S.A. de C.V. Honduras Hanes Innerwear Australia Pty Ltd Australia Hanes IP Bonds Australia Pty Ltd Australia Hanes New Zealand Limited New Zealand Hanes Outsourcing Philippines Inc. Philippines Hanes Panama Inc. Panama Hanes Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore Hanes Supply Chain Holdings Switzerland GmbH Switzerland Hanes Supply Chain Holdings Switzerland GmbH Dominican Republic Branch Dominican Republic Branch Hanes Technology Services Australia Pty Ltd Australia Hanes Trading (Shanghai) Company Ltd China Hanesbrands (HK) Limited Hong Kong Hanesbrands Apparel (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong Hanesbrands Apparel India Private Limited India Hanesbrands Argentina S.A. Argentina Hanesbrands Brasil Textil Ltda. Brazil Hanesbrands Canada NS ULC Canada Hanesbrands Caribbean Logistics, Inc. Cayman Islands Hanesbrands Caribbean Logistics, Inc. Dominican Republic Branch Dominican Republic Hanesbrands Chile SpA Chile Hanesbrands Corporate Services (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong 

6 INTERNATIONAL Hanesbrands Dominicana, Inc. Cayman Islands Hanesbrands Dominicana, Inc. Dominican Republic Branch Dominican Republic Hanesbrands Dos Rios Textiles, Inc. Cayman Islands Hanesbrands Dos Rios Switzerland GmbH Switzerland Hanesbrands Dos Rios Switzerland LLC Dominican Republic Branch Dominican Republic Hanesbrands Dos Rios Textiles, Inc. Dominican Republic Branch Dominican Republic Hanesbrands El Salvador, Ltda. de C.V. El Salvador Hanesbrands Finance Luxembourg S.C.A. Luxembourg Hanesbrands GP Luxembourg S.a r.l. Luxembourg Hanesbrands Holdings (Mauritius) Limited Mauritius Hanesbrands Holdings Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore Hanesbrands International (Thailand) Ltd. Thailand Hanesbrands Japan Inc. Japan Hanesbrands Luxembourg Holdings Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong Hanesbrands Philippines Inc. Philippines Hanesbrands ROH Asia Ltd. Thailand Hanesbrands Switzerland Holdings GmbH Switzerland Hanesbrands Vietnam Company Limited Vietnam Hanesbrands Vietnam Hue Company Limited Vietnam HBI Alpha Holdings, Inc. Cayman Islands HBI Beta Holdings, Inc. Cayman Islands HBI Compania de Servicios, S.A. de C.V. El Salvador HBI Holdings Australasia Pty Ltd Australia HBI Holdings Lux S.a r.l. Luxembourg HBI Holdings Switzerland GmbH Switzerland HBI IP Holdings Switzerland GmbH Switzerland HBI Italy Acquisition Co. S.r.l. Italy HBI Manufacturing (Thailand) Ltd. Thailand HBI Servicios Administrativos S. de R.L. Costa Rica HBI Socks de Honduras, S. de R.L. de C.V. Honduras 

7 INTERNATIONAL HBI Sourcing Asia Limited Hong Kong HBI Supply Chain Costa Rica, S.R.L. Costa Rica HBI Uno Holdings, Inc. Cayman Islands Industrias El Porvenier, S. de R.L. Honduras Inversiones Bonaventure S.A. de C.V. El Salvador It s Greek To Me, Inc. Shenzhen Representative Office China J.E. Morgan de Honduras, S.A. Honduras Jasper Honduras, S.A. Honduras Jasper-Salvador, S.A. de C.V. El Salvador Jogbra Honduras, S.A. Honduras Maidenform (Bangladesh) LLC Bangladesh Liaison Office Bangladesh Manufacturera Ceibena S. de R.L. Honduras Manufacturera Comalapa S.A. de C.V. El Salvador Manufacturera de Cartago, S.R.L. Costa Rica Manufacturera San Pedro Sula, S. de R.L. Honduras MF Brands S.A. de C.V. Mexico MF Supreme Brands de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico MFB International Holdings S.a r.l. Luxembourg PT Hanes Supply Chain Indonesia Indonesia PT. HBI Sourcing Indonesia Indonesia PTX (D.R.), Inc. Cayman Islands PTX (D.R.), Inc. Dominican Republic Branch Dominican Republic Rinplay S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Seamless Puerto Rico, Inc. Puerto Rico Servicios de Soporte Intimate Apparel, S. de R.L. Costa Rica Sheridan Australia Pty Limited Australia Sheridan N.Z. Limited New Zealand Sheridan U.K. Limited United Kingdom Socks Dominicana S.A. Dominican Republic Texlee El Salvador, Ltda. de C.V. El Salvador 

8 INTERNATIONAL The Harwood Honduras Companies, S. de R.L. Honduras Universo Sport Immobiliare S.r.l. Italy 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 11
 hbi-20221231exx231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-248667, 333-240312, 333-238100, 333-214449, 333-188168 and 333-137143) of Hanesbrands Inc. of our report dated February 7, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Greensboro, North Carolina 
 February 7, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 12
 hbi-20221231exx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Stephen B. Bratspies, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hanesbrands Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Stephen B. Bratspies Stephen B. Bratspies Chief Executive Officer 
 Date February 7, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 13
 hbi-20221231exx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Michael P. Dastugue, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hanesbrands Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

s Michael P. Dastugue Michael P. Dastugue Chief Financial Officer 
 Date February 7, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 14
 hbi-20221231exx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Hanesbrands Inc. Hanesbrands on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Stephen B. Bratspies, Chief Executive Officer of Hanesbrands, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Hanesbrands. 
 
 s Stephen B. Bratspies Stephen B. Bratspies Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Date February 7, 2023 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished to accompany Hanesbrands Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any other filing of Hanesbrands Inc. that incorporates the Report by reference. A signed original of this written certification required by Section 906 has been provided to Hanesbrands Inc. and will be retained by Hanesbrands Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 15
 hbi-20221231exx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Hanesbrands Inc. Hanesbrands on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael P. Dastugue, Chief Financial Officer of Hanesbrands, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Hanesbrands. 
 
 s Michael P. Dastugue Michael P. Dastugue Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Date February 7, 2023 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished to accompany Hanesbrands Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any other filing of Hanesbrands Inc. that incorporates the Report by reference. A signed original of this written certification required by Section 906 has been provided to Hanesbrands Inc. and will be retained by Hanesbrands Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 16
 hbi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 17
 hbi-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 18
 hbi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 19
 hbi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 20
 hbi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

