<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_1025835_0001025835-23-000022.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>24224140</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>328930</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2967661</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10468341</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5312939</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4666448</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001025835-23-000022.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224153225
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001025835-23-000022
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		124
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ENTERPRISE FINANCIAL SERVICES CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001025835
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				431706259
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15373
		FILM NUMBER:		23666428

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		150 NORTH MERAMEC
		STREET 2:		150 NORTH MERAMEC
		CITY:			CLAYTON
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3147255500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		150 NORTH MERAMEC
		STREET 2:		150 NORTH MERAMEC
		CITY:			CLAYTON
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63105

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ENTERBANK HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19961024

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001025835-23-000022.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 efsc-20221231.htm
 10-K

efsc-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer Incorporation or Organization) Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 (Title of each class) (Trading Symbol) (Name of each exchange on which registered) Depositary Shares, each representing a 1/40th interest in a share of 5.00 Fixed Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A EFSCP Nasdaq Global Select Market 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 1 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No x 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately based on the closing price of the common stock of 41.50 as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter (June 30, 2022) as reported by the Nasdaq Global Select Market. 
 As of February 22, 2023, the Registrant had shares of outstanding common stock.. 

1 Per SEC guidance, this blank checkbox is included on this cover page but no disclosure with respect thereto shall be made until the adoption and effectiveness of related stock exchange listing standards. 

ENTERPRISE FINANCIAL SERVICES CORP 
 2022 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I Item 1. Business 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 13 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 27 
 Item 2. Properties 27 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 27 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 27 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 27 
 Item 6. Reserved 29 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 29 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 56 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 57 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 114 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 114 
 Item 9B. Other Information 115 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 115 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 115 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 115 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners, and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 116 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 116 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 117 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 118 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 121 
 SIGNATURES 122 

Glossary of Acronyms, Abbreviations and Entities 
 
 The acronyms and abbreviations identified below are used in various sections of this Form 10-K, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in Item 7 and the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 ACL Allowance for Credit Losses Federal Reserve Federal Reserve Board ASC Accounting Standards Codification FHLB Federal Home Loan Bank ASU Accounting Standards Update First Choice First Choice Bancorp Bank Enterprise Bank Trust FCB First Choice Bank BHCA Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended GAAP Generally Accepted Accounting Principles Board or Board of Directors Enterprise Financial Services Corp board of directors GDP Gross Domestic Product C I Commercial and Industrial ICE The Intercontinental Exchange CCB Capital Conservation Buffer LIBOR London Interbank Offered Rate CDFI Community Development Financial Institution MD A Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations CECL Current Expected Credit Loss OCC Office of the Comptroller of the Currency CET1 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital PCD Purchased Credit Deteriorated CFPB Consumer Financial Protection Bureau PCI Purchased Credit Impaired Company Enterprise Financial Services Corp and Subsidiaries PPP Paycheck Protection Program CRE Commercial Real Estate PPPLF Paycheck Protection Program Liquidity Facility Dodd-Frank Act Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 SBA U.S. Small Business Administration EFSC Enterprise Financial Services Corp SBIC Small Business Investment Company Enterprise Enterprise Financial Services Corp and Subsidiaries Seacoast Seacoast Commerce Banc Holdings FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board SEC Securities and Exchange Commission FDIC Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate 

PART 1 

ITEM 1: BUSINESS 
 
 Forward-Looking Information 
 Some of the information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of and intended to be covered by the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and by Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such forward-looking statements are based on management s current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on the Company, and include, without limitation, statements about the Company s plans, strategies, goals, objectives, expectations, or consequences of statements about the future performance, operations, products and services of the Company and its subsidiaries, as well as statements about the Company s expectations regarding revenue and asset growth, financial performance and profitability, loan and deposit growth, yields and returns, loan diversification and credit management, products and services, shareholder value creation and the impact of the Seacoast and First Choice acquisitions and other acquisitions. Forward-looking statements typically are identified with use of terms such as may, might, will, would, should, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, intend, potential, could, continue and the negative and other variations of these terms and similar words, although some forward-looking statements may be expressed differently. Forward-looking statements also include, but are not limited to, statements regarding plans, objectives, expectations or consequences of announced transactions, known trends, and statements about future performance, operations, products and services. Because forward-looking statements are subject to assumptions and uncertainties, actual results or future events could differ, possibly materially, from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements and future results could differ materially from historical performance. Further, the ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. The COVID-19 pandemic could continue to adversely affect us, our customers, counterparties, employees, and third-party service providers, and the extent of its impact remains uncertain. Uneven economic recovery from COVID-19 across sectors could adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations, liquidity and prospects. In addition, governmental action as a result of, or in response to COVID-19, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways. Other factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to: our ability to efficiently integrate acquisitions, including the Seacoast and First Choice acquisitions, into our operations, retain the customers of these businesses and grow the acquired operations; credit risk; changes in the appraised valuation of real estate securing impaired loans; our ability to recover our investment in loans; fluctuations in the fair value of collateral underlying loans; outcomes of litigation and other contingencies; exposure to general and local economic conditions; risks associated with rapid increases or decreases in prevailing interest rates; changes in business prospects that could impact goodwill estimates and assumptions; consolidation within the banking industry; competition from banks and other financial institutions; the ability to attract and retain relationship officers and other key personnel; burdens imposed by federal and state regulation; changes in regulatory requirements; changes in accounting regulation or standards applicable to banks, including ASU 2016-13 (Topic 326), Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, commonly referenced as the CECL model, which we adopted on January 1, 2020 and which changed how we estimate credit losses and may increase the required level of our allowance for credit losses in future periods; changes in the method of determining LIBOR and the phase-out of LIBOR; natural disasters; war or terrorist activities, or pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, and their effects on economic and business environments in which we operate, including the ongoing disruption to the financial market and other economic activity caused by the COVID-19 pandemic; and other risks discussed under the caption Risk Factors in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, all of which could cause actual results to differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. 
 
 Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which reflect management s analysis and expectations only as of the date of such statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and the Company does not intend, and undertakes no obligation, to publicly revise or update forward-looking statements after the date of this report, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by federal securities law. You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all risk factors. Readers should carefully review all disclosures we file from time to time with the SEC which are available on the Company s website at www.enterprisebank.com under Investor Relations. 
 1 

General Development and Description of Our Business 
 Enterprise Financial Services Corp Company, we, us, or our ), headquartered in Clayton, Missouri, is a financial holding company incorporated under Delaware law in December 1994. EFSC is the holding company for Enterprise Bank Trust, a full-service financial institution offering banking and wealth management services to individuals and corporate customers primarily located in Arizona, California, Kansas, Missouri, Nevada, and New Mexico. Our executive offices are located at 150 North Meramec Avenue, Clayton, Missouri 63105, and our telephone number is (314) 725-5500. 
 
 Our stated mission is Guiding people to a lifetime of financial success. We have established an accompanying corporate vision, To be a company where our associates are proud to work, that delivers ease of navigation to our customers and value to our investors, while helping our communities flourish. These tenets are fundamental to our business strategies and operations. 
 
 Our business objective is to generate attractive shareholder returns by providing comprehensive financial services primarily to privately-held businesses, their owner families, and other success-minded individuals. To achieve these objectives we have developed a business strategy that leverages a focused and relationship-oriented distribution and sales approach, with an emphasis on niche businesses, while maintaining prudent credit and interest rate risk management, opportunities for fee income, appropriate supporting technology, and controlled expenses. We believe this strategy allows us to maximize organic growth opportunities, which we supplement and enhance through disciplined growth through acquisition. 
 
 As described in greater detail below, the Company offers a broad range of business and personal banking services, including wealth management services provided through Enterprise Trust. Lending services include C I, CRE, real estate construction and development, residential real estate, SBA, consumer and other loan products. A wide variety of deposit products, including property management and homeowners association along with a complete suite of treasury management and international trade services for operating businesses, complement our lending capabilities. 
 
 Building long-term client relationships Our growth strategy is first and foremost client relationship driven. We continuously seek to add clients who fit our target market of businesses, business owners, professionals, and associated relationships. Those relationships are maintained, cultivated, and expanded over time by experienced banking officers and other trained professionals. We fund loan growth primarily with core deposits from our business and professional clients in addition to consumers in our branch market areas. This is supplemented by borrowing or other deposit sources, including advances from the FHLB, and brokered certificates of deposits. 
 
 Specialized lending and product niches We have focused our lending activities in specialty markets where we believe our expertise and experience as a commercial lender provides advantages over other competitors. In addition, we have developed expertise in certain product niches. These specialty niche activities focus on the following areas: 
 SBA 7(a) . We have a team of experienced bankers in production offices across the country that originate loans through the SBA 7(a) program. These loans are primarily owner-occupied, commercial real estate loans secured by a first lien. These loans predominantly have a 75 portion guaranteed by the SBA. By focusing on this specific product type, we have developed an expertise that differentiates us based upon speed and reliability of execution. 
 Life Insurance Premium Finance . We specialize in financing whole life insurance premiums utilized in high net worth estate planning through relationships with boutique estate planners throughout the United States. 
 Sponsor Finance . We support mid-market company mergers and acquisitions in many domestic markets. We market directly to targeted private equity firms, principally SBICs, and provide primarily senior debt financing to the portfolio companies. In addition, the Company has both financing and depository relationships with the sponsors of the portfolio companies. 
 Tax Credit Related Lending . We are a secured lender on affordable housing projects funded through the use of federal and state low income housing tax credits. In addition, we provide leveraged and other loans on projects 
 2 

funded through the U.S. Department of the Treasury Community Development Financial Institution CDFI New Markets Tax Credit Program. In prior years, we were selected to distribute New Markets Tax Credits, and we continue to participate in the application process, as well as serve as a secured lender to other allocatees. 
 Tax Credit Brokerage . We have a minority ownership in a partnership that acquires, invests and sells, state low income housing tax credits. We lend the partnership money with 6 - 12 year terms and receive interest income and fee income as projects close or credits are sold. 
 
 Specialty deposits In addition to commercial operating accounts for our C I customers, we offer specialty deposit accounts to customers in certain industries with complex account needs. Our focus areas include community associations, property management, third party escrow, and trust services. In addition, we service deposit accounts for customers in our specialized lending niches, including sponsor finance, tax credit and life insurance premium financing. These accounts are primarily demand accounts and have a low overall interest cost. 
 
 Fee income business We offer a broad range of treasury management products and services that benefit businesses ranging from large national clients to local businesses. Customized solutions and special product bundles are available to clients of all sizes. In response to ever increasing needs for data/information security and functional efficiency, we continue to offer cash management systems that employ mobile technology and fraud detection/mitigation services. Enterprise Trust offers a wide range of fiduciary, investment management, and financial advisory services to facilitate our providing these services. We also offer customer hedging products, international banking, card services and tax credit businesses that generate fee income. The Company also invests in certain private equity and SBIC investments that generate additional fee income. 
 
 Use of technology Clients access our products and services both in physical branch locations as well as remotely. We offer online, device applications, text and voice banking in addition to a variety of on site hardware and software solutions, such as remote deposit capture. These portals facilitate access to the commercial and consumer products we offer such as internet banking, mobile banking, cash management products, remote deposit capture, positive pay services, fraud detection and prevention, automated payables, check image, and statement and document imaging. Additional service offerings currently supported by the Bank include controlled disbursements, repurchase agreements, and sweep investment accounts. Our cash management suite of products blends technology and personal service, which we believe often creates a competitive advantage over our competition. Technology products are also extensively utilized within the organization by associates in all lines of business including operations and support, customer service, and financial reporting for internal management purposes and for external compliance. 
 
 Maintaining asset quality We monitor asset quality through formal, ongoing, multiple-level reviews of loans in each market and specialized lending niche. These reviews are overseen by the Bank s credit administration department. In addition, the loan portfolio is subject to ongoing monitoring by a loan review function that reports directly to the Bank s Board of Directors or its committees. 
 
 Expense management We manage expenses carefully through detailed budgeting and expense approval processes. Our success is gauged through the measurement of the efficiency ratio. The efficiency ratio is equal to noninterest expense divided by total revenue (tax equivalent net interest income plus noninterest income). 
 
 Growth through Acquisitions Disciplined strategic acquisitions have contributed significantly to the Company s growth and expansion over the past several years. 
 
 O n July 21, 2021, the Company closed its acquisition of First Choice and its wholly-owned bank subsidiary, FCB. First Choice operated eight full service branches in Southern California with total assets of 2.3 billion. The First Choice acquisition strengthened the Company s commercial banking presence in the California market. 
 
 On November 12, 2020, the Company closed its acquisition of Seacoast and its wholly-owned bank subsidiary, Seacoast Commerce Bank. Seacoast operated five full-service retail and commercial banking offices in California and Nevada, as well as SBA loan production and deposit production offices in various states. Seacoast had total 
 3 

assets of 1.3 billion. The Seacoast acquisition enhanced the Company s commercial and specialty lending verticals, while enhancing the Company s funding profile with deposit expertise in certain specialty deposit areas. 
 
 Competition 
 The Company and its subsidiaries operate in highly competitive markets. Our geographic markets are served by multiple large financial and bank holding companies with substantial capital resources and lending capacity. We face competition not only from other financial holding companies and commercial banks, but also from credit unions, investment managers, insurers, brokerage firms, financial technology companies, and other providers of financial services and products. Strong competition for deposit and loan products affects the rates of those products, as well as the terms on which they are offered to customers. 
 
 Supervision and Regulation 
 The Company is a financial holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended BHCA and is subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the Federal Reserve. The Bank is a Missouri trust company with banking powers and is subject to supervision and regulation by the Missouri Division of Finance. In addition, as a Federal Reserve non-member bank, the Bank is subject to supervision and regulation by the FDIC. 
 
 The Company has securities registered with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company s common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market. The Company also has depositary shares, each representing a 1/40th interest in a share of the Company s 5 , noncumulative perpetual preferred stock Series A Preferred Stock ), listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market. Accordingly, the Company is subject to both SEC and Nasdaq listing standards. 
 
 The following is a summary description of the relevant laws, rules, and regulations governing banks and financial holding companies, including the Company. The description of, and references to, the statutes and regulations below are brief summaries and do not purport to be complete. The descriptions are qualified in their entirety by reference to the related statutes and regulations. 
 
 The regulatory and supervisory structure establishes a comprehensive framework of activities in which an institution can engage and is intended primarily for the protection of depositors, the deposit insurance funds and the banking system as a whole, rather than for the protection of shareholders or creditors. The regulatory structure also gives the regulatory authorities extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies, including policies concerning the establishment of deposit insurance assessment fees, classification of assets and establishment of adequate credit loss reserves for regulatory purposes. 
 
 Various legislation is from time to time introduced in Congress and state legislatures where we operate. Such legislation may change applicable statutes and the operating environment in substantial and unpredictable ways. We cannot determine the ultimate effect that future legislation or implementing regulations would have upon our financial condition or upon our results of operations or the results of operations of any of our subsidiaries. 
 
 One of the most comprehensive legislative acts in recent years was the Dodd-Frank Act, which contains a set of provisions designed to govern the practices and oversight of financial institutions and other participants in the financial markets. The Dodd-Frank Act made extensive changes in the regulation of financial institutions and their holding companies. Some of the changes brought about by the Dodd-Frank Act have been modified by the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act of 2018 (the Regulatory Relief Act ), signed into law on May 24, 2018. 
 
 Legislative and Regulatory Actions in Connection with Global Pandemic . On January 31, 2020, the Secretary of Health and Human Services declared a public health emergency due to the global outbreak of a new strain of coronavirus (COVID-19). On March 13, 2020, the President of the United States proclaimed COVID-19 as a national emergency, following the World Health Organization s categorization of the outbreak as a pandemic. On January 30, 2023, the President announced an intention to allow the national emergency to expire on May 11, 2023. 
 
 4 

On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security CARES Act was signed into law. The CARES Act contains provisions to assist individuals and businesses, including the SBA s Paycheck Protection Program. The PPP provided guaranteed loans that are forgivable if certain requirements are met. Subsequent legislation increased the overall PPP authorization through the end of the program on May 31, 2021. The CARES Act also provided certain temporary regulatory relief for financial institutions. The act permitted financial institutions to temporarily suspend any determination of a loan modified as a result of the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic as being a troubled debt restructuring TDR ), including impairment for accounting purposes, through the end of 2021. We elected to apply the CARES Act relief to certain loan modifications that related primarily to short-term payment deferrals and did not classify such modifications as TDRs during the allowed term. 
 
 Financial Holding Company 
 As a financial holding company, the Company is subject to regulation and examination by the Federal Reserve, and is required to file periodic reports of its operations and such additional information as the Federal Reserve may require. In order to remain a financial holding company, the Company must continue to be considered well-managed and well-capitalized by the Federal Reserve, and the Bank must continue to be considered well-managed and well-capitalized by the FDIC, and have at least a satisfactory rating under the Community Reinvestment Act. See Liquidity and Capital Resources in the MD A for more information on our capital adequacy, and Bank Subsidiary - Community Reinvestment Act below for more information on the Community Reinvestment Act. 
 
 Acquisitions: With certain limited exceptions, the BHCA requires every financial holding company or bank holding company to obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve before (i) acquiring substantially all the assets of any bank, (ii) acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of any voting shares of any bank if, after such acquisition, it would own or control more than 5 of the voting shares of such bank (unless it already owns or controls the majority of such shares), or (iii) merging or consolidating with another bank holding company. Additionally, the BHCA provides that the Federal Reserve may not approve any of these transactions if it would result in or tend to create a monopoly, substantially lessen competition, or otherwise function as a restraint of trade, unless the anti-competitive effects of the proposed transaction are clearly outweighed by the public interest in meeting the convenience and needs of the community to be served. The Federal Reserve also is required to consider the financial and managerial resources and future prospects of the bank holding companies and banks concerned and the convenience and needs of the community to be served. The Federal Reserve s consideration of financial resources generally focuses on capital adequacy, which is described below. 
 
 Change in Bank Control: Subject to various exceptions, the BHCA and the Change in Bank Control Act, together with related regulations, require Federal Reserve approval prior to any person or company acquiring control of a bank or financial holding company. Control is conclusively presumed to exist if an individual or company acquires 25 or more of any class of voting securities of a company or controls a majority of the board of directors. In certain circumstances, control is rebuttably presumed to exist if a person or company acquires 10 or more, but less than 25 , of any class of voting securities of a company. The regulations provide a procedure for challenging rebuttable presumptions of control. 
 
 Permitted Activities: The BHCA has generally prohibited a bank holding company from engaging in activities other than banking or managing or controlling banks or other permissible subsidiaries and from acquiring or retaining direct or indirect control of any company engaged in any activities other than those determined by the Federal Reserve to be closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto. Provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act have expanded the permissible activities of a bank holding company that qualifies as a financial holding company. Under the regulations implementing the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, a financial holding company may engage in additional activities that are financial in nature or incidental or complementary to financial activities. Those activities include, among other activities, certain insurance, advisory and securities activities. 
 
 Support of Bank Subsidiary: Under Federal Reserve policy, the Company is expected to act as a source of financial and managerial strength for the Bank and to commit resources to support the Bank. The Dodd-Frank Act codified this longstanding policy by adopting a provision requiring, among other things, that bank holding companies serve as a source of strength for an subsidiary depository institution. Such financial and managerial support from the 
 5 

Company may be required at times when, without this legal requirement, the Company may not be inclined to provide it. 
 
 Capital Adequacy: The Company is subject to capital requirements and standards established by the Federal Reserve Basel III Capital Rules that are applied on a consolidated basis. These requirements are substantially similar to those required of the Bank (summarized below). 
 
 Under the Basel III Capital Rules, capital instruments such as trust preferred securities and cumulative preferred shares have been phased out of tier 1 capital for banking organizations that had 15 billion or more in total consolidated assets as of December 31, 2009, and have grandfathered as tier 1 capital such instruments issued by smaller entities prior to May 19, 2010 (provided they do not exceed 25 of tier 1 capital). At December 31, 2022, the Company had 93.0 million of trust preferred securities that are grandfathered under this provision. However, if the Company has total assets of 15 billion and acquires another bank, or if an acquisition causes the Company to exceed 15 billion in total assets, the trust preferred securities will no longer qualify as Tier 1 instruments (but may be included in tier 2 capital). 
 
 Dividend Restrictions and Stock Repurchases: From time to time the Company may engage in stock repurchases. The Federal Reserve requires that bank and financial holding companies, where certain conditions are triggered, provide prior notice to, consult with, and in certain circumstances seek the approval of, the Federal Reserve or reserve bank staff prior to implementing a stock repurchase plan. 
 
 Under Federal Reserve policies, financial holding companies may pay cash dividends on common stock only out of income available over the past year if prospective earnings retention is consistent with the organization s expected future needs and financial condition and if the organization is not in danger of not meeting its minimum regulatory capital requirements. Federal Reserve policy also provides that financial holding companies should not pay a level of cash dividends that undermines the financial holding company s ability to serve as a source of strength to its banking subsidiaries. 
 
 Dividends, repurchases and redemptions on the Company s capital stock (common and preferred) are prohibited under the terms of the junior subordinated debenture agreements (see Item 8. Note 10 Subordinated Debentures and Notes if the Company is in continuous default on its payment obligations, has elected to defer interest payments or extends the interest payment period. Furthermore, unless dividends on all outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock for the most recently completed dividend period have been paid or declared, dividends on, and repurchases of, common stock is prohibited. 
 
 Incentive Compensation: Federal banking agencies have issued guidance on incentive compensation policies intended to ensure that the incentive compensation policies of banking organizations do not undermine the safety and soundness of such organizations by encouraging excessive risk-taking. The guidance, which covers all employees that have the ability to materially affect the risk profile of an organization, is based upon the key principles that a banking organization s incentive compensation arrangements should (i) provide incentives that do not encourage risk-taking beyond the organization s ability to effectively identify and manage risks, (ii) be compatible with effective internal controls and risk management, and (iii) be supported by strong corporate governance, including active and effective oversight by the organization s board of directors. In accordance with the Dodd-Frank Act, the federal banking agencies prohibit incentive-based compensation arrangements that encourage inappropriate risk taking by covered financial institutions (generally institutions, like us, that have over 1 billion in assets) and are deemed to be excessive, or that may lead to material losses. 
 
 The Federal Reserve will review, as part of the regular, risk-focused examination process, the incentive compensation arrangements of banking organizations, such as the Company, that are not large, complex banking organizations. These reviews will be tailored to each organization based on the scope and complexity of the organization s activities and the prevalence of incentive compensation arrangements. The findings of the supervisory initiatives will be included in reports of examination. Deficiencies will be incorporated into the organization s supervisory ratings, which can affect the organization s ability to make acquisitions and take other 
 6 

actions. Enforcement actions may be taken against a banking organization if its incentive compensation arrangements, or related risk- management control or governance processes, pose a risk to the organization s safety and soundness, and the organization is not taking prompt and effective measures to correct the deficiencies. 
 
 The scope and content of the U.S. banking regulators policies on executive compensation may continue to evolve in the near future. It cannot be determined at this time whether compliance with such policies will adversely affect the Company s ability to hire, retain, and motivate its key employees. 
 
 In October 2022, the SEC adopted rules requiring securities exchanges, including Nasdaq, to adopt listing standards that require issuers to develop and implement a policy providing, under certain circumstances, for the recovery of erroneously awarded incentive-based compensation received by current or former executive officers. The new rules, which were mandated as part of the Dodd-Frank Act and which became effective in January 2023, will require the Company to adopt a policy implementing the rules within 60 days after the Nasdaq listing standards become effective. 
 
 Bank Subsidiary 
 The Bank is subject to extensive federal and state regulatory oversight. The various regulatory authorities regulate or monitor all areas of the banking operations, including security devices and procedures, adequacy of capitalization and loss reserves, loans, investments, borrowings, deposits, mergers, issuance of securities, payment of dividends, interest rates payable on deposits, interest rates and fees chargeable on loans, establishment of branches, corporate reorganizations, maintenance of books and records, and adequacy of staff training to carry on safe lending and deposit gathering practices. The Bank must maintain certain capital ratios and is subject to limitations on aggregate investments in real estate, bank premises, low-income housing projects, and furniture and fixtures. In connection with their supervision and regulation responsibilities, the Bank is subject to periodic examination by the FDIC and Missouri Division of Finance. 
 
 Capital Adequacy: The Bank is required to comply with the FDIC s capital adequacy standards for insured banks. The FDIC has issued risk-based capital and leverage capital guidelines for measuring capital adequacy, and all applicable capital standards must be satisfied for the Bank to be considered in compliance with regulatory capital requirements. 
 
 Prompt Corrective Action: The Bank s capital categories are determined for the purpose of applying the prompt corrective action rules described below and may be taken into consideration by banking regulators in evaluating proposals for expansion or new activities. They are not necessarily an accurate representation of a bank s overall financial condition or prospects for other purposes. A failure to meet the capital guidelines could subject the Bank to a variety of enforcement actions under those rules, including the issuance of a capital directive, the termination of deposit insurance by the FDIC, a prohibition on taking brokered deposits, and other restrictions on its business. As described below, the FDIC also can impose other substantial restrictions on banks that fail to meet applicable capital requirements. 
 
 Federal law establishes a system of prompt corrective action to resolve the problems of undercapitalized banks. Under this system, the FDIC has established five capital categories well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized and is required to take various mandatory supervisory actions, and is authorized to take other discretionary actions with respect to banks in the three undercapitalized categories. The severity of any such actions taken will depend upon the capital category in which a bank is placed. Generally, subject to a narrow exception, current federal law requires the FDIC to appoint a receiver or conservator for a bank that is critically undercapitalized. 
 
 The following table summarizes the prompt corrective action categories: 
 7 

Prompt Corrective Action Category Total Risk-Based Capital Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Common Equity Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Tier 1 Leverage Ratio Well-capitalized 10.0 8.0 6.5 5.0 Adequately capitalized 8.0 6.0 4.5 4.0 Undercapitalized 
 In addition to the minimum capital ratios noted in the table above, the Basel III Capital Rules require the maintenance of a CCB consisting of CET1 capital in an amount equal to 2.5 of risk weighted assets to avoid restrictions on the ability to make capital distributions and to pay certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers. The CCB effectively increases the minimum CET1 capital, tier 1 capital, and total capital ratios for U.S. banking organizations to 7.0 , 8.5 , and 10.5 , respectively. 
 
 A bank that becomes undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, or critically undercapitalized is required to submit an acceptable capital restoration plan to the FDIC. An undercapitalized bank also is generally prohibited from increasing its average total assets, making acquisitions, establishing new branches, or engaging in any new line of business, except in accordance with an accepted capital restoration plan or with the approval of the FDIC. Also, the FDIC may treat an undercapitalized bank as being significantly undercapitalized if it determines that those actions are necessary to carry out the purpose of the law. 
 All of the Bank s capital ratios were at levels that qualify it to be well-capitalized for regulatory purposes as of December 31, 2022 (see Item 8. Note 14 - Regulatory Capital ). 
 Consumer Financial Protection Bureau: The Dodd-Frank Act centralized responsibility for consumer financial protection including implementing, examining and enforcing compliance with federal consumer financial laws with the CFPB. Depository institutions with more than 10 billion in assets, such as the Bank, are subject to examination by the CFPB. 
 The CFPB has broad rule-making authority for a wide range of consumer protection laws that apply to all banks, including the authority to prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and practices. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act enhanced the regulation of mortgage banking and gave to the CFPB oversight of many of the core laws which regulate the mortgage industry and the authority to implement mortgage regulations. Any new regulations adopted by the CFPB may significantly impact consumer mortgage lending and servicing. 
 The Bank is also subject to other laws and regulations intended to protect consumers in transactions with depository institutions, as well as other laws or regulations affecting customers of financial institutions generally. While the list set forth herein is not exhaustive, these laws and regulations include the Truth in Lending Act, the Truth in Savings Act, the Electronic Funds Transfer Act, the Expedited Funds Availability Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Real Estate Settlement and Procedures Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act and the Federal Trade Commission Act, among others. These laws and regulations mandate certain disclosure requirements and regulate the manner in which financial institutions must deal with customers when taking deposits or making loans to such customers. The Bank must comply with the applicable provisions of these consumer protection laws and regulations as part of its ongoing customer relations. 
 8 

UDAP and UDAAP: Banking regulatory agencies have increasingly used a general consumer protection statute to address unethical or otherwise bad business practices that may not necessarily fall directly under the purview of a specific banking or consumer finance law. The law of choice for enforcement against such business practices has been Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act - the primary federal law that prohibits unfair or deceptive acts or practices and unfair methods of competition in or affecting commerce UDAP or FTC Act ). Unjustified consumer injury is the principal focus of the FTC Act. Moreover, the UDAP provisions have been expanded under the Dodd-Frank Act to apply to unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices UDAAP ), which has been delegated to the CFPB for supervision. The CFPB has brought a variety of enforcement actions for violations of UDAAP provisions and CFPB guidance continues to evolve. 
 Mortgage Reform: The CFPB has adopted final rules implementing minimum standards for the origination of residential mortgages, including standards regarding a customer s ability to repay, restricting variable-rate lending by requiring the ability to repay variable-rate loans be determined by using the maximum rate that will apply during the first five years of a variable-rate loan term, and making more loans subject to provisions for higher cost loans, new disclosures, and certain other revisions. The Dodd-Frank Act allows borrowers to raise certain defenses to foreclosure if they receive any loan other than a qualified mortgage as defined by the CFPB. 
 Dividends by the Bank Subsidiary: Under Missouri law, the Bank may pay dividends to the Company only from a portion of its undivided profits and may not pay dividends if its capital is impaired. As an insured depository institution, federal law prohibits the Bank from making any capital distributions, including the payment of a cash dividend if it is undercapitalized or after making the distribution would become undercapitalized. If the FDIC believes the Bank is engaged in, or about to engage in, an unsafe or unsound practice, the FDIC may require, after notice and hearing, that the bank cease and desist from that practice. The FDIC has indicated that paying dividends that deplete a depository institution s capital base to an inadequate level would be an unsafe and unsound banking practice. The FDIC has issued policy statements providing that insured banks generally should pay dividends only from their current operating earnings. The Bank s payment of dividends also could be affected or limited by other factors, such as events or circumstances which would lead the FDIC to require that it maintain capital in excess of regulatory guidelines. 
 
 Transactions with Affiliates and Insiders: The Bank is subject to the provisions of Regulation W promulgated by the Federal Reserve, which encompasses Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act. Regulation W places limits and conditions on the amount of loans or extensions of credit to, investments in, or certain other transactions with, affiliates and on the amount of advances to third parties collateralized by the securities or obligations of affiliates. Regulation W also prohibits, among other things, an institution from engaging in certain transactions with certain affiliates unless the transactions are on terms substantially the same, or at least as favorable to such institution or its subsidiaries, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with nonaffiliated companies. Federal law also places restrictions on the Bank s ability to extend credit to its executive officers, directors, principal shareholders and their related interests. These extensions of credit must be made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with unrelated third parties; and must not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features. 
 
 Community Reinvestment Act: The Community Reinvestment Act CRA requires that, in connection with examinations of financial institutions within its jurisdiction, the FDIC is required to evaluate the record of the financial institutions in meeting the credit needs of their local communities, including low and moderate income neighborhoods, consistent with the safe and sound operation of those institutions. These factors are also considered in evaluating mergers, acquisitions, and applications to open a branch or facility. The Bank has an outstanding rating under CRA. 
 
 The last significant interagency revision to the CRA regulations occurred in 1995. In May 2022, federal bank regulatory agencies jointly issued a proposal to strengthen and modernize regulations implementing the CRA to better achieve the purposes of the law. The comment period ended on August 5, 2022. We will continue to monitor for the final rulemaking and evaluate the impact of any changes to the CRA regulations. 
 
 9 

USA PATRIOT Act: The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the USA PATRIOT Act requires each financial institution to: (i) establish an anti-money laundering program; (ii) establish due diligence policies, procedures and controls with respect to its private banking accounts and correspondent banking accounts involving foreign individuals and certain foreign banks; and (iii) implement certain due diligence policies, procedures and controls with regard to correspondent accounts in the United States for, or on behalf of, a foreign bank that does not have a physical presence in any country. In addition, the USA PATRIOT Act contains a provision encouraging cooperation among financial institutions, regulatory authorities and law enforcement authorities with respect to individuals, entities and organizations engaged in, or reasonably suspected of engaging in, terrorist acts or money laundering activities. 
 
 Commercial Real Estate Lending: The Bank s lending operations may be subject to enhanced scrutiny by federal banking regulators based on its concentration of commercial real estate loans. CRE loans generally include land development, construction loans, and loans secured by multifamily property, and non-farm, nonresidential real property where the primary source of repayment is derived from rental income associated with the property. Guidance from the federal banking regulators on the risk posed by CRE lending concentrations prescribes guidelines for its examiners to help identify institutions that are potentially exposed to significant CRE risk. These guidelines include concentrations in certain types of CRE that may warrant greater supervisory scrutiny: total reported loans for construction, land development, and other land represent 100 or more of the institutions total capital; or total commercial real estate loans represent 300 or more of the institution s total capital, and the outstanding balance of the institution s commercial real estate loan portfolio has increased by 50 or more in the prior 36 months. 
 
 Volcker Rule: On December 10, 2013, the federal regulators adopted final regulations to implement the proprietary trading and private fund prohibitions of the Volcker Rule under the Dodd-Frank Act. Under the final regulations, banking entities are generally prohibited, subject to significant exceptions, from: (i) short-term proprietary trading as principal in securities and other financial instruments, and (ii) sponsoring or acquiring or retaining an ownership interest in private equity and hedge funds. Revisions to the Volcker Rule in 2019, that become effective in 2020, simplified and streamlined the compliance requirements for banks that do not have significant trading activities. In 2020, the OCC, Federal Reserve, FDIC, SEC and Commodity Futures Trading Commission finalized further amendments to the Volcker Rule. The amendments include new exclusions from the Volcker Rule s general prohibitions on banking entities investing in and sponsoring private equity funds, hedge funds, and certain other investment vehicles (collectively covered funds ). The amendments in the final rule, which became effective on October 1, 2020, clarify and expand permissible banking activities and relationships under the Volcker Rule. 
 
 Interchange Income: The Durbin Amendment to the Dodd-Frank Act capped debit card interchange fees for banks with over 10 billion in assets. Interchange fees are paid to banks by merchants for processing transactions. The Durbin Amendment cap for a single debit card transaction is 21 cents plus 5 basis points multiplied by the amount of the transaction. The Durbin Amendment cap became effective for the Bank on July 1, 2022 and resulted in a reduction in interchange income earned by the Bank. 
 
 Governmental Policies 
 The operations of the Company and its subsidiaries are affected not only by general economic conditions, but also by the policies of various regulatory authorities. In particular, the Federal Reserve regulates monetary policy and interest rates in order to influence general economic conditions. These policies have a significant influence on overall growth and distribution of loans, investments and deposits and affect interest rates charged on loans or paid for deposits. Federal Reserve monetary policies have had a significant effect on the operating results of all financial institutions in the past and may continue to do so in the future. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 We pride ourselves in creating an open, diverse, and transparent culture that celebrates teamwork and recognizes associates at all levels. We expect and encourage participation and collaboration, and understand that we need each other to be successful. We value accountability because it is essential to our success, and we accept our responsibility to hold ourselves and others accountable for meeting shareholder commitments and achieving exceptional standards of performance. We also believe in supporting our associates to achieve a work/life balance. 
 10 

Attracting and Retaining Talent. Our goal is to offer careers to our associates; not just jobs. At December 31, 2022, we employed 1,074 regular full-time and 53 part-time associates. We also employ seasonal/temporary associates and occasionally hire independent contractors for specific projects that require a highly specialized skill set or to provide additional resources during peak times, as needed. 
 
 Our performance measures and compensation determinations are designed to ensure the proper balance of risk and reward. Performance evaluations facilitate our ongoing assessment of associates skills and improvements as needed. We use annual talent reviews to identify high performing associates and future potential leaders, provide insight into critical development needs and retention risks, and identify business-critical talent needs, including anticipated workforce planning challenges. Additionally, we have established succession plans to ensure continuation of critical roles and operations. 
 
 We are committed to offering a competitive total compensation package that is consistent with our principles and aligned with the Company s financial performance. We regularly compare compensation and benefits with peer companies and market data, making adjustments as needed to ensure compensation stays competitive. 
 
 In addition to base salary, approximately 60 of associates are eligible to participate in the Company s Short Term Incentive Plan STIP program. Our STIP program is designed to align compensation with an associate s performance in a given year. The program sets a performance level of short-term incentive awards that an associate is eligible to earn. The STIP target is defined as a percentage of base salary based on the associate s grade level as determined by our Human Resources department. 
 
 In the past 18 months, we have raised our internal minimum wage twice. As of January 1, 2023, our minimum wage is 17 per hour. These increases were instituted to maintain a competitive total rewards package that attracts and retains top talent. The decision to increase our minimum wage was made after extensive research, including reviewing the current market landscape both inside and outside of banking and financial services, and with feedback from leadership. Currently, 96 of our associates earn more than the minimum wage. 
 
 We also offer a wide array of benefits for our associates and their families including 401(k), medical, dental and vision benefits as well as life insurance and short-term disability for all full-time associates. Our wellness program is designed to help associates avoid illness while improving and maintaining their general health. The program offers financial rewards to associates who adopt healthy habits and participate in wellness education and health screens. Annual health screenings are provided to all associates at no charge. 
 
 Associate Feedback . We conduct associate surveys to ensure we understand what is important to our associates, including their opinions on a variety of topics. The adoption of a volunteer time-off policy and improvements to internal communication processes are examples of changes that have been made in response to survey results. Our efforts are being recognized. For the past five years, the Bank has been included in the Best Banks to Work for by American Banker magazine for our dedication to employee satisfaction. In 2022, we were ranked fifth among similar financial institutions with more than 10 billion in assets. 
 
 In late 2021, we conducted a survey specifically directed at gaining a better understanding of our culture and our associates experiences. The survey was designed to provide management insight into our culture s strengths and identify opportunities for improvement. Additionally, we utilize small group setting programs across the organization, where associates have informal discussions and open forum on topics with management. Through our continued use of surveys and other forms of collecting associate feedback, we continue to understand, grow and enhance our culture to facilitate a best place to work environment. 
 
 Diversity, Equity Inclusion . We believe diversity of thought and experiences results in better outcomes and empowers our associates to make more meaningful contributions within our company and communities. We continue to learn and grow, and our current initiatives reflect our ongoing efforts around a more diverse, inclusive and equitable workplace. 
 
 Our Diversity, Equity Inclusion Council is tasked with making recommendations on specific steps we can take to ensure we are driving positive change in our communities. In addition, we have several associate development 
 11 

programs that help to create a more inclusive environment by giving associates and other individuals of all backgrounds additional opportunities to succeed and contribute. These programs include: 
 
 Career Acceleration Program - This trainee program allows participants to experience a wide range of assignments by rotating through the various product partners and operational areas of the Company. Upon successful completion of the program, the associate is placed in a role that aligns with their strengths and talents and helps meet the needs of our organization. 
 Gateway to a Banking Career - This program provides training for jobs as tellers and customer service representatives, job interview practice and job placement assistance. It is a joint effort with two other St. Louis-based financial institutions. Upon successful completion of the program, participants receive a small stipend and are guaranteed an interview with one of the program sponsors. 
 Empower Enlighten - This program pairs our senior leaders with mid-level women and minority associates to foster an environment of mutual understanding, to remove generational boundaries and implicit biases, and to build the bridges that connect people to opportunity. 
 Business Resource Groups - These groups bring together associates with a shared identity, interest or goal to create community and opportunities for improvement and engagement. 
 
 We track the representation of women and underrepresented minorities because we believe that diversity helps us build more effective teams and improve our client experience, leading to greater success for the Company and our shareholders. Our diversity data is monitored by the Board. We have made progress in this area, but continue to strive to further diversify our workforce and strengthen our culture of inclusion. 
 
 Focusing on a Safe and Healthy Workplace . We value our associates and are committed to providing a safe and healthy workplace. Our formal Health Safety HS Policy mandates all tasks be conducted in a safe and efficient manner and comply with all local, state and federal health and safety regulations, and special safety concerns. The HS Policy encompasses all facilities and operations and addresses on-site emergencies, injuries and illnesses, evacuation procedures, cell phone usage and general safety rules. 
 
 Additionally, our Business Continuity Plan and Pandemic Plan are important components in helping maintain the health and safety of our associates and clients. 
 
 Available Information 
 Various reports provided to the SEC, including our annual reports, quarterly reports, current reports, proxy statements, and amendments to such reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available free of charge on our website at www.enterprisebank.com under the Investor Relations link. These reports are made available as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Our filings with the SEC are also available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. All website addresses given in this document are for information only and are not intended to be an active link or to incorporate any website information into this document. 
 12 

ITEM 1A: RISK FACTORS 
 
 An investment in our common shares is subject to risks inherent to our business. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below together with all of the other information included or incorporated by reference in this report. The value of our common shares could decline due to any of these risks, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 
 Risks Relating to General Economic and Market Conditions 
 An economic downturn could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Recessionary conditions and/or negative developments in the domestic and international credit markets may significantly affect the markets in which we do business, the value of our loans and investments, and our ongoing operations and profitability. If the communities in which we operate do not grow, or if prevailing economic conditions locally or nationally are unfavorable, our business may not succeed. Unpredictable economic conditions may have an adverse effect on the quality of our loan portfolio and our financial performance. Adverse changes in the economies in our market areas may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. We bear increased risk of unfavorable local economic conditions. Moreover, we cannot give any assurance we will benefit from any market growth or favorable economic conditions in our primary market areas even if they do occur. 
 
 We face potential risk from changes in governmental monetary policies. 
 The Company s earnings are affected by domestic economic conditions and the monetary and fiscal policies of the U.S. government and its agencies. The Federal Reserve s monetary policies have had, and are likely to continue to have, an important impact on the operating results of commercial banks through its power to implement national monetary policy in order, among other things, to curb inflation or combat a recession. The monetary policies of the Federal Reserve affect the levels of bank loans, investments, and deposits through its control over the issuance of U.S. government securities, its regulation of the discount rate applicable to member banks, and its influence over reserve requirements to which member banks are subject. The Company cannot predict the nature or impact of future changes in monetary and fiscal policies. 
 
 Legal, Regulatory and Tax Risks 
 SBA lending is an important part of our business. Our SBA lending program is dependent upon the U.S. federal government, and we face specific risks associated with originating SBA loans. 
 Our SBA lending program is dependent upon the U.S. federal government. As an approved participant in the SBA Preferred Lender s Program (a Preferred Lender ), we enable our clients to obtain SBA loans without being subject to the potentially lengthy SBA approval process necessary for lenders that are not Preferred Lenders. The SBA periodically reviews the lending operations of participating lenders to assess, among other things, whether the lender exhibits prudent risk management. When weaknesses are identified, the SBA may request corrective actions or impose enforcement actions, including revocation of the Preferred Lender status. If we lose our status as a Preferred Lender, we may lose some or all of our customers to lenders who are Preferred Lenders, and as a result we could experience a material adverse effect to our financial results. Any changes to the SBA program, including but not limited to, changes to the level of guarantee provided by the federal government on SBA loans, changes to program-specific rules impacting volume eligibility under the guaranty program, as well as changes to the program amounts authorized by Congress, may also have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, any default by the U.S. government on its obligations or any prolonged government shutdown could, among other things, impede our ability to originate SBA loans or sell such loans in the secondary market, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. When we originate SBA loans, we incur credit risk on the non-guaranteed portion of the loans, and if a customer defaults on a loan, we share any loss and recovery related to the loan pro-rata with the SBA. If the SBA establishes that a loss on an SBA guaranteed loan is attributable to significant technical deficiencies in the way the loan was originated, funded, or serviced by us, the SBA may seek recovery of the principal loss related to the deficiency. 
 
 13 

Changes in government regulation and supervision may increase our costs or impact our ability to operate in certain lines of business. 
 Our operations are subject to extensive regulation by federal, state and local governmental authorities and are subject to various laws and judicial and administrative decisions imposing requirements and restrictions on part or all of our operations. Banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors funds, federal deposit insurance funds and the banking system as a whole, rather than shareholders. Because our business is highly regulated, the laws, rules, regulations and supervisory guidance and policies applicable to us are subject to regular modification and change and could result in an adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to numerous laws designed to protect consumers, including the CRA and fair lending laws, and failure to comply with these laws could lead to a wide variety of sanctions. 
 The CRA, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act and other fair lending laws and regulations impose nondiscriminatory lending requirements on financial institutions. The CFPB, the U.S. Department of Justice and other federal agencies are responsible for enforcing these laws and regulations. A successful regulatory challenge to an institution s performance under the CRA or fair lending laws and regulations could result in a wide variety of sanctions, including damages and civil monetary penalties; injunctive relief; and restrictions on mergers and acquisitions activity, expansion, and new business lines. Private parties may also have the ability to challenge an institution s performance under fair lending laws in private class action litigation. Such actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
 
 We are subject to compliance with the Bank Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations, and failure to comply with these laws could lead to a wide variety of sanctions. 
 The Bank Secrecy Act, the USA PATRIOT Act, and other laws and regulations require financial institutions, among other duties, to institute and maintain an effective anti-money laundering program and file suspicious activity and currency transaction reports when appropriate. In addition to other bank regulatory agencies, the federal Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of the Department of the Treasury is authorized to impose significant civil money penalties for violations of those requirements and engages in coordinated enforcement efforts with the state and federal banking regulators, as well as the U.S. Department of Justice, CFPB, Drug Enforcement Administration, and Internal Revenue Service. We are also subject to compliance with the rules enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury regarding, among other things, the prohibition of transacting business with, and the need to freeze assets of, certain persons and organizations identified as a threat to the national security, foreign policy or economy of the United States. If our policies, procedures and systems are deemed deficient, we would be subject to liability, including fines and regulatory actions, which may include restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and the necessity to obtain regulatory approvals to proceed with certain aspects of our business plan, including any acquisition plans. Failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing could also have serious reputational consequences for us. Any of these results could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
 
 If the Company or the Bank incur losses that erode its capital, it may become subject to enhanced regulation or supervisory action. 
 Under federal and state laws and regulations pertaining to the safety and soundness of insured depository institutions, the Missouri Division of Finance, the Federal Reserve, and the FDIC have the authority to compel or restrict certain actions if the Company s or the Bank s capital should fall below adequate capital standards. Among other matters, the corrective actions include but are not limited to requiring affirmative action to correct any conditions resulting from any violation or practice; directing an increase in capital and the maintenance of specific minimum capital ratios; restricting the Bank s operations; limiting the interest rate the Bank may pay on brokered deposits; restricting the amount of distributions and dividends and payment of interest on its trust preferred securities; requiring the Bank to enter into informal or formal enforcement orders, including memoranda of understanding, written agreements and consent or cease and desist orders to take corrective action and enjoin unsafe and unsound practices; removing officers and directors and assessing civil monetary penalties; and taking possession of and closing and liquidating the Bank. These actions may limit the ability of the Bank or Company to execute its business plan and thus can lead to an adverse impact on the results of operations or financial position. 
 
 14 

Financial Risks 
 Our business is subject to interest rate risk and variations in interest rates may negatively affect our financial performance. 
 A substantial portion of our income is derived from the differential or spread between the interest earned on loans, investment securities, and other interest-earning assets, and the interest paid on deposits, borrowings, and other interest-bearing liabilities. Because of the differences in the maturities and repricing characteristics of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, changes in interest rates may not produce equivalent changes in interest income earned on interest-earning assets and interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Our assets and liabilities may react differently to changes in overall interest rates or conditions. Significant fluctuations in market interest rates could materially and adversely affect not only our net interest spread, but also our asset quality and loan origination volume, deposits, funding availability, and/or net income. 
 
 Our allowance for credit losses may not be adequate to cover actual loan losses. 
 We maintain an allowance for credit losses, which is a reserve established through a provision for credit losses charged to expense, that represents management s estimate of probable losses within the existing portfolio of loans. The allowance, in the judgment of management, is sufficient to reserve for estimated credit losses and risks inherent in the loan portfolio. We continue to monitor the adequacy of our loan credit allowance and may need to increase it if economic conditions deteriorate. In addition, bank regulatory agencies periodically review our allowance for credit losses and may require an increase in the provision for credit losses or the recognition of further loan charge-offs, based on judgments that can differ somewhat from those of our own management. In addition, if charge-offs in future periods exceed the allowance for loan losses (i.e., if the loan allowance is inadequate), we may need additional credit loss provisions to increase the allowance for loan losses. Additional provisions to increase the allowance for credit losses, should they become necessary, would result in a decrease in net income and a reduction in capital, and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The transition from LIBOR may adversely affect the results of our operations. 
 On December 31, 2021, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), which regulates the LIBOR, ceased issuance of 24 of the 35 LIBOR settings. Five U.S. dollar settings (overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 1-year) will no longer be representative after June 30, 2023. New contracts indexed to LIBOR were prohibited after December 31, 2021. The Company has selected SOFR as a replacement rate to LIBOR. SOFR is different from LIBOR in that it is a backward looking secured rate rather than a forward looking unsecured rate. These differences could lead to a greater disconnect between our costs to raise funds using SOFR as compared to LIBOR. 
 
 Replacement interest rates to LIBOR may perform differently and we may incur significant costs to transition both our borrowing arrangements and the loan agreements with our customers from LIBOR, which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 We may not be able to maintain our historical rate of growth or profitability, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to successfully implement our business strategy. 
 Successful growth requires that we follow adequate loan underwriting standards, balance loan and deposit growth without increasing interest rate risk or compressing our net interest margin, maintain adequate capital at all times, produce investment performance results competitive with our peers and benchmarks, further diversify our revenue sources, meet the expectations of our clients and hire and retain qualified employees. If we do not manage our growth successfully, then our business, results of operations or financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 
 15 

We may incur impairments to goodwill. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 365 million recorded as goodwill. We evaluate our goodwill for impairment at least annually. Significant negative industry or economic trends, including the lack of recovery in the market price of our common stock, or reduced future cash flows or disruptions to our business, could result in impairments to goodwill. Our valuation methodology for assessing impairment requires management to make judgments and assumptions based on experience and to rely on projections of future operating performance. We operate in competitive environments and projections of future operating results and cash flows may vary significantly from actual results. If our analysis results in impairment to goodwill, we would be required to record an impairment charge to earnings in our financial statements during the period in which such impairment is determined to exist. Any such change could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and stock price. 
 
 Declines in asset values may result in impairment charges and adversely impact the value of our investments and our financial performance and capital. 
 We hold an investment portfolio that includes, but is not limited to, municipal bonds, government securities and agency mortgage-backed securities. Factors beyond our control can significantly influence the fair value of securities in our portfolio and can cause potential adverse changes to the fair value of these securities. These factors include, but are not limited to, rating agency actions in respect to the securities, defaults by the issuer or with respect to the underlying securities, changes in market interest rates and/or spread, and instability and other factors impacting the capital markets. Any of these factors, among others, could cause realized or unrealized losses in future periods and declines in other comprehensive income (loss), which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects. The process for determining whether impairment of a security is other-than-temporary often requires complex, subjective judgments about whether there has been significant deterioration in the financial condition of the issuer, whether management has the intent or ability to hold a security for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value, the future financial performance and liquidity of the issuer and any collateral underlying the security and other relevant factors. 
 
 We invest in mortgage-backed obligations and such obligations have been, and are likely to continue to be, impacted by market dislocations, declining home values and prepayment risk, which may lead to volatility in cash flow and market risk and declines in the value of our investment portfolio. 
 Our investment portfolio includes mortgage-backed obligations primarily secured by pools of mortgages on single-family residences. The value of mortgage-backed obligations in our investment portfolio may fluctuate for several reasons, including (i) delinquencies and defaults on the mortgages underlying such obligations, due in part to high unemployment rates, (ii) falling home prices, (iii) lack of a liquid market for such obligations, and (iv) uncertainties in respect of government-sponsored enterprises such as the Federal National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae or the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Freddie Mac ), which guarantee such obligations. If the value of homes were to materially decline, the fair value of the mortgage-backed obligations in which we invest may also decline. Any such decline in the fair value of mortgage-backed obligations, or perceived market uncertainty about their fair value, could adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. In addition, when we acquire a mortgage-backed security, we anticipate the underlying mortgages will prepay at a projected rate, thereby generating an expected yield. Prepayment rates generally increase as interest rates fall and decrease when rates rise, but changes in prepayment rates are difficult to predict. At the time of purchase, many of our mortgage-backed securities had a higher interest rate than prevailing market rates, resulting in a premium purchase price. In accordance with applicable accounting standards, we amortize the premium over the expected life of the mortgage-backed security. If the mortgage loans securing the mortgage-backed security prepay more rapidly than anticipated, we would have to amortize the premium on an accelerated basis, which would thereby adversely affect our profitability. 
 
 Credit and Liquidity Risks 
 Our loan and deposit portfolios are in certain markets which could result in increased concentration risk. 
 A majority of our loans are to businesses and individuals in the St. Louis, Kansas City, Phoenix, Los Alamos, Albuquerque, Santa Fe, Los Angeles, San Diego, and Las Vegas metropolitan areas. These loans are funded by deposits in the same metropolitan areas. The regional economic conditions in areas where we conduct our business 
 16 

have an impact on the demand for our products and services as well as the ability of our clients to repay loans, the value of the collateral securing loans, and the stability of our deposit funding sources. Consequently, a decline in local economic conditions may adversely affect our earnings. 
 
 There are material risks involved in commercial lending that could adversely affect our business. 
 Our business plan calls for continued efforts to increase our assets invested in commercial loans. Our commercial loans include loans secured by real estate (commercial property, construction and land, 1-4 family residential property, and multi-family residential property). Commercial loans generally involve a higher degree of credit risk than residential mortgage loans due, in part, to their larger average size and less marketable collateral. In addition, unlike residential mortgage loans, commercial loans generally depend on the cash flow of the borrower s business to service the debt. Adverse economic conditions or other factors affecting our target markets may have a greater adverse effect on us than on other financial institutions that have a more diversified client base. Increases in non-performing commercial loans could result in operating losses, impaired liquidity and erosion of our capital, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Credit market tightening could adversely affect our commercial borrowers through declines in their business activities and adversely impact their overall liquidity through the diminished availability of other borrowing sources or otherwise. 
 
 The ability of our borrowers to repay their loans may be adversely affected by an increase in market interest rates which could result in increased credit losses. These increased credit losses, where the Bank has retained credit exposure, could decrease our assets, net income and available cash. 
 The loans we make to our borrowers may bear interest at a variable interest rate. When market interest rates increase, the amount of revenue borrowers need to service their debt also increases. Some borrowers may be unable to make their debt service payments. As a result, an increase in market interest rates may increase the risk of loan default. An increase in non-performing loans could result in a net loss of earnings from these loans, an increase in the provision for loan and covered loan losses, and an increase in loan charge-offs, all of these factors could impact allowance, earnings and/or capital levels. 
 
 Our loan portfolio includes loans secured by real estate, which could result in increased credit risk. 
 A portion of our portfolio is secured by real estate, and thus we face a high degree of risk from a downturn in our real estate markets. If real estate values would decline in our markets, our ability to recover on defaulted loans for which the primary reliance for repayment is on the real estate collateral by foreclosing and selling that real estate would then be diminished, and we would be more likely to suffer losses on defaulted loans. 
 
 Additionally, the state-specific foreclosure laws of the jurisdictions in which our real estate collateral is located may hinder our ability to timely or fully recover on defaulted loans secured by property in certain states. For example, some states in which our collateral is located are judicial foreclosure states. In judicial foreclosure states, all foreclosures must be processed through the court system. Due to this process, it may take up to a year or longer to foreclose on real estate collateral located in those states. Our ability to recover on defaulted loans secured by property in those states may be delayed and our recovery efforts are lengthened due to this process. In addition, some states have anti-deficiency statutes with regards to certain types of residential mortgage loans. Our ability to recover on defaulted loans secured by residential mortgages in anti-deficiency statute states may be limited to the fair value of the real estate securing the loan at the time of foreclosure. 
 
 Our commercial and industrial loans and sponsor finance loans are underwritten based primarily on cash flow, profitability and enterprise value of the client and are not fully covered by the value of tangible assets or collateral of the client. Consequently, if any of these transactions becomes non-performing, we could experience significant losses. 
 Cash flow lending involves lending money to a client based primarily on the expected cash flow, profitability and enterprise value of a client, with the value of any tangible assets as secondary protection. In some cases, these loans may have more leverage than traditional bank debt. In the case of our senior cash flow loans, we generally take a lien on substantially all of a client s assets, but the value of those assets is typically substantially less than the amount of money we advance to the client under a cash flow transaction. In addition, some of our cash flow loans may be viewed as stretch loans, meaning they may be at leverage multiples that exceed traditional accepted bank 
 17 

lending standards for senior cash flow loans. Thus, if a cash flow transaction becomes non-performing, our primary recourse to recover some or all of the principal of our loan or other debt product would be to force the sale of all or part of the company as a going concern. Additionally, we may obtain equity ownership in a borrower as a means to recover some or all of the principal of our loan. The risks inherent in cash flow lending include, among other things: 
 
 reduced use of or demand for the client s products or services and, thus, reduced cash flow of the client to service the loan and other debt product as well as reduced value of the client as a going concern; 
 inability of the client to manage working capital, which could result in lower cash flow; 
 inaccurate or fraudulent reporting of our client s positions or financial statements; and 
 our client s poor management of their business. 
 
 Additionally, many of our clients use the proceeds of our cash flow transactions to make acquisitions. Poorly executed or poorly conceived acquisitions can burden management, systems and the operations of the existing business, causing a decline in both the client s cash flow and the value of its business as a going concern. In addition, many acquisitions involve new management teams taking over day-to-day operations of a business. These new management teams may fail to execute at the same level as the former management team, which could reduce the cash flow of the client available to service the loan or other debt product, as well as reduce the value of the client as a going concern. 
 
 Widespread financial difficulties or downgrades in the financial strength or credit ratings of life insurance providers could lessen the value of the collateral securing our life insurance premium finance loans and impair our financial condition and liquidity. 
 One of the specialized products we offer is financing whole life insurance premiums utilized in high net worth estate planning. These loans are primarily secured by the insurance policies financed by the loans, i.e., the obligations of the life insurance providers under those policies. Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations NRSROs such as Standard Poor s, Moody s and A.M. Best evaluate the life insurance providers that are the payors on the life insurance policies that we finance. The value of our collateral could be materially impaired in the event there are widespread financial difficulties among life insurance providers or the NRSROs downgrade the financial strength ratings or credit ratings of the life insurance providers, indicating the NRSROs opinion is the life insurance provider s ability to meet policyholder obligations is impaired, or the ability of the life insurance provider to meet the terms of its debt obligations is impaired. The value of our collateral is also subject to the risk a life insurance provider could become insolvent. In particular, if one or more large nationwide life insurance providers were to fail, the value of our portfolio could be significantly negatively impacted. A significant downgrade in the value of the collateral supporting our premium finance business could impair our ability to create liquidity for this business, which, in turn could negatively impact our ability to expand. 
 
 Our construction and land development loans are based upon estimates of costs and value associated with the completed project. These estimates may be inaccurate and we may be exposed to more losses on these projects than on other loans. 
 Construction, land acquisition and development lending involves additional risks because funds are advanced based upon the projected value of the project, which is inherently uncertain prior to the project s completion. Because of the uncertainties inherent in estimating construction costs, as well as the fair value of the completed project and the effects of governmental regulation of real property and the general effects of the national and local economies, it is relatively difficult to evaluate accurately the total funds required to complete a project and the related loan-to-value ratio. As a result, construction loans often involve the disbursement of substantial funds with repayment dependent, in part, on the success of the ultimate project and the ability of the borrower to sell or lease the property, rather than the ability of the borrower or guarantor to repay principal and interest. If our appraisal of the value of the completed project proves to be overstated, we may have inadequate security for the repayment of the loan upon completion of construction of the project. If we are forced to foreclose on a project prior to or at completion due to a default, there can be no assurance we will be able to recover all of the unpaid balance of, and accrued interest on, the loan or the related foreclosure, sale and holding costs. In addition, we may be required to fund additional amounts to complete the project and may have to hold the property for an unspecified period of time. If any of these events occur, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 
 18 

We are subject to environmental risks associated with owning real estate or collateral. 
 When a borrower defaults on a loan secured by real property, the Company may purchase the property in foreclosure or accept a deed to the property surrendered by the borrower. We may also take over the management of commercial properties whose owners have defaulted on loans. We may also own and lease premises where branches and other facilities are located. While we have lending, foreclosure and facilities guidelines intended to exclude properties with an unreasonable risk of contamination, hazardous substances could exist on some of the properties the Company may own, manage or occupy. We face the risk that environmental laws could force us to clean up the properties at the Company s expense. The cost of cleaning up or paying damages and penalties associated with environmental problems could increase our operating expenses. It may cost more to clean a property than the property is worth. We could also be liable for pollution generated by a borrower s operations if the Company takes a role in managing those operations after a default. The Company may also find it difficult or impossible to sell these properties. 
 
 We may be obligated to indemnify certain counterparties in financing transactions we enter into pursuant to the New Markets Tax Credit Program. 
 We participate in and have previously been an Allocatee of the New Markets Tax Credit Program of the U.S. Department of the Treasury Community Development Financial Institutions Fund. Through this program, we provide our allocation to certain projects, which in turn for an equity investment from an Investor in the project generate federal tax credits to those investors. This equity, coupled with any debt or equity from the project sponsor is in turn invested in a certified community development entity for a period of at least seven years. Community development entities must use this capital to make loans to, or other investments in, qualified businesses in low-income communities in accordance with New Markets Tax Credit Program criteria. Investors receive an overall tax credit equal to 39 of their total equity investment, credited at a rate of five percent in each of the first three years and six percent in each of the final four years. However, after the exhaustion of all cure periods and remedies, the entire credit is subject to recapture if the certified community development entity fails to maintain its certified status, or if substantially all of the equity investment proceeds associated with the tax credits we allocate are no longer continuously invested in a qualified business that meets the New Markets Tax Credit Program criteria, or if the equity investment is redeemed prior to the end of the minimum seven-year term. As part of these financing transactions, we as the parent to Enterprise Financial CDE, LLC CDE ), provide customary indemnities to the tax credit investors, which require us to indemnify and hold harmless the investors in the event a credit recapture event occurs, unless the recapture is a result of action or inaction of the investor. No assurance can be given that these counterparties will not call upon us to discharge these obligations in the circumstances under which they are owed. If this were to occur, the amount we may be required to pay a bank investor could be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 If we fail to comply with requirements of the federal New Markets Tax Credit program, the U.S. Department of the Treasury Community Development Financial Institutions Fund could seek any remedies available under its Allocation Agreement with us, and we could suffer significant reputational harm and be subject to greater scrutiny from banking regulators. 
 Because we have been designated as an Allocatee under the New Markets Tax Credit Program, we are required to provide allocation fund qualifying projects under the New Markets Tax Credit Program, and we are responsible for monitoring those projects, ensuring their ongoing compliance with the requirements of the New Markets Tax Credit Program and satisfying the various recordkeeping and reporting requirements under the New Markets Tax Credit Program. If we default in our obligations under the New Markets Tax Credit Program, the U.S. Department of the Treasury may revoke our participation in any other CDFI Fund programs, reallocate the new market tax credits that were originally allocated to us, and take any other remedial actions that it is empowered to take under the Allocation Agreement they have entered into with us with respect to the New Markets Tax Credit Program, with the full range of such remedies being unknown. If we were to default under the New Markets Tax Credit Program, we could suffer negative publicity in the communities in which we operate, and we could face greater scrutiny from federal and state bank regulators, especially with regard to our compliance with the CRA. These developments could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 
 19 

Liquidity risk could impair our ability to fund operations and meet debt coverage obligations, and jeopardize our financial condition. 
 Liquidity is essential to our business. We are a holding company and depend on our subsidiaries for liquidity needs, including debt coverage requirements. An inability to raise funds through deposits, borrowings, the sale of investment securities and other sources could have a substantial material adverse effect on our liquidity. Our access to funding sources in amounts that are adequate to finance our activities could be impaired by factors that affect us specifically or the financial services industry in general. Factors that could detrimentally impact our access to liquidity sources include, but are not limited to, a decrease in the level of our business activity due to a market downturn, our failure to remain well-capitalized, or adverse regulatory action against us. Our ability to acquire deposits or to borrow could also be impaired by factors that are not specific to us, such as a severe disruption of the financial markets or negative views and expectations about the prospects for the financial services industry as a whole. 
 
 Our utilization of brokered deposits could adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations. 
 Since our inception, we have utilized both brokered and non-brokered deposits as a source of funds to support our growing loan demand and other liquidity needs. As a bank regulatory supervisory matter, reliance upon brokered deposits as a significant source of funding is discouraged. Brokered deposits may not be as stable as other types of deposits, and, in the future, those depositors may not renew their deposits when they mature, or we may have to pay a higher rate of interest to keep those deposits or may have to replace them with other deposits or with funds from other sources. Additionally, if the Bank ceases to be categorized as well-capitalized for bank regulatory purposes, it would not be able to accept, renew or roll over brokered deposits without a waiver from the FDIC. Our inability to maintain or replace these brokered deposits as they mature could adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations. Further, paying higher interest rates to maintain or replace these deposits could adversely affect our net interest margin and results of operations. 
 
 By engaging in derivative transactions, we are exposed to additional credit and market risk in our banking business. 
 We use interest rate swaps to help manage our interest rate risk in our banking business from recorded financial assets and liabilities when they can be demonstrated to effectively hedge a designated asset or liability and the asset or liability exposes us to interest rate risk or risks inherent in client related derivatives. We may use other derivative financial instruments to help manage other economic risks, such as liquidity and credit risk, including exposures that arise from business activities that result in the receipt or payment of future known or uncertain cash amounts, the value of which are determined by interest rates. We also have derivatives that result from a service we provide to certain qualifying clients approved through our credit process and therefore, these derivatives are not used to manage interest rate risk in our assets or liabilities. The Company does not enter into derivative financial instruments for trading purposes. Hedging interest rate risk is a complex process, requiring sophisticated models and routine monitoring. As a result of interest rate fluctuations, hedged assets and liabilities will appreciate or depreciate in market value. The effect of this unrealized appreciation or depreciation will generally be offset by income or loss on the derivative instruments that are linked to the hedged assets and liabilities. By engaging in derivative transactions, we are exposed to credit and market risk. If the counterparty fails to perform, credit risk exists to the extent of the fair value gain in the derivative. Market risk exists to the extent that interest rates change in ways that are significantly different from what we expected when we entered into the derivative transaction. The existence of credit and market risk associated with our derivative instruments could adversely affect our net interest income and, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
 
 Competitive and Reputational Risks 
 The loss of any of our executive officers or other key employees, or the inability to recruit highly skilled and other key employees, may adversely affect our operations. 
 The Company believes its growth and continued success will depend in large part on its executive team and other key employees. The loss of any of our executive officers or other key employees, the failure to successfully transition key roles, or the inability to hire, train, retain, and manage qualified personnel, could have a material adverse effect on our business strategy, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 20 

We face significant competition. 
 The financial services industry, including, but not limited to, commercial banking, mortgage banking, consumer lending, and home equity lending, is highly competitive, and we encounter strong competition for deposits, loans, and other financial services in all of our market areas in each of our lines of business. Our principal competitors include other commercial banks, savings banks, savings and loan associations, mutual funds, money market funds, finance companies, trust companies, technology companies, insurers, credit unions, and mortgage companies among others. Many of our non-bank competitors are not subject to the same degree of regulation as us and have advantages over us in providing certain services. Many of our competitors are significantly larger than we are and have greater access to capital and other resources. Also, our ability to compete effectively in our business is dependent on our ability to adapt successfully to regulatory and technological changes within the banking and financial services industry, generally. If we are unable to compete effectively, we will lose market share and our income from loans and other products may diminish. 
 
 Our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including, among other things: 
 the ability to develop, maintain, and build upon long-term client relationships based on top quality service and high ethical standards; 
 the scope, relevance, and pricing of products and services, including technological innovations to those products and services, offered to meet client needs and demands; 
 the rate at which we introduce new products and services relative to our competitors; 
 client satisfaction with our level of service; and/or 
 industry and general economic trends. 
 
 Failure to perform in any of these areas could significantly weaken our competitive position, and could adversely affect our growth and profitability, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Technology is continually changing and we must effectively implement new innovations in providing services to our customers. 
 The financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological changes with frequent innovations in technology-driven products and services. In addition to better serving customers, the effective use of technology increases our efficiency and enables us to reduce costs. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers using innovative methods, processes and technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands for convenience as well as to add efficiencies in our operations as we continue to grow and expand our market areas. Many national vendors provide turn-key services to community banks, such as Internet banking and remote deposit capture, that allow smaller banks to compete with institutions that have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. We may not be able, however, to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. 
 
 Costs and levels of deposits are affected by competition that could increase our funding costs or liquidity risk. 
 We rely on bank deposits to be a low cost and stable source of funding. We compete with banks and other financial services companies for deposits. If our competitors raise the rates they pay on deposits, our funding costs may increase, either because we raise our rates to avoid losing deposits or because we lose deposits and must rely on more expensive sources of funding. Higher funding costs could reduce our net interest margin and net interest income and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Acquisition Risks 
 We have engaged in and may continue to engage in expansion through acquisitions, and these acquisitions present a number of risks related both to the acquisition transactions and to the integration of the acquired businesses. 
 The acquisition of other financial services companies or assets present risks to the Company in addition to those presented by the nature of the business acquired. Our earnings, financial condition, and prospects after a merger or acquisition depend in part on our ability to successfully integrate the operations of the acquired company. We may be unable to integrate operations successfully or to achieve expected results or cost savings. 
 21 

Acquiring other banks or businesses involves various risks commonly associated with acquisitions, including, among other things: 
 potential exposure to unknown or contingent liabilities of the target company; 
 exposure to potential asset quality issues of the target company; 
 difficulty and expense of integrating the operations and personnel of the target company; 
 potential disruption to our business; 
 potential diversion of our management s time and attention; 
 the possible loss of key employees and clients of the target company; 
 difficulty in estimating the value of the target company; 
 payment of a premium over book and market values that may dilute our tangible book value and earnings per share in the short- and long-term; 
 inability to realize the expected revenue increases, cost savings, increases in geographic or product presence, and/or other projected benefits; and/or 
 potential changes in banking or tax laws or regulations that may affect the target company. 
 
 We periodically evaluate merger and acquisition opportunities and conduct due diligence activities related to possible transactions with other financial institutions and financial services companies. As a result, merger or acquisition discussions and, in some cases, negotiations may take place, and future mergers or acquisitions involving cash, debt or equity securities may occur at any time. In addition to the risks noted above, potential acquisitions may incur additional costs for diligence or break-up fees, even if the transaction is not consummated. 
 
 We may be unable to successfully integrate new business lines into our existing operations. 
 From time to time, we may implement other new lines of business or offer new products or services within existing lines of business. There can be substantial risks and uncertainties associated with these efforts, particularly in instances where the markets are not fully developed. Although we continue to expend substantial managerial, operating and financial resources as our business grows, we may be unable to successfully continue the integration of new business lines, and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible. External factors such as compliance with regulations, competitive alternatives and shifting market preferences, may also impact the successful implementation of a new line of business or a new product or service. Furthermore, any new line of business and new product or service could have a significant impact on the effectiveness of our system of internal controls. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business or new products or services could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 As we expand outside our current markets, we may encounter additional risks that may adversely affect us. 
 We are headquartered in Missouri, but have branch locations in the Kansas City, Phoenix, Los Angeles, and San Diego metropolitan areas, as well as Northern New Mexico and Nevada. Over time, we may acquire or open locations in other parts of the United States as well. In the course of these expansion activities, we may encounter significant risks, including unfamiliarity with the characteristics and business dynamics of new markets, increased marketing and administrative expenses and operational difficulties arising from our efforts to attract business in new markets, manage operations in noncontiguous geographic markets, comply with local laws and regulations and effectively and consistently manage personnel and business outside of the State of Missouri. If we are unable to manage these risks, our operations may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 22 

Technology and Cybersecurity Risks 
 A failure in or breach, or the inability to recognize a potential breach of our operational or security systems, or those of our third party service providers, including as a result of cyber-attacks, could disrupt our business, result in unintentional disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, damage our reputation, increase our costs and adversely impact our earnings. 
 Information security, including cybersecurity, is a high priority for the Company. Recent highly publicized events have highlighted the importance of cybersecurity, including cyberattacks against other financial institutions, governmental agencies, and other organizations that resulted in the compromise of personal and/or confidential information, the theft or destruction of corporate information, and demands for ransom payments to release corporate information encrypted by ransomware. A successful cyberattack could harm the Bank s reputation and/or impair its ability to provide services to its clients. The Company has bolstered, and may in the future bolster, significant resources to implement technologies and various response and recovery plans and procedures as part of its information security program. Additionally, we face the risk of operational disruption, failure, termination or capacity constraints of any of the third parties that facilitate our business activities, including exchanges, clearing agents, clearing houses or other financial intermediaries. Such parties could also be the source of an attack on, or breach of, our operational systems. Any failures, interruptions or security breaches in our information systems could damage our reputation, result in a loss of client business, result in a violation of privacy or other laws, or expose us to civil litigation, regulatory fines or losses not covered by insurance. 
 
 We rely on third-party vendors to provide key components of our business infrastructure. 
 We rely heavily on third-party service providers for much of our communications, information, operating and financial control systems technology, including relationship management, mobile banking, general ledger, investment, deposit, loan servicing and loan origination systems. While we have selected these third-party vendors carefully and perform ongoing monitoring, we do not control their actions. Any problems caused by these third parties, including as a result of inadequate or interrupted service, could adversely affect our ability to deliver products and services to our clients and otherwise conduct our business. Financial or operational difficulties of a third-party vendor could also hurt our operations if those difficulties interfere with the vendor s ability to serve us, and replacing these third-party vendors could result in significant delay and expense. Accordingly, use of such third parties creates an unavoidable inherent risk to our business operations as well as reputational risk. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Common Stock and Depositary Shares 
 The price of our common stock and depositary shares may be volatile or may decline. 
 The trading price of our common stock and depositary shares may fluctuate widely as a result of a number of factors, many of which are outside our control. In addition, the stock market is subject to fluctuations in the share prices and trading volumes that affect the market prices of the shares of many companies. These broad market fluctuations could make it more difficult for you to resell your common stock or depositary shares when you want and at prices you find attractive. 
 
 Our stock price and the price of our depositary shares can fluctuate significantly in response to a variety of factors including, among other things: 
 actual or anticipated quarterly fluctuations in our operating results and financial condition; 
 changes in revenue or earnings estimates or publication of research reports and recommendations by financial analysts; 
 reputation; 
 failure to meet analysts revenue or earnings estimates; 
 speculation in the press or investment community; 
 strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings; 
 actions by institutional shareholders; 
 fluctuations in the stock prices and operating results of our competitors; 
 general market conditions and, in particular, developments related to market conditions for the financial services industry; 
 proposed or adopted regulatory changes or developments; 
 anticipated or pending investigations, proceedings or litigation that involve or affect us; and/or 
 domestic and international economic factors unrelated to our performance. 
 23 

The stock market and, in particular, the market for financial institution stocks, has historically experienced significant volatility. As a result, the market price of our common stock and depositary shares may be volatile. In addition, the trading volume in our common stock and depositary shares may fluctuate more than usual and cause significant price variations to occur. The trading price of the shares of our common stock and our depositary shares and the value of our other securities will depend on many factors, which may change from time to time, including, without limitation, our financial condition, performance, creditworthiness and prospects, future sales of our equity or equity related securities, and other factors identified in this annual report and other reports by the Company. In some cases, the markets have produced downward pressure on stock prices and credit availability for certain issuers without regard to those issuers underlying financial strength or operating results. A significant decline in our stock or depositary share prices could result in substantial losses for individual shareholders and could lead to costly and disruptive securities litigation. 
 
 The trading volume in our common stock and depositary shares is less than that of other larger financial institutions. 
 Although our common stock and depositary shares are listed for trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, trading volume may be less than that of other, larger financial services companies. A public trading market having the desired characteristics of depth, liquidity and orderliness depends on the presence in the marketplace of willing buyers and sellers of our common stock or depositary shares at any given time, a factor over which we have no control. During any period of lower trading volume of our common stock or depositary shares, significant sales of shares of our common stock or depositary shares or the expectation of these sales could cause our common stock or depositary shares price to fall. 
 
 An investment in our common stock or depositary shares is not insured and you could lose the value of your entire investment. 
 An investment in our common stock or depositary shares is not a savings account, deposit or other obligation of our bank subsidiary, any non-bank subsidiary or any other bank, and such investment is not insured or guaranteed by the FDIC or any other governmental agency. As a result, if you acquire our common stock or depositary shares, you may lose some or all of your investment. 
 
 Our ability to pay dividends is limited by various statutes and regulations and depends primarily on the Bank s ability to distribute funds to us and is also limited by various statutes and regulations. 
 The Company depends on payments from the Bank, including dividends, management fees and payments under tax sharing agreements, for substantially all of the Company s liquidity requirements. Federal and state regulations limit the amount of dividends and the amount of payments the Bank may make to the Company under tax sharing agreements. In certain circumstances, the Missouri Division of Finance, FDIC, or Federal Reserve Board could restrict or prohibit the Bank from distributing dividends or making other payments to us. In the event the Bank was restricted from paying dividends to the Company or making payments under the tax sharing agreement, the Company may not be able to service its debt, pay its other obligations or pay dividends on its common stock or preferred stock. If we are unable or determine not to pay dividends on our outstanding equity securities, the market price of such securities could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 There can be no assurance of any future dividends on our common stock or our outstanding preferred stock. 
 Holders of our common stock and depositary shares are entitled to receive dividends only when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors. Although we have historically paid cash dividends, we are not required to do so. 
 
 Our outstanding preferred stock and debt securities, including debt securities related to our trust preferred securities, restrict our ability to pay dividends on our capital stock. 
 We have outstanding preferred stock and subordinated debentures issued to statutory trust subsidiaries, which have issued and sold preferred securities in the Trusts to investors. These instruments prohibit the payment of dividends on our common stock in certain situations. See Item 1. Business Supervision and Regulation - Financial Holding Company - Dividend Restrictions and Share Repurchases for additional information. 
 
 24 

Moreover, any other financing agreements that we enter into in the future may limit our ability to pay cash dividends on our capital stock, including the common stock. In the event that our existing or future financing agreements restrict our ability to pay dividends in cash on the common stock, we may be unable to pay dividends in cash on the common stock unless we can refinance amounts outstanding under those agreements. In addition, if we are unable or determine not to pay interest on our preferred stock or subordinated debentures, the market price of our common stock could be materially or adversely affected. 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions could negatively impact our shareholders. 
 Provisions of Delaware law and of our certificate of incorporation, as amended, and bylaws, as well as various provisions of federal and Missouri state law applicable to bank and bank holding companies, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us or have the effect of discouraging a third party from attempting to acquire control of us. We are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which would make it more difficult for another party to acquire us without the approval of our Board of Directors. Additionally, our certificate of incorporation, as amended, authorizes our Board of Directors to issue preferred stock which could be issued as a defensive measure in response to a takeover proposal. In the event of a proposed merger, tender offer or other attempt to gain control of the Company, our Board of Directors would have the ability to readily issue available shares of preferred stock as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company. Such issuance could occur regardless of whether our shareholders favorably view the merger, tender offer or other attempt to gain control of the Company. These and other provisions could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us even if an acquisition might be in the best interests of our shareholders. Although we have no present intention to issue any additional shares of our authorized preferred stock, there can be no assurance that the Company will not do so in the future. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 The global coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic may continue to lead to periods of significant volatility in financial, commodities and other markets and could harm our business and results of operations. 
 Given the ongoing and dynamic nature of the COVID-19 pandemic, it is difficult to predict the impact of the pandemic on our business, and there is no guarantee that our efforts to address or mitigate the adverse impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic will be effective in the future. 
 
 We do not yet know the full extent of the COVID-19 pandemic s effect on our business, operations, or the global economy as a whole. Any future development will be highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including continued rise in inflation or interest rates, labor shortages or supply chain disruptions. The full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, growth strategy, cash flows as well as our regulatory capital and liquidity ratios, and will depend on highly uncertain and unpredictable future developments, including: 
 The duration, extent, and severity of the pandemic. A spread of COVID-19 and the rise of new variants could cause severe disruptions in the U.S. economy, to our clients business or their willingness to conduct banking and other financial transactions. We may continue to see the economic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic that could affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 The ongoing effect on our customers, counterparties, employees and third-party providers. The COVID-19 pandemic and its associated consequences and uncertainties are affecting individuals, households, and businesses differently and unevenly. Negative impacts to our customers could result in increased risk of delinquencies, defaults, foreclosures and losses on our loans, and their willingness and ability to conduct banking and other financial transactions. 
 The effect on economies and markets. The continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic may also negatively impact regional economic conditions for a period of time, resulting in declines in local loan demand, liquidity of loan guarantors, loan collateral (particularly in real estate), loan originations and deposit availability, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, actions by U.S. federal, state and local governments to address the pandemic could had a significant adverse effect on the markets in which we conduct our business. 
 
 Climate change may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 25 

Political and social attention to the issue of climate change has increased. Federal and state legislatures and regulatory agencies continue to propose and advance numerous legislative and regulatory initiatives seeking to mitigate the effects of climate change. As a financial institution, it is unclear how future government regulations and shifts in business trends resulting from increased concern about climate change will affect our operations; however, natural or man-made disasters and severe weather events may cause operational disruptions and damage to both our properties and properties securing our loans. Losses resulting from these disasters and severe weather events may make it more difficult for borrowers to timely repay their loans. If these events occur, we may experience a decrease in the value of our loan portfolio and our revenue, and may incur additional operational expenses, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 With the increased importance and focus on climate change, we are making efforts to enhance our governance of climate change-related risks and integrate climate considerations into our risk governance framework. Nonetheless, the risks associated with climate change are rapidly changing and evolving in an escalating fashion, making them difficult to assess due to limited data and other uncertainties. We could experience increased expenses resulting from strategic planning, litigation, and technology and market changes, and reputational harm as a result of negative public sentiment, regulatory scrutiny, and reduced investor and stakeholder confidence due to our response to climate change and our climate change strategy, which, in turn, could have a material negative impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 26 

ITEM 1B: UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 2: PROPERTIES 
 
 Our executive offices are located at 150 North Meramec Avenue, Clayton, Missouri, 63105. As of December 31, 2022, we utilized banking locations and administrative offices throughout our market areas of Arizona, California, Kansas, Missouri, Nevada, and New Mexico. Additionally, the Company has a limited network of SBA loan production offices and deposit production offices in various states. We own or lease our facilities and believe all of our properties are in good condition to meet our business needs. 

ITEM 3: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 The Company and its subsidiaries are, from time to time, parties to various legal proceedings arising out of their businesses. Management believes there are no such legal proceedings pending or threatened against the Company or its subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business, directly, indirectly, or in the aggregate that, if determined adversely, would have a material adverse effect on the business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 
 
 For more information on our legal proceedings, see Item 8. Note 13 Litigation and Other Contingencies in this report. 

ITEM 4: MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5: MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Market for Our Common Stock 
 The Company s common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol EFSC. As of February 22, 2023, the Company had 1,725 registered shareholders of common stock. The number of holders of record does not represent the actual number of beneficial owners of our common stock because securities dealers and others frequently hold shares in street name for the benefit of individual owners who have the right to vote shares. 
 
 Dividends 
 The Company paid quarterly cash dividends on common shares in 2022 and 2021 and anticipates continuing to pay comparable dividends. Total dividends paid on common shares were 0.90 in 2022 and 0.75 in 2021. However, we have no obligation to pay dividends and we may change our dividend policy at any time without notice to our shareholders. 
 
 Our ability to pay dividends is substantially dependent upon the ability of our subsidiaries to pay cash dividends to us. Information on regulatory restrictions on our ability to pay dividends is set forth in Part I, Item 1. Business - Supervision and Regulation - Financial Holding Company - Dividend Restrictions and Share Repurchases. The amount of dividends, if any, that may be declared by the Company also depends on many other factors, including future earnings, bank regulatory capital requirements and business conditions as they affect the Company and its subsidiaries. As a result, no assurance can be given that dividends will be paid in the future with respect to our common stock. 
 
 27 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 None. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 None. 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return on the Company s common stock from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022. The graph compares the Company s common stock with the Nasdaq Composite Index (U.S. companies) and the S P Regional Banks Select Industry Index. 
 
 The graph assumes an investment of 100.00 in the Company s common stock and each index at the respective closing price on December 31, 2017 and reinvestment of all quarterly dividends. The investment is measured as of each subsequent fiscal year end. There is no assurance the Company s common stock performance will continue in the future with the same or similar results as shown in the graph. 
 
 Period Ending December 31, Index 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Enterprise Financial Services Corp 100.00 84.14 109.38 81.22 111.19 117.88 Nasdaq Composite Index 100.00 97.16 132.81 192.47 235.15 158.65 S P Regional Banks Select Industry Index 100.00 81.23 103.68 96.33 134.76 114.88 
 
 Source: S P Global Market Intelligence. Used with permission. All rights reserved. 
 
 28 

ITEM 6: [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7: MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Introduction 
 The objective of this section is to provide an overview of the results of operations and financial condition of the Company by focusing on changes in certain key measures from year to year. It should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, and other financial data presented elsewhere in this report, particularly the information regarding the Company s business operations described in Item 1. A detailed discussion comparing 2021 and 2020 results is incorporated herein by reference to Item 7 of the Company s 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2022. 

Executive Summary 
 Our Company offers a broad range of business and personal banking services including wealth management services. Lending services include commercial and industrial, commercial real estate, real estate construction and development, residential real estate, specialty, and other loans. A wide variety of deposit products and a complete suite of treasury management and international trade services complement our lending capabilities. Tax-credit brokerage activities consist of the acquisition of Federal and State tax credits and the sale of these tax credits. The Company s results of operations are also affected by prevailing economic conditions, competition, government policies and other actions of regulatory agencies. 
 
 The Company s financial condition, operating results and liquidity in 2022 were impacted by the monetary policy actions enacted to address rising inflation. In 2022, the Federal Reserve increased interest rates seven times for a total increase of 425 basis points to the Federal Funds Target Interest Rate during the year, while also changing its accommodative monetary policy through a reduction of Treasuries and agency mortgage-backed securities held on its balance sheet. This follows a period of highly expansionary fiscal support from the federal government during the start of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020-2021. 

29 

Financial Performance Highlights 
 Below are highlights of our financial performance for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 in thousands, except per share data) Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 EARNINGS Total interest income 515,082 383,230 304,779 Total interest expense 41,179 23,036 34,778 Net interest income 473,903 360,194 270,001 Provision (benefit) for credit losses (611) 13,385 65,398 Net interest income after provision (benefit) for credit losses 474,514 346,809 204,603 Total noninterest income 59,162 67,743 54,503 Total noninterest expense 274,216 245,919 167,159 Income before income tax expense 259,460 168,633 91,947 Income tax expense 56,417 35,578 17,563 Net income 203,043 133,055 74,384 Preferred dividends 4,041 Net income available to common shareholders 199,002 133,055 74,384 Basic earnings per share 5.32 3.86 2.76 Diluted earnings per share 5.31 3.86 2.76 Return on average assets 1.52 1.16 0.90 Return on average common equity 13.95 10.49 8.24 Return on average tangible common equity 1 
 19.10 14.18 11.23 Net interest margin (fully tax equivalent) 3.89 3.41 3.56 Efficiency ratio 51.44 57.47 51.51 Core efficiency ratio 1 
 49.77 49.68 48.70 Dividend payout ratio 16.89 19.66 26.61 Book value per common share 38.93 38.53 34.57 Tangible book value per common share 1 
 28.67 28.28 25.48 Average common equity to average assets 11.25 11.14 10.94 Tangible common equity to tangible assets 1 
 8.43 8.13 8.40 At or for the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 ASSET QUALITY Net charge-offs 3,899 11,629 1,907 Nonperforming loans 9,981 28,024 38,507 Classified assets 99,122 100,797 123,808 Classified assets to total assets 0.76 0.74 1.27 Nonperforming loans to total loans 0.10 0.31 0.53 Nonperforming assets to total assets 0.08 0.23 0.45 Allowance for credit losses to total loans 1.41 1.61 1.89 Net charge-offs to average loans 0.04 0.14 0.03 
 1 Non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation has been included in this MD A section under the caption Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 

30 

The Company noted the following trends during 2022: 
 
 The Company reported net income of 203.0 million, or 5.31 per diluted share for 2022, compared to 133.1 million, or 3.86 per diluted share for 2021. In addition to organic growth, contributing to the increase in net income was a full year of First Choice operations and an increase in market interest rates. Net income in 2022 also benefited from a reduction in the provision for credit losses of 14.0 million and a 25.5 million reduction in merger-related and branch-closure expenses, compared to 2021. Acquisition related provision for credit losses of 25.4 million were included in the provision for credit losses in 2021. This expense, commonly referred to as the CECL double-count , is recognized when a loan portfolio is acquired. Excluding the CECL double-count, the benefit for credit losses decreased in 2022 primarily due to loan growth and the forward-looking CECL methodology and the worsening outlook for forecasted economic factors compared to 2021. 
 
 Preferred stock dividends of 4.0 million were declared and paid on the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 Net interest income for 2022 totaled 473.9 million , an increase of 113.7 million, or 32 , compared to 360.2 million for 2021. Organic loan growth, higher average loan balances from the First Choice acquisition, and an increase in market interest rates increased net interest income. These increases were partially offset by a decline in PPP interest and fee income as the program wound down. PPP income totaled 5.0 million and 27.3 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The net interest margin increased 48 basis points to 3.89 during 2022, compared to 3.41 in 2021. The increase was primarily due to the 4.97 loan yield in 2022, which increased 64 basis points, from 4.33 in 2021. 
 
 Noninterest income decreased 8.5 million, or 13 , to 59.2 million in 2022 compared to 67.7 million in 2021. While the increase in interest rates benefited net interest income, higher interest rates resulted in lower mortgage banking and tax credit income. The Company also became subject to the Durbin Amendment limitation on interchange income in 2022, which reduced card services revenue by approximately 2.0 million. 
 
 Noninterest expenses totaled 274.2 million for 2022, an increase of 28.3 million, or 12 , compared to 2021. A full year of First Choice expenses, higher compensation from merit increases and an expanded associate base, and higher deposit servicing costs were the primary drivers of the increase in noninterest expense. Offsetting these increases were declines in nonrecurring expenses of 22.1 million in merger expenses and 3.4 million in branch-closure expenses recognized in 2021. The Company s core efficiency ratio 1 was stable at 49.8 in 2022, compared to 49.7 for the prior year. 
 
 The Company s effective tax rate was 21.7 in 2022 compared to 21.1 in 2021. 
 1 Non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation has been included in this MD A section under the caption Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 
 2022 Significant Transactions 
 During 2022, we announced the following significant transactions: 
 
 The Company repurchased 700,473 of its common shares at a weighted-average share price of 47.00. 
 
 Dividends paid in 2022 of 0.90 per share increased 0.15 per share, or 20 , compared to 0.75 per share in 2021. 
 
 Retired 1,980,093 shares of treasury stock. 
 31 

2021 Significant Transactions 
 During 2021, we announced the following significant transactions: 
 
 On July 21, 2021, the Company announced the completion of its acquisition of First Choice, a commercial bank based in Los Angeles, CA, with 2.3 billion in assets. The overall transaction had a value of 346 million. 
 
 Continued supporting customers through PPP, lending an additional 341 million of PPP loans. 
 
 The Company announced the closing of five branch locations in California and St. Louis. A lease and fixed asset impairment charge of 3.8 million was recognized, including 0.4 million reported in merger-related expenses. 
 
 The Company redeemed 50.0 million of 4.75 fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes. 
 
 The Company issued and sold 3,000,000 depositary shares, each representing 1/40th interest in a share of 5 noncumulative, perpetual preferred stock totaling 72.0 million, net of issuance costs. 
 
 The Company repurchased 1,299,527 of its common shares at a weighted-average share price of 46.62. 
 
 Dividends paid in 2021 of 0.75 per share increased 0.03 per share, or 4 , compared to 0.72 per share in 2020. 

32 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Net Interest Income 
 Average Balance Sheet 
 The following table presents, for the periods indicated, certain information related to our average interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, as well as, the corresponding interest rates earned and paid, all on a tax equivalent basis. Average balances are presented on a daily average basis. 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 in thousands) Average Balance Interest Income/Expense Average Yield/ Rate Average Balance Interest Income/Expense Average Yield/ Rate Average Balance Interest Income/Expense Average Yield/ Rate Assets Interest-earning assets: Loans 1, 2 
 9,193,682 456,703 4.97 8,055,873 349,112 4.33 6,071,496 270,673 4.46 Taxable securities 1,228,514 29,638 2.41 908,189 19,305 2.13 1,016,100 25,524 2.51 Non-taxable securities 2 
 872,173 25,184 2.89 659,804 18,468 2.80 350,501 11,151 3.18 Total securities 2,100,687 54,822 2.61 1,567,993 37,773 2.41 1,366,601 36,675 2.68 Interest-earning deposits 1,074,165 10,599 0.99 1,084,853 1,496 0.14 228,760 620 0.27 Total interest-earning assets 12,368,534 522,124 4.22 10,708,719 388,381 3.63 7,666,857 307,968 4.02 Noninterest-earning assets 951,090 758,591 587,057 Total assets 13,319,624 11,467,310 8,253,914 Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing demand accounts 2,318,363 7,038 0.30 2,122,752 1,614 0.08 1,494,364 2,101 0.14 Money market accounts 2,781,579 19,306 0.69 2,557,836 4,669 0.18 1,977,826 7,754 0.39 Savings accounts 819,043 305 0.04 724,768 225 0.03 589,832 279 0.05 Certificates of deposit 569,272 3,509 0.62 570,496 4,160 0.73 676,889 10,915 1.61 Total interest-bearing deposits 6,488,257 30,158 0.46 5,975,852 10,668 0.18 4,738,911 21,049 0.44 Subordinated debentures and notes 155,160 9,166 5.91 195,686 10,960 5.60 179,534 9,885 5.51 FHLB advances 33,467 599 1.79 59,945 803 1.34 241,635 2,673 1.11 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 211,039 506 0.24 225,894 235 0.10 206,338 542 0.26 Other borrowings 22,812 750 3.29 26,428 370 1.40 32,147 629 1.96 Total interest-bearing liabilities 6,910,735 41,179 0.60 6,483,805 23,036 0.36 5,398,565 34,778 0.64 Noninterest bearing liabilities: Demand deposits 4,805,549 3,597,204 1,854,982 Other liabilities 104,581 109,148 97,492 Total liabilities 11,820,865 10,190,157 7,351,039 Shareholders' equity 1,498,759 1,277,153 902,875 Total liabilities shareholders' equity 13,319,624 11,467,310 8,253,914 Net interest income 480,945 365,345 273,190 Net interest spread 3.62 3.27 3.38 Net interest margin (tax equivalent) 3.89 3.41 3.56 
 1 Average balances include non-accrual loans. Interest income includes net loan fees of 16.7 million, 28.4 million, and 18.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. Loan fees in 2022 and 2021 included PPP fees of 4.1 million and 21.7 million, respectively. 
 
 2 Non-taxable income is presented on a fully tax-equivalent basis using a 25.2 tax rate in each of 2022 and 2021 and a 24.7 tax rate in 2020. The tax-equivalent adjustments were 7.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, 5.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, and 3.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

33 

Rate/Volume 
 The following table sets forth, on a tax-equivalent basis for the periods indicated, a summary of the changes in interest income and interest expense resulting from changes in yield/rates and volume. 
 2022 compared to 2021 2021 compared to 2020 Increase (decrease) due to Increase (decrease) due to in thousands) Volume 1 
 Rate 2 
 Net Volume 1 
 Rate 2 
 Net Interest earned on: Loans 52,238 55,353 107,591 86,183 (7,744) 78,439 Taxable securities 7,474 2,859 10,333 (2,541) (3,678) (6,219) Non-taxable securities 3 
 6,115 601 6,716 8,799 (1,482) 7,317 Interest-earning deposits (15) 9,118 9,103 1,313 (437) 876 Total interest-earning assets 65,812 67,931 133,743 93,754 (13,341) 80,413 Interest paid on: Interest-bearing demand accounts 162 5,262 5,424 689 (1,176) (487) Money market accounts 443 14,194 14,637 1,844 (4,929) (3,085) Savings 31 49 80 55 (109) (54) Certificates of deposit (9) (642) (651) (1,506) (5,249) (6,755) Subordinated debentures and notes (2,368) 574 (1,794) 902 173 1,075 FHLB advances (423) 219 (204) (2,341) 471 (1,870) Securities sold under agreements to repurchase (16) 287 271 47 (354) (307) Other borrowed funds (57) 437 380 (100) (159) (259) Total interest-bearing liabilities (2,237) 20,380 18,143 (410) (11,332) (11,742) Net interest income 68,049 47,551 115,600 94,164 (2,009) 92,155 1 Change in volume multiplied by yield/rate of prior period. 
 2 Change in yield/rate multiplied by volume of prior period. 
 3 Nontaxable income is presented on a fully tax equivalent basis using a tax rate of 25.2 and 24.7 for 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 NOTE: The change in interest due to both rate and volume has been allocated to rate and volume changes in proportion to the relationship of the absolute dollar amounts of the change in each. 
 
 Net interest income (on a tax equivalent basis) was 480.9 million for 2022, compared to 365.3 million for 2021, an increase of 115.6 million, or 32 . Total interest income increased 133.7 million and total interest expense increased 18.1 million. The increase in net interest income in 2022 was primarily due to a higher average yield on interest earning assets and higher loan volumes that benefited from the First Choice acquisition. These increases were offset by a decline in PPP loan income and an increase in the average cost paid on interest bearing liabilities. 
 
 Loans issued through the PPP bear interest at 1 and have either a two or five year maturity. The Company also received fees for the issuance of PPP loans that varied based on the size of the loan. Interest income and loan fees included in net interest income from the PPP program totaled 5.0 million and 27.3 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the Company had 7.3 million in PPP loans and 0.1 million in deferred fees, compared to 272.0 million in loans and 4.2 million in fees at the end of 2021. 
 
 The tax-equivalent net interest margin was 3.89 for 2022, compared to 3.41 for 2021. The primary driver of the increase in net interest margin from 2021 to 2022 was an increase market interest rates. In 2022, the Federal Reserve significantly increased interest rates for the first time since 2018. The federal funds target rate increased 425 basis points in 2022. The increase in short-term rates increased the yield on the Company s variable-rate loan portfolio, as well as the yield earned on new loan production. As of December 31, 2022, variable-rate loans comprised approximately 63 of total loans. The increase in market interest rates also increased the cost on interest bearing liabilities, although at a slower rate than the increase on the earning asset yield. The earning asset yield 
 34 

increased 59 basis points to 4.22 in 2022, compared to 3.63 in 2021. Comparatively, the cost of interest bearing liabilities increased 24 basis points to 0.60 , from 0.36 in 2021. 
 
 Average interest-earning assets increased 1.7 billion, or 15 , to 12.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was due to growth in average earning assets due to the inclusion of a full year of First Choice operations, organic growth in the loan portfolio and a deployment of excess liquidity into the investment portfolio. Average securities represented 17 of earnings assets in 2022 and 15 in 2021. Average interest-earning deposits decreased from 10 to 9 of earning assets, due to the increase in securities. Volume growth of the balance sheet drove an increase in interest income on earning assets of 65.8 million, while the increase in interest rates drove interest income on interest-earnings assets up by 67.9 million in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 
 Average interest-bearing liabilities increased 426.9 million, or 7 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase resulted from 512.4 million of growth in interest-bearing deposits, primarily in money market and interest bearing demand deposit accounts due to organic growth and the First Choice acquisition. Average debt and wholesale borrowings declined 85.5 million in 2022 from 2021, due to the redemption of 50.0 million in subordinated debentures at 4.75 in the fourth quarter 2021 and a decreased need for wholesale borrowings due to the growth in average deposits. The total cost of interest-bearing liabilities increased 24 basis points, from 0.36 in 2021 to 0.60 in 2022. The shift in the mix of interest-bearing liabilities reduced interest expense in 2022 by 2.2 million, while the increase in the average cost of interest bearing liabilities increased interest expense 20.4 million in 2022. 

Noninterest Income 
 The following table presents a comparative summary of the major components of noninterest income for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022: 
 Year ended December 31, Change from in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Service charges on deposit accounts 18,326 15,428 11,717 2,898 3,711 Wealth management revenue 10,010 10,259 9,732 (249) 527 Card services revenue 11,551 11,880 9,481 (329) 2,399 Tax credit income 2,558 8,028 6,611 (5,470) 1,417 Miscellaneous income 16,717 22,148 16,962 (5,431) 5,186 Total noninterest income 59,162 67,743 54,503 (8,581) 13,240 
 
 Noninterest income decreased 8.6 million, or 13 , in 2022 compared to 2021. This decrease was primarily due to a 5.5 million decrease in tax credit income and a 5.4 million decrease in miscellaneous income. Rising interest rates reduced tax credit income due to the impact on tax credit projects carried at fair value. The rise in interest rates increased the discount rate used in the fair value of these projects, resulting in a lower fair value. The 5.4 million decline in miscellaneous income was primarily due to a 2.6 million decrease in mortgage banking income and a 2.6 million decrease in private equity distributions. The rise in market interest rates in 2022 reduced demand for 1-4 family mortgages, which led to the decline in mortgage banking income. Private equity distributions are not a consistent source of income and fluctuates based on distributions from the underlying funds. Included within miscellaneous income was a 1.0 million increase in swap fee income in 2022 from customer hedging transactions, that was offset by a 1.0 million decrease in gains on the sale of other real estate. 
 
 Card services revenue declined 0.3 million in 2022. Included in this decrease was a decline of 2.1 million in debit card interchange income, partially offset by a 1.8 million increase in credit card fees. The Durbin Amendment limits the amount of interchange income banks can earn on debit card transactions after total assets exceed 10 billion. This limitation went into effect for the Company at the beginning of the third quarter of 2022 and was the primary driver of the reduction in debit card revenue. 
 
 The decreases in noninterest income described above were partially offset by a 2.9 million increase in service charges on deposit accounts. This increase was due to deposit growth and the number of accounts using the Company s treasury management products and was also partially attributed to a full year of First Choice deposit service revenue. 
 35 

Noninterest Expense 
 The following table presents a comparative summary of the components of noninterest expense: 
 Year ended December 31, Change from in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Employee compensation and benefits 147,029 124,904 92,288 22,125 32,616 Occupancy 17,640 16,286 13,457 1,354 2,829 Data processing 13,513 12,242 9,050 1,271 3,192 Professional fees 7,079 4,289 3,940 2,790 349 Branch-closure expenses 3,441 (3,441) 3,441 Merger-related expenses 22,082 4,174 (22,082) 17,908 Deposit costs 31,082 14,211 1,246 16,871 12,965 Other expenses 57,873 48,464 43,004 9,409 5,460 Total noninterest expense 274,216 245,919 167,159 28,297 78,760 Efficiency ratio 51.44 57.47 51.51 (6.03) 5.96 Core efficiency ratio 1 
 49.77 49.68 48.70 0.09 0.98 1 A non-GAAP measure. A reconciliation has been included in this MD A section under the caption Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 

Noninterest expense increased 28.3 million, or 12 , in 2022 compared to 2021. The increase was attributed primarily to a 22.1 million increase in compensation and benefits, a 16.9 million increase in deposit costs and a 9.4 million increase in other expenses. The increase in compensation and benefits was due to annual merit increases and an increase in full time equivalent employees, higher share-based compensation from higher award levels and higher performance based vesting due to the Company s financial performance, and a full year of First Choice operations. First Choice operations added 11.2 million in additional noninterest expense in 2022 over 2021. 
 
 For certain deposit accounts in the Company s specialized deposit portfolio, clients receive an earnings credit rate on average collected balances that may be used to offset expenses associated with the client s activities for managing the accounts. These expenses are reflected in noninterest expense. The increase in deposit costs in 2022 is due to organic growth in specialized deposits and an increase in market interest rates that impacts competitive conditions that those clients can garner in the market. 
 
 The increase in other expense of 9.4 million was attributed primarily to a 3.1 million increase in business development, a 2.0 million increase in the amortization of tax credit investments, a 1.4 million increase in SBA repair and denial reserves, a 1.0 million increase in credit/debit card transaction processing expenses, and a 1.0 million increase in FDIC assessment insurance. The increase in business development is primarily due to increased activity as the economy has reopened since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic. The increase in amortization of tax credit investments is primarily due to new investments in new market tax credits that are amortized in noninterest expense, while the tax benefit is recognized in tax expense. The increase in credit/debit card transaction processing is due to higher volumes of activity and the increase in FDIC assessment insurance is due to the increase in the overall balance sheet of the Company. 
 
 Partially offsetting the increases described above were decreases of 22.1 million in merger related expenses on the First Choice acquisition and a 3.4 million decrease in branch-closure expenses from a branch rationalization project that was finalized in 2021. 
 
 The Company expects to continue to invest in its associates and other infrastructure that supports growth. In addition, low unemployment, inflationary pressures and a shift in employee work arrangements to a virtual/hybrid model are expected to continue to have an impact on future operating expenses. 
 36 

Income Taxes 
 The Company s blended federal and state tax rate was approximately 25.2 at the end of both 2022 and 2021. The effective tax rate, which is adjusted for permanent differences, such as tax exempt income, was 21.7 in 2022 compared to 21.1 in 2021. The increase was primarily due to higher pretax income in 2022 and an increase in state taxable income due to the Company s expanded geographic footprint. See Item 8. Note 16 Income Taxes for additional information. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 
 Summary Balance Sheet 
 in thousands) December 31, Increase (Decrease) 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Total cash and cash equivalents 291,359 2,021,689 537,703 (85.59) 275.99 Securities 2,245,722 1,795,687 1,400,039 25.06 28.26 Total loans 9,737,138 9,017,642 7,224,935 7.98 24.81 Total assets 13,054,172 13,537,358 9,751,571 (3.57) 38.82 Deposits 10,829,150 11,343,799 7,985,389 (4.54) 42.06 Total liabilities 11,531,909 12,008,242 8,672,596 (3.97) 38.46 Total shareholders equity 1,522,263 1,529,116 1,078,975 (0.45) 41.72 
 
 Assets 
 Loans by Type 
 The Company has a diversified loan portfolio, with no particular concentration of credit in any one economic sector; however, a substantial portion of the portfolio, including the C I category, is secured by real estate. The ability of the Company s borrowers to honor their contractual obligations is partially dependent upon the local economy and its effect on the real estate market. 

The following table sets forth the composition of the loan portfolio by type of loans: 
 December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 Commercial and industrial 3,859,882 3,392,375 Commercial real estate - investor owned 2,357,820 2,141,143 Commercial real estate - owner occupied 2,270,551 2,035,785 Construction and land development 611,565 734,073 Residential real estate 395,537 454,052 Other 241,783 260,214 Total loans 9,737,138 9,017,642 December 31, 2022 2021 Commercial and industrial 39.6 37.6 Commercial real estate - investor owned 24.2 23.8 Commercial real estate - owner occupied 23.3 22.6 Construction and land development 6.3 8.1 Residential real estate 4.1 5.0 Other 2.5 2.9 Total loans 100.0 100.0 
 
 37 

C I loans are made based on the borrower s ability to generate cash flows for repayment from income sources, general credit strength, experience, and character, even though such loans may also be secured by real estate or other assets. The credit risk related to commercial loans is largely influenced by general economic conditions and the resulting impact on a borrower s operations. PPP loans of 7.3 million and 272.0 million were included in C I loans in the tables above at the end of 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Company continues to focus on originating high-quality C I relationships as they typically have variable interest rates and allow for cross selling opportunities involving other banking products. C I loan growth also supports our efforts to maintain the Company s asset-sensitive interest rate risk position. Additionally, our specialized products, especially sponsor finance, life insurance premium financing, and tax credit lending, consist of primarily C I loans, and have contributed significantly to the Company s C I loan growth. These loans are sourced through relationships developed with wealth and estate planning firms, private equity funds and tax credit specialists and are not bound geographically by our markets. As a result, these specialized loan products offer opportunities to expand and diversify our overall geographic concentration by entering into new markets. 
 
 Real estate loans place an emphasis on the estimated cash flows from the operation of the property and/or the underlying collateral value. 
 
 Our commercial real estate loans, including investor-owned and owner-occupied categories, primarily represent commercial property loans on which the primary source of repayment is income from the property. These loans are principally underwritten based on the cash flow coverage of the property, the Company s loan to value guidelines, and generally require either the limited or full guaranty of principal sponsors of the credit. Commercial real estate loans also represent owner-occupied C I loans for which the primary source of repayment is dependent on sources other than the underlying collateral. 
 
 Construction and land development loans relating primarily to residential and commercial properties, represent financing secured by real estate under development for eventual sale or undeveloped ground. At December 31, 2022, 351.9 million of these loans include the use of interest reserves and follow standard underwriting guidelines. Construction projects are monitored by the loan officer and a centralized independent loan disbursement function. 
 
 Residential real estate loans include residential mortgages, which are loans that, due to size or other attributes, do not qualify for conventional home mortgages available-for-sale in the secondary market, second mortgages, home equity lines and conventional mortgages that are part of a broad banking relationship with the Company. Residential mortgage loans are usually limited to a maximum of 80 of collateral value at origination. 
 
 Other loans represent loans to individuals, loans to state and political subdivisions, loans to nondepository financial institutions, and loans to purchase or are fully secured by investment securities. Credit risk is managed by thoroughly reviewing the creditworthiness of the borrowers prior to origination and thereafter. 
 
 38 

The following table presents a breakdown of loans by NAICS code at the periods indicated: 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 in thousands) Outstanding Balance Outstanding Balance Accommodation and Food Services 880,870 9 785,485 9 Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services 200,586 2 176,601 2 Agriculture, Forestry, Fishing and Hunting 1 
 200,144 2 195,342 2 Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation 105,851 1 120,805 1 Construction 555,343 6 580,731 6 Educational Services 51,083 52,034 1 Finance and Insurance 1,622,712 17 1,344,389 15 Health Care and Social Assistance 455,839 5 372,109 4 Information 100,004 1 64,686 1 Management of Companies and Enterprises 78,548 1 84,110 1 Manufacturing 694,483 7 613,725 7 Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction 8,106 9,771 Other Services (except Public Administration) 536,112 6 593,149 7 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services 304,027 3 329,009 4 Public Administration 9,111 11,358 Real Estate and Rental and Leasing 2,534,275 26 2,462,088 27 Retail Trade 517,659 5 460,763 5 Transportation and Warehousing 257,384 3 214,132 2 Utilities 34,079 25,393 Wholesale Trade 491,218 5 445,771 5 Other 99,704 1 76,191 1 Total Loans 9,737,138 100 9,017,642 100 1 Includes 94.0 million and 95.5 million in animal production at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively and 95.6 million and 92.1 million in crop production at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

The following table presents a breakdown of commercial industrial loans by size at the periods indicated: 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 in thousands) Number of Loans Outstanding Balance Average Balance Number of Loans Outstanding Balance Average Balance 10 million 76 1,233,990 16,237 60 927,454 15,458 Total 2,630 3,859,882 1,468 3,767 3,392,375 901 
 
 39 

The following table presents a breakdown of commercial real estate loans by size at the periods indicated: 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 in thousands) Number of Loans Outstanding Balance Average Balance Number of Loans Outstanding Balance Average Balance 10 million 50 755,042 15,101 34 525,143 15,445 Total 3,741 4,628,371 1,237 3,807 4,176,928 1,097 
 
 The following table presents a breakdown of construction loans by size at the periods indicated: 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 in thousands) Number of Loans Outstanding Balance Average Balance Number of Loans Outstanding Balance Average Balance 10 million 13 178,995 13,769 8 114,907 14,363 Total 487 611,565 1,256 640 734,073 1,147 
 
 The following table presents a breakdown of residential loans by size at the periods indicated: 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 in thousands) Number of Loans Outstanding Balance Average Balance Number of Loans Outstanding Balance Average Balance 10 million 1 12,143 12,143 Total 2,277 395,537 174 2,493 454,052 182 
 
 The following table presents a breakdown of other loans by size at the periods indicated: 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 in thousands) Number of Loans Outstanding Balance Average Balance Number of Loans Outstanding Balance Average Balance 10 million 3 39,293 13,098 2 20,983 10,491 Total 1,289 241,783 188 1,440 260,214 181 
 
 40 

The following table presents a breakdown of total loans by geographic region at the periods indicated: 
 
 December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Midwest 3,214,305 2,939,092 Southwest 1,242,125 1,084,343 West 1,654,899 1,656,511 Specialty, PPP and Other loans 3,625,809 3,337,696 Total 9,737,138 9,017,642 
 Loan guarantees, primarily on SBA 7(a) loans, totaled 960.3 million and 1.2 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The following table provides additional information on select specialty lending detail, at the periods indicated: 
 December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Change C I 1,904,654 1,478,689 425,965 28.8 CRE investor owned 2,176,424 1,955,087 221,337 11.3 CRE owner occupied 1,174,094 1,112,463 61,631 5.5 SBA loans 1,312,378 1,241,449 70,929 5.7 Sponsor finance 635,061 508,469 126,592 24.9 Life insurance premium finance 817,115 653,028 164,087 25.1 Tax credits 559,605 486,881 72,724 14.9 SBA PPP loans 7,272 271,958 (264,686) (97.3) Residential real estate 379,924 430,985 (51,061) (11.8) Construction and land development 534,753 625,526 (90,773) (14.5) Other 235,858 253,107 (17,249) (6.8) Total Loans 9,737,138 9,017,642 719,496 8.0 
 
 The sponsor finance portfolio is primarily comprised of loans in the manufacturing and wholesale trade sectors. It includes mid-market company mergers and acquisitions, targeted private equity firms, principally SBICs, and senior debt financing to portfolio companies. 
 
 The life insurance premium finance category specializes in financing whole life insurance premiums utilized in high net worth estate planning, through relationships with boutique estate planners throughout the United States. 
 
 The tax credit portfolio includes tax credit-related lending on affordable housing projects funded through the use of 
 federal and state low income housing tax credits. In addition, we provide leveraged and other loans on projects funded through the CDFI New Markets Tax Credit Program. This portfolio also includes tax credit brokerage through 10-year streams of state tax credits from affordable housing development funds. The tax credits are sold to clients and other individuals for tax planning purposes. 
 
 SBA loans are originated under the SBA 7(a) program and are primarily owner-occupied, commercial real estate loans secured by a 1st lien. These loans predominantly have a 75 portion guaranteed by the SBA. 
 
 SBA PPP loans originated in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and are guaranteed by the SBA. The loans may be forgivable by the SBA if certain requirements are met. 
 41 

Significant loan concentrations are considered to exist for a financial institution when there are amounts loaned to numerous borrowers engaged in similar activities that would cause them to be similarly impacted by economic or other conditions. At December 31, 2022, no significant concentrations exceeding 10 of total loans existed in the Company s loan portfolio, except as described above. 
 
 The following table presents the maturity distribution of loans at December 31, 2022 categorized by fixed or variable interest rates, net of unearned loan fees: 
 in thousands) Due in One 
 Year or Less (1) 
 After One Through Five Years After Five Through Fifteen Years After Fifteen Years Total Percent of Total Loans Fixed Rate Loans Commercial and industrial 60,863 449,944 464,988 11,593 987,388 10 Real estate: Commercial 193,033 1,416,693 554,376 19,952 2,184,054 22 Construction and land development 41,884 73,081 4,703 3,064 122,732 1 Residential 8,901 87,614 17,159 29,740 143,414 2 Other 6,946 2,431 98,291 81,769 189,437 2 Total 311,627 2,029,763 1,139,517 146,118 3,627,025 37 Variable Rate Loans Commercial and industrial 1,093,647 1,584,018 165,260 29,569 2,872,494 30 Real estate: Commercial 155,516 487,648 412,447 1,388,706 2,444,317 25 Construction and land development 159,160 202,875 53,165 73,633 488,833 5 Residential 45,670 30,635 71,506 104,312 252,123 2 Other 7,914 16,089 28,219 124 52,346 1 Total 1,461,907 2,321,265 730,597 1,596,344 6,110,113 63 Total Loans Commercial and industrial 1,154,510 2,033,962 630,248 41,162 3,859,882 40 Real estate: Commercial 348,549 1,904,341 966,823 1,408,658 4,628,371 47 Construction and land development 201,044 275,956 57,868 76,697 611,565 6 Residential 54,571 118,249 88,665 134,052 395,537 4 Other 14,860 18,520 126,510 81,893 241,783 3 Total 1,773,534 4,351,028 1,870,114 1,742,462 9,737,138 100 
 (1) Includes loans with no stated maturity and overdraft lines of credit. 
 
 The majority of variable loans are based on the prime rate, LIBOR, or SOFR. At December 31, 2022, 3.7 billion or 60 of variable rate loans were subject to an interest rate floor. Most loan originations have one-to three-year maturities. Management monitors this mix as part of its interest rate risk management. See Interest Rate Risk of this MD A section. 
 
 42 

Provision and Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 The following table presents the components of the provision for credit losses for the periods indicated: 
 December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Benefit for loan losses (4,210) (10,911) Provision on acquired loans 23,904 Provision for off-balance sheet commitments 1 
 4,462 1,911 Provision for held-to-maturity securities 121 165 Recovery of accrued interest (984) (1,684) Provision (benefit) for credit losses (611) 13,385 
 1 2021 includes 1.5 million as part of the First Choice acquired commitments. 
 
 The provision for credit losses, which includes a provision for losses on unfunded commitments, is a charge to earnings to maintain the ACL at a level consistent with management s assessment of expected losses in the loan portfolio at the balance sheet date. The Company also records reversals of interest on nonaccrual loans and interest recoveries directly through the provision of credit losses. CECL requires economic forecasts to be factored into determining estimated losses. As a result, CECL is designed to typically require a higher level of provision at the start of an economic downturn. The decrease in the provision for credit losses in 2022 was primarily due to the provision on acquired loans from the First Choice acquisition recognized in 2021, partially offset by a change in economic forecasts that worsened in 2022 and an increase in unfunded commitments. Two of the primary economic loss drivers used in estimating the ACL include the percentage change in GDP and unemployment. At December 31, 2022, the Company s forecast of the percentage change in GDP included a range of (2.3) to 3.5 and unemployment included a range of 3.5 to 7.7 . This compares to a range of (2.2) to 6.7 for the percentage change in GDP and a range of 3.0 to 8.7 for unemployment in 2021. The Company utilizes a one-year reasonable and supportable forecast and a one-year reversion period. 
 
 In the acquisition of First Choice in 2021, we recognized an allowance of 7.6 million on PCD loans and an allowance of 23.9 million on non-PCD loans. Pursuant to the CECL accounting methodology, the allowance on PCD loans is recorded as part of the acquired loan portfolio. The allowance on non-PCD loans was established through a charge to the provision for credit losses in the post-combination financial statements. The Company did not recognize an acquisition related provision for credit losses in 2022. 
 
 43 

To the extent the Company does not recognize charge-offs and economic forecasts improve in future periods, the Company could recognize a reversal of provision for credit losses. Conversely, if economic conditions and the Company s forecast worsens, the Company could recognize elevated levels of provision for credit losses. The provision is also reflective of charge-offs in the period. 
 
 The following table is a summary of the allocation of the allowance for credit losses for the periods indicated: 
 December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 Balance at End of Period Applicable to: Amount Percent of loans in each category to total loans Amount Percent of loans in each category to total loans Commercial and industrial 53,835 39.6 63,825 37.6 Real estate: Commercial 58,943 47.5 53,437 46.3 Construction and land development 11,444 6.3 14,536 8.1 Residential 7,928 4.1 7,927 5.1 Other 4,782 2.5 5,316 2.9 Total allowance 136,932 100.0 145,041 100.0 
 
 The allowance for credit losses was 1.41 of total loans at December 31, 2022, compared to 1.61 , and 1.89 , at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decline in the allowance to total loans ratio in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to an improvement in credit quality, a shift in the mix of the loan portfolio to categories with lower reserve requirements, and net loan charge-offs of 3.9 million. 
 
 The following table is a summary of net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans for the periods indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 in thousands) Net Charge-offs (Recoveries) Average Loans (1) 
 Net Charge-offs (Recoveries)/Average Loans Net Charge-offs (Recoveries) Average Loans (1) 
 Net Charge-offs (Recoveries)/Average Loans Commercial and industrial 3,869 3,555,483 0.11 10,425 3,195,017 0.33 Real estate: Commercial (593) 4,323,757 (0.01) 810 3,586,773 0.02 Construction and land development (53) 689,048 (0.01) (451) 673,646 (0.07) Residential 539 382,485 0.14 558 396,777 0.14 Other 137 240,816 0.06 287 197,172 0.15 Total 3,899 9,191,589 0.04 11,629 8,049,385 0.14 
 (1) Excludes loans held for sale. 
 
 See Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates of this MD A section for more information on the allowance for credit losses methodology. 

Nonperforming loans and assets 
 See Item 8. Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for more information on nonaccrual loans and other real estate. 
 
 44 

The following table presents the categories of nonperforming assets, excluding government guaranteed portions: 
 December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 Non-accrual loans 9,766 23,449 Loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest 142 1,716 Restructured loans 73 2,859 Total nonperforming loans 9,981 28,024 Other real estate 269 3,493 Total nonperforming assets 10,250 31,517 Total assets 13,054,172 13,537,358 Total loans 9,737,138 9,017,642 Total allowance for credit losses 136,932 145,041 Allowance for credit losses to nonaccrual loans 1,402 619 Allowance for credit losses to nonperforming loans 1,372 518 Allowance for credit losses to total loans 1.41 1.61 Nonaccrual loans to total loans 0.10 0.26 Nonperforming loans to total loans 0.10 0.31 Nonperforming assets to total assets 0.08 0.23 
 
 Nonperforming loans based on loan type were as follows: 
 
 in thousands) December 31, 2022 Number of loans December 31, 2021 Number of loans Commercial and industrial 4,443 44 14 21,538 77 34 Commercial real estate 4,200 42 10 4,414 16 14 Construction and land development 1,192 12 2 Residential real estate 73 1 1 2,048 7 12 Other 73 1 2 24 4 Total 9,981 100 29 28,024 100 64 
 
 The following table summarizes the changes in nonperforming loans: 
 Year ended December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 Nonperforming loans, beginning of period 28,024 38,507 Additions to nonaccrual loans 8,904 43,350 Charge-offs (9,393) (17,185) Principal payments (17,554) (36,648) Nonperforming loans, end of period 9,981 28,024 
 
 Nonperforming loans at December 31, 2022 decreased 18.0 million, or 64 , when compared to December 31, 2021. The decrease in nonperforming loans during 2022 was primarily from principal payments of 17.6 million and charge-offs of 9.4 million. The charge-offs off nonperforming loans were primarily in C I and residential real estate, representing 65 and and 22 of gross charge-offs in 2022, respectively. 
 
 45 

Other real estate 
 The following table summarizes the changes in other real estate: 
 Year ended December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 Other real estate, beginning of period 3,493 5,330 Additions 3,175 Writedowns in value (268) (29) Sales (2,956) (4,983) Other real estate, end of period 269 3,493 

Investments 
 At December 31, 2022, our portfolio of investment securities was 2.2 billion, or 17 , of total assets, compared to 1.8 billion, or 13 , of total assets as of December 31, 2021. The increase in 2022 was due to a reallocation of excess liquidity into the investment portfolio. The portfolio is comprised of both available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities. 
 
 The table below sets forth the carrying value of investment securities, excluding the allowance for credit losses: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 in thousands) Amount Amount Obligations of U.S. Government sponsored enterprises 237,785 10.6 173,511 9.6 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 946,456 42.1 811,463 45.2 Agency mortgage-backed securities 716,422 31.9 581,964 32.4 U.S. Treasury Bills 208,534 9.3 91,170 5.1 Corporate debt securities 137,260 6.1 138,193 7.7 Total 2,246,457 100.0 1,796,301 100.0 
 
 The allowance for credit losses on held-to-maturity debt securities was 0.7 million and 0.6 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company had no debt securities classified as trading at December 31, 2022, or 2021. 
 
 The following table summarizes contractual maturity and tax-equivalent yields on the investment portfolio at December 31, 2022: 
 Within 1 year 1 to 5 years 5 to 10 years Over 10 years Total in thousands) Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Obligations of U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises 204,217 1.32 18,721 2.79 14,847 2.10 237,785 1.48 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 2,019 3.71 22,340 2.29 111,165 3.57 810,932 3.11 946,456 3.15 Agency mortgage-backed securities 6,141 2.80 64,629 3.00 55,614 2.82 590,038 2.64 716,422 2.69 U.S. Treasury Bills 102,931 3.16 100,825 2.68 4,778 3.07 208,534 2.93 Corporate debt securities 32,486 3.11 104,774 3.46 137,260 3.38 Total 111,091 3.15 424,497 2.09 295,052 3.33 1,415,817 2.90 2,246,457 2.82 
 
 Yields on tax-exempt securities are computed on a taxable equivalent basis using a tax rate of 25.2 . Actual maturities can differ from contractual maturities, as borrowers may have the right to call or repay obligations with or without prepayment penalties. 
 46 

Other investments primarily consist of the FHLB capital stock, common stock investments related to our trust preferred securities, community development funds, and other investments in private equity funds, primarily SBICs. These investments do not have a stated maturity. 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 in thousands) Amount Amount FHLB capital stock 14,015 22.0 12,075 20.2 Other investments 49,775 78.0 47,821 79.8 Total 63,790 100.0 59,896 100.0 

Deposits 
 The following table shows the breakdown of deposits by type: 
 Years ended December 31, Increase (decrease) in thousands) 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 Noninterest-bearing demand accounts 4,642,732 4,578,436 1.4 Interest-bearing demand accounts 2,256,295 2,465,884 (8.5) Money market accounts 2,655,159 2,890,976 (8.2) Savings accounts 744,256 800,210 (7.0) Certificates of deposit: Brokered 118,968 128,970 (7.8) Other 411,740 479,323 (14.1) Total deposits 10,829,150 11,343,799 (4.5) Noninterest-bearing deposits / Total deposits 43 40 
 
 The following table shows the average balance and average rate of deposits by type: 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 in thousands) Average Balance Average Rate Paid Average Balance Average Rate Paid Average Balance Average Rate Paid Noninterest-bearing deposit accounts 4,805,549 3,597,204 1,854,982 Interest-bearing demand accounts 2,318,363 0.30 2,122,752 0.08 1,494,364 0.14 Money market accounts 2,781,579 0.69 2,557,836 0.18 1,977,826 0.39 Savings accounts 819,043 0.04 724,768 0.03 589,832 0.05 Certificates of deposit 569,272 0.62 570,496 0.73 676,889 1.61 Total interest-bearing deposits 6,488,257 0.46 5,975,852 0.18 4,738,911 0.44 Total average deposits 11,293,806 0.27 9,573,056 0.11 6,593,893 0.32 
 
 Average total deposits were 11.3 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 1.7 billion, or 18 , from December 31, 2021. The increase in 2022 was primarily due to a full year of balances from the First Choice acquisition and organic growth. The increase in 2021 was primarily due to the First Choice and Seacoast acquisitions and the high level of liquidity in the economy. 
 47 

The following table sets forth the maturities of estimated uninsured certificates of deposit as of December 31, 2022. Uninsured deposits are amounts estimated to exceed the FDIC deposit insurance limit and are not subject to any federal or state insurance program. 
 in thousands) Total Three months or less 27,656 Over three through six months 22,492 Over six through twelve months 48,721 Over twelve months 25,702 Total 124,571 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, estimated uninsured deposits totaled 5.9 billion, including 124.6 million of certificates of deposit. Also, at December 31, 2021 estimated uninsured deposits totaled 5.9 billion. 
 
 Shareholders equity 
 Shareholders equity totaled 1.5 billion at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 6.9 million, or 0.4 , from December 31, 2021. 
 
 Significant activity during the year ended December 31, 2022 included the following: 
 
 Increase from net income of 203.0 million; 
 Net decrease in fair value of available-for-sale securities and cash flow hedges of 149.1 million; 
 Decrease from dividends paid on common stock of 33.6 million and preferred stock of 4.0 million, respectively; 
 Decrease from share repurchases of 32.9 million, pursuant to the Company s publicly-announced stock repurchase program; and 
 Retirement of 1,980,093 of treasury stock shares. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Liquidity 
 The objective of liquidity management is to ensure we have the ability to generate sufficient cash or cash equivalents in a timely and cost-effective manner to meet our commitments as they become due. Typical demands on liquidity are changes in deposit levels, maturing time deposits which are not renewed, and fundings under credit commitments to customers. Funds are available from a number of sources, such as the core deposit base and loan and security repayments and maturities. 
 
 Additionally, liquidity is provided from lines of credit with the FHLB, the Federal Reserve, and correspondent banks; the ability to acquire large and brokered deposits; sales of the securities portfolio; and the ability to sell loan participations to other banks. These alternatives are an important part of our liquidity plan and provide flexibility and efficient execution of the asset-liability management strategy. 
 
 The Company s Asset-Liability Management Committee oversees our liquidity position, the parameters of which are approved by the Bank s Board of Directors. Our liquidity position is monitored daily. Our liquidity management framework includes measurement of several key elements, such as a loan to deposit ratio, a liquidity ratio, and a dependency ratio. The Company s liquidity framework also incorporates contingency planning to assess the nature and volatility of funding sources and to determine alternatives to these sources. While core deposits and loan and investment repayments are principal sources of liquidity, funding diversification is another key element of liquidity management and is achieved by strategically varying depositor types, terms, funding markets, and instruments. 
 
 Liquidity from assets is available primarily from cash balances and the investment portfolio. Cash and interest-bearing deposits with other banks totaled 291.4 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 2.0 billion at 
 48 

December 31, 2021. The decline in cash balances during 2022 is due to loan growth and a deployment of liquidity into the investment portfolio, coupled with a decline in total deposits. The increase in market interest rates in 2022 increased the competitive environment for deposits, as depositors have more alternatives to bank deposit accounts. This reverses the trend from 2020-2021, when the low interest rate environment, coupled with an uncertain outlook and government stimulus, increased liquidity within the banking industry. Investment securities are another important tool to the Company s liquidity objectives. Securities totaled 2.2 billion at December 31, 2022, and included 734 million pledged as collateral for deposits of public institutions, treasury, loan notes, and other requirements. The remaining 1.4 billion could be pledged or sold to enhance liquidity, if necessary. 
 
 Liability liquidity funding sources are available to increase financial flexibility. In addition to amounts borrowed at December 31, 2022, the Company could borrow an additional 752 million from the FHLB of Des Moines under blanket loan pledges and has additional real estate loans that could be pledged. The Company also has 1.4 billion available from the Federal Reserve Bank under a pledged loan agreement. The Company also has unsecured federal funds lines with six correspondent banks totaling 90 million. 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Company enters into certain forms of off-balance sheet transactions, including unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit. These transactions are managed through the Company s various risk management processes. Management considers both on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet transactions in its evaluation of the Company s liquidity. The Company has 3.2 billion in unused commitments to extend credit as of December 31, 2022. While this commitment level would exhaust the majority the Company s current liquidity resources, the nature of these commitments is such that the likelihood of funding them in the aggregate at any one time is low. 
 
 At the holding company level, our primary funding sources are dividends and payments from the Bank and proceeds from the issuance of equity (i.e. stock option exercises, stock offerings) and debt instruments. The main use of this liquidity is to provide the funds necessary to pay dividends to shareholders, service debt, invest in subsidiaries as necessary, and satisfy other operating requirements. In 2022, the holding company maintained a revolving line of credit for an aggregate amount up to 25 million, all of which was available at December 31, 2022. The line of credit has a one-year term that was renewed in February 2023. The proceeds can be used for general corporate purposes. 
 
 The Company has an effective automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 allowing for the issuance of various forms of equity and debt securities. The Company s ability to offer securities pursuant to the registration statement depends on market conditions and the Company s continuing eligibility to use the Form S-3 under rules of the SEC. 
 
 Strong capital ratios, credit quality and core earnings are essential to retaining cost-effective access to the wholesale funding markets. Deterioration in any of these factors could have a negative impact on the Company s ability to access these funding sources and, as a result, these factors are monitored on an ongoing basis as part of the liquidity management process. The Bank is subject to regulations and, among other things, may be limited in its ability to pay dividends or transfer funds to the parent company. Accordingly, consolidated cash flows as presented in the consolidated statements of cash flows may not represent cash immediately available for the payment of cash dividends to the Company s shareholders or for other cash needs. 
 
 Through the normal course of operations, the Company has entered into certain contractual obligations and other commitments. Such obligations relate to funding of operations through deposits or debt issuances, as well as leases for premises and equipment. As a financial services provider, the Company routinely enters into commitments to extend credit. While contractual obligations represent future cash requirements of the Company, a significant portion of commitments to extend credit may expire without being drawn upon. Such commitments are subject to the same credit policies and approval process accorded to loans made by the Company. The Company also enters into derivative contracts under which the Company either receives cash from or pays cash to counterparties depending on changes in interest rates. Derivative contracts are carried at fair value on the consolidated balance sheet with the fair value representing the net present value of expected future cash receipts or payments based on 
 49 

market interest rates as of the balance sheet date. The fair value of these contracts changes daily as market interest rates change. For additional information on the Company s contractual obligations and commitments see the following footnotes in Item 8: Note 5 Leases, Note 6 Derivative Financial Instruments, Note 10 Subordinated Debentures and Notes, Note 11 Federal Home Loan Bank Advances, Note 12 Other Borrowings, and Note 17 Commitments. 
 
 Capital Resources 
 The Company and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the state and federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possible additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the financial statements and results of operations of the Company. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Company and its bank affiliate must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance-sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The banking affiliate s capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors. 
 
 Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require the Company and the Bank to maintain minimum amounts and ratios (set forth in the following table) of total and tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets, and of tier 1 capital to average assets. To be categorized as well-capitalized , banks must maintain minimum total risk-based (10 ), tier 1 risk-based (8 ), common equity tier 1 risk-based (6.5 ), and tier 1 leverage ratios (5 ). As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the Company and the Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject. 
 
 The Bank met the definition of well-capitalized at each of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Refer to Item 8. Note 14 Regulatory Capital for a summary of our risk-based capital and leverage ratios. 
 
 The following table summarizes the Company s capital ratios: 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 in thousands) EFSC Bank EFSC Bank To Be Well-Capitalized Minimum Ratio with CCB Common Equity Tier 1 Capital to Risk Weighted Assets 11.1 12.1 11.3 12.5 6.5 7.0 Tier 1 Capital to Risk Weighted Assets 12.6 12.1 13.0 12.5 8.0 8.5 Total Capital to Risk Weighted Assets 14.2 13.1 14.7 13.5 10.0 10.5 Leverage Ratio (Tier 1 Capital to Average Assets) 10.9 10.5 9.7 9.3 5.0 4.0 Tangible common equity to tangible assets 1 
 8.4 8.1 Common equity tier 1 capital 1,228,786 1,333,978 1,091,823 1,201,340 Tier 1 capital 1,394,426 1,334,030 1,257,462 1,201,391 Total risk-based capital 1,568,332 1,444,685 1,423,036 1,303,715 1 Not a required regulatory capital ratio 

The Company believes the tangible common equity and regulatory capital ratios are important measures of capital strength. The tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio is considered a non-GAAP measure. The tables included in this MD A section under the caption Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures reconcile these ratios to U.S. GAAP. 
 
 50 

Risk Management 
 Market risk arises from exposure to changes in interest rates and other relevant market rate or price risk. The Company faces market risk in the form of interest rate risk through transactions other than trading activities. Market risk from these activities, in the form of interest rate risk, is measured and managed through a number of methods. The Company uses financial modeling techniques to measure interest rate risk. These techniques measure the sensitivity of future earnings due to changing interest rate environments. Guidelines established by the Bank s Asset/Liability Management Committee and approved by the Bank s Board of Directors are used to monitor exposure of earnings at risk. General interest rate movements are used to develop sensitivity as management believes it has no primary exposure to a specific point on the yield curve. These limits are based on the Company s exposure to immediate and sustained parallel rate movements, either upward or downward. The Company does not have any direct market risk from commodity exposures. 

Interest Rate Risk 
 Our interest rate risk management practices are aimed at optimizing net interest income, while guarding against deterioration that could be caused by certain interest rate scenarios. Interest rate sensitivity varies with different types of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. We attempt to maintain interest-earning assets, comprised primarily of both loans and investments, and interest-bearing liabilities, comprised primarily of deposits, maturing or repricing in similar time horizons in order to manage any impact from market interest rate changes according to our risk tolerance. The Company uses an earnings simulation model to measure earnings sensitivity to changing rates. 
 
 The Company determines the sensitivity of its short-term future earnings to a hypothetical plus or minus 100 to 300 basis point parallel rate shock through the use of simulation modeling. The simulation of earnings includes the modeling of the balance sheet as an ongoing entity. Future business assumptions involving administered rate products, prepayments for future rate-sensitive balances, and the reinvestment of maturing assets and liabilities are included. These items are then modeled to project net interest income based on a hypothetical change in interest rates. The resulting net interest income for the next 12-month period is compared to the net interest income amount calculated using flat rates. This difference represents the Company s earnings sensitivity to a positive or negative parallel rate shock. 
 
 The following table summarizes the projected impact of interest rate shocks on net interest income: 
 Rate Shock 1 
 Annual change in net interest income At December 31, 2022 2021 + 300 bp 11.1 22.9 + 200 bp 7.5 14.1 + 100 bp 3.8 5.6 - 100 bp (4.1) NA - 200 bp (9.0) NA - 300 bp (15.1) NA 1 Due to the levels of interest rates in 2021, the downward shock scenarios are not shown. 

In addition to the rate shocks shown in the table above, the Company models net interest income under various dynamic interest rate scenarios. In general, changes in interest rates are positively correlated with changes in net interest income. 
 
 The Company occasionally uses interest rate derivative instruments as an asset/liability management tool to hedge mismatches in interest rate exposure indicated by the net interest income simulation described above. They are used to modify the Company s exposures to interest rate fluctuations and provide more stable spreads between loan yields and the rate on their funding sources. At December 31, 2022, the Company had derivative contracts to manage interest rate risk, including 200.0 million in notional value on derivatives to hedge the cash flows on 
 51 

floating rate loans and 62.0 million in notional value on derivatives on floating rate debt. Derivative financial instruments are discussed in Item 8. Note 6 Derivative Financial Instruments. 
 
 The FCA has announced that the most common USD LIBOR settings (overnight, 1-month. 3-month, 6-month and 12-month) will cease publication after September 30, 2024. LIBOR was the most liquid and common interest rate index in the world and was commonly referenced in financial instruments. With the cessation of LIBOR, the Company has selected term SOFR as the replacement index for the majority of its variable rate loans and has begun providing customer notifications in early 2023. The Company ceased using LIBOR and ICE swap rates in new contracts and began issuing SOFR based loans in December 2021. 
 
 We have exposure to LIBOR in various financial contracts. Instruments that may be impacted include loans, debt instruments and derivatives, among other financial contracts indexed to LIBOR and that mature after December 31, 2022. We also have loans that are indirectly linked to LIBOR through reference to the ICE swap rate. We have an internal working group composed of members from legal, credit, finance, operations, risk and audit to monitor developments, develop policies and procedures, assess the impact to the Company from the replacement index for affected contracts that expire after the expected discontinuation of representative LIBOR on June 30, 2023. Amending certain contracts indexed to LIBOR may require consent from the counterparties which could be difficult and costly to obtain in certain circumstances. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s financial contracts indexed to LIBOR included 1.4 billion in loans (including 497.5 million indirectly linked to LIBOR through reference to an ICE swap rate), 74.8 million in borrowings, and 466.9 million (notional) in derivatives. 
 The Company had 6.1 billion in variable rate loans as of December 31, 2022. Of these loans, 3.7 billion have an interest rate floor and nearly all of those loans were at or above the floor. 1.4 billion in variable rate loans are indexed to LIBOR, 2.9 billion are indexed to the prime rate, 1.4 billion are indexed to SOFR, and 413.4 million are indexed to other rates. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 The following accounting policies are considered most critical to the understanding of the Company s financial condition and results of operations. These critical accounting policies require management s most difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. Because these estimates and judgments are based on current circumstances, they may change over time or prove to be inaccurate based on experience. In the event different assumptions or conditions were to prevail, and depending upon the severity of such changes, the possibility of a materially different financial condition and/or results of operations could reasonably be expected. The impact and any associated risks related to our critical accounting policies on our business operations are described throughout Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, where such policies affect our reported and expected financial results. For a detailed discussion on the application of these and other accounting policies, see Item 8. Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 
 
 The Company has prepared all of the consolidated financial information in this report in accordance with GAAP. The Company makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates and assumptions are based on management s best estimates and judgment. Management evaluates its estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis using loss experience and other factors, including the current economic environment, which management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. We adjust such estimates and assumptions when facts and circumstances dictate. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision, actual results could differ significantly from these estimates. Changes in estimates resulting from continuing changes in the economic environment will be reflected in the financial statements in future periods. There can be no assurances that actual results will not differ from those estimates. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The Company maintains separate allowances for funded loans, unfunded loans, and held-to-maturity securities, collectively referred to the ACL. The ACL is a valuation account to adjust the cost basis to the amount expected to 
 52 

be collected, based on management s experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. For purposes of determining the allowance for funded and unfunded loans, the portfolios are segregated into pools that share similar risk characteristics that are then further segregated by credit grades. Loans that do not share similar risk characteristics are evaluated on an individual basis and are not included in the collective evaluation. The Company estimates the amount of the allowance based on loan loss experience, adjusted for current and forecasted economic conditions, including unemployment, changes in GDP, and commercial and residential real estate prices. The Company s forecast of economic conditions uses internal and external information and considers a weighted average of a baseline, upside, and downside scenarios. Because economic conditions can change and are difficult to predict, the anticipated amount of estimated loan defaults and losses, and therefore the adequacy of the allowance, could change significantly and have a direct impact on the Company s credit costs. The Company s allowance for credit losses on loans was 136.9 million at December 31, 2022 based on the weighting of the different economic scenarios. As a hypothetical example, if the Company had only used the upside scenario, the allowance would have decreased 24.1 million. Conversely, the allowance would have increased 40.5 million using only the downside scenario. 
 
 Acquisitions 
 Acquisitions and Business Combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting. The assets and liabilities of the acquired entities have been recorded at their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired, including the amount assigned to identifiable intangible assets. 
 
 The purchase price allocation process requires an estimation of the fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. When a business combination agreement provides for an adjustment to the cost of the combination contingent on future events, the Company includes an estimate of the acquisition-date fair value as part of the cost of the combination. To determine the fair values, the Company relies on third party valuations, such as appraisals, or internal valuations based on discounted cash flow analyses or other valuation techniques. The results of operations of the acquired business are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements from the respective date of acquisition. Merger-related costs are costs the Company incurs to effect a business combination. Merger-related expenses include costs directly related to merger or acquisition activity and include legal and professional fees, system consolidation and conversion costs, and compensation costs such as severance and retention incentives for employees impacted by acquisition activity. The Company accounts for merger-related costs as expenses in the periods in which the costs are incurred and the services are received. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 Management uses certain assumptions and estimates in determining income taxes payable or refundable for the current year, deferred income tax assets and liabilities and income tax expense. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. If current available information raises doubt as to the realization of the deferred tax assets, a valuation allowance may be established. We consider the determination of this valuation allowance to be a critical accounting policy because of the need to exercise significant judgment in evaluating the amount and timing of recognition of deferred tax liabilities and assets, including projections of future taxable income. These judgments and estimates are reviewed on a continual basis as regulatory and business factors change. A valuation allowance for deferred tax assets may be required in the future if the amounts of taxes recoverable through loss carry backs decline, if we project lower levels of future taxable income, or we project lower levels of tax planning strategies. Such valuation allowance would be established through a charge to income tax expense that would adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 Effects of New Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Item 8. Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Recent Accounting Pronouncements for information on recent accounting pronouncements and their impact, if any, on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 53 

Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The Company s accounting and reporting policies conform to U.S. GAAP and the prevailing practices in the banking industry. However, the Company provides other financial measures, such as core efficiency ratio, tangible common equity ratio, return on average tangible common equity, and tangible book value per common share, in this report that are considered non-GAAP financial measures. Generally, a non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of a company s financial performance, financial position, or cash flows that exclude (or include) amounts that are included in (or excluded from) the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 The Company considers its core efficiency ratio, tangible common equity ratio, return on average tangible common equity, and tangible book value per common share, collectively core performance measures, presented in this report, as relevant measures of financial performance, even though they are non-GAAP measures, as they provide supplemental information by which to evaluate the impact of certain non-comparable items, and the Company s operating performance on an ongoing basis. Core performance measures exclude certain other income and expense items such as merger-related expenses, facilities charges, and the gain or loss on sale of investment securities, which the Company believes to be not indicative of or useful to measure the Company s operating performance on an ongoing basis. The attached tables contain a reconciliation of these core performance measures to the GAAP measures. The Company believes the tangible common equity ratio provides useful information to investors about the Company s capital strength even though it is considered to be a non-GAAP financial measure and is not part of the regulatory capital requirements to which the Company is subject. 
 
 The Company believes these non-GAAP measures and ratios, when taken together with the corresponding GAAP measures and ratios, provide meaningful supplemental information regarding the Company s performance and capital strength. The Company s management uses, and believes investors benefit from referring to, these non-GAAP measures and ratios in assessing the Company s operating results and related trends and when forecasting future periods. However, these non-GAAP measures and ratios should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for or preferable to, ratios prepared in accordance with GAAP. The Company has provided a reconciliation of, where applicable, the most comparable GAAP financial measures and ratios to the non-GAAP financial measures and ratios, or a reconciliation of the non-GAAP calculation of the financial measure for the periods indicated. 
 
 Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Core Efficiency Ratio 
 54 

For the Years ended December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net interest income (GAAP) 473,903 360,194 270,001 Tax-equivalent adjustment 7,042 5,151 3,190 Less incremental accretion income 4,083 Noninterest income (GAAP) 59,162 67,743 54,503 Less gain (loss) on sale of other real estate (93) 884 Less gain on sale of investment securities 421 Less other non-core income 265 Core revenue (non-GAAP) 540,200 432,204 322,925 Noninterest expense (GAAP) 274,216 245,919 167,159 Less amortization on intangibles 5,367 5,691 5,673 Less merger-related expenses 22,082 4,174 Less branch-closure expenses 3,441 Less other non-core expenses 57 Core noninterest expense (non-GAAP) 268,849 214,705 157,255 Core efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) 49.77 49.68 48.70 
 
 Tangible Common Equity, Tangible Book Value per Share, and Tangible Common Equity Ratio 
 Period ended December 31, in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Total shareholders' equity 1,522,263 1,529,116 1,078,975 Less preferred stock 71,988 71,988 Less goodwill 365,164 365,164 260,567 Less intangible assets 16,919 22,286 23,084 Tangible common equity 1,068,192 1,069,678 795,324 Common shares outstanding 37,253 37,820 31,210 Tangible book value per share 28.67 28.28 25.48 Total assets 13,054,172 13,537,358 9,751,571 Less goodwill 365,164 365,164 260,567 Less intangible assets 16,919 22,286 23,084 Tangible assets 12,672,089 13,149,908 9,467,920 Tangible common equity to tangible assets 8.43 8.13 8.40 
 
 55 

Return on Average Tangible Common Equity (ROATCE) 
 For the Years ended December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Average shareholder s equity 1,498,759 1,277,153 902,875 Less average preferred stock 71,988 8,903 Less average goodwill 365,164 307,614 217,205 Less average intangible assets 19,516 22,460 23,551 Average tangible common equity 1,042,091 938,176 662,119 Net income available to common shareholders (GAAP) 199,002 133,055 74,384 Return on average tangible common equity 19.10 14.18 11.23 

ITEM 7A: QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Please refer to Risk Factors included in Item 1A and Risk Management and Interest Rate Risk included in Management s Discussion and Analysis under Item 7. 
 
 56 

ITEM 8: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Enterprise Financial Services Corp and Subsidiaries 
 Page Number Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, PCAOB ID 
 58 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 61 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 62 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 63 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 64 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 65 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 67 

57 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and Board of Directors of Enterprise Financial Services Corp 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Enterprise Financial Services Corp and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans Refer to Note 1 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company utilizes a discounted cash flow DCF method to measure the Allowance for Credit Losses ACL on loans collectively evaluated that are sub-segmented by credit risk levels. The DCF method incorporates assumptions for probability of default, loss given default, prepayments and curtailments over the contractual term of the loans. In determining the probability of default, the Company utilized a regression analysis to determine certain economic factors that are relevant loss drivers in the portfolio segments based on historical or peer evaluations such as unemployment or gross domestic product. Additionally, the Company applies qualitative adjustments to address risks not directly captured in the quantitative reserve; including to address macroeconomic uncertainty by weighting the forecasted baseline, upside, and downside economic factors. 
 58 

We identified the allowance for credit losses as a critical audit matter because of the complexity of the Company s model and the significant assumptions used by management. Auditing the allowance for credit losses required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve credit specialists when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s models and assumptions. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the Company s ACL included the following, among others: 
 a. We tested the design and operating effectiveness of management s controls covering the key data, assumptions and judgments impacting the allowance for credit losses. 
 b. We evaluated the appropriateness of the Company s accounting policies, methodologies, and elections involved in determining the allowance. 
 c. We involved credit specialists to assist us in evaluating the Company s development of the CECL model, including the selection of and calibration to economic factors. 
 d. We assessed the reasonableness of the Company s qualitative methodology, tested key calculations utilized within the qualitative estimate and agreed underlying data within the calculation to source documents. 

/s/ 

February 24, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2010. 

59 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and Board of Directors of Enterprise Financial Services Corp 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Enterprise Financial Services Corp and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 24, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Assessment of Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 St. Louis, Missouri 
 February 24, 2023 
 60 

ENTERPRISE FINANCIAL SERVICES CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 December 31, in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 Assets Cash and due from banks Federal funds sold Interest-earning deposits (including and pledged as collateral, respectively) 
 Total cash and cash equivalents Interest-earning deposits greater than 90 days Securities available-for-sale Securities held-to-maturity, net Loans held-for-sale Loans Allowance for credit losses on loans ) ) Total loans, net Other investments Fixed assets, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders' equity Noninterest-bearing demand accounts Interest-bearing demand accounts Money market accounts Savings accounts Certificates of deposit: Brokered Other Total deposits Subordinated debentures and notes FHLB advances Other borrowings Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingent liabilities (Note 18) Shareholders' equity: Preferred stock, par value; 
 shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding, respectively per share liquidation preference) 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding and shares issued, respectively 
 Treasury stock, at cost; and shares, respectively 
 ) Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 61 

ENTERPRISE FINANCIAL SERVICES CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Year ended December 31, in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Interest income: Loans Debt securities: Taxable Nontaxable Interest-earning deposits Dividends on equity securities Total interest income Interest expense: Deposits Subordinated debentures and notes FHLB advances Other borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income Provision (benefit) for credit losses ) Net interest income after provision (benefit) for credit losses Noninterest income: Service charges on deposit accounts Wealth management revenue Card services revenue Tax credit income Other income Total noninterest income Noninterest expense: Employee compensation and benefits Occupancy Data processing Professional fees Branch-closure expenses Merger-related expenses Other expenses Total noninterest expense Income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net income Dividends on preferred stock Net income available to common shareholders Earnings per common share Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 62 

ENTERPRISE FINANCIAL SERVICES CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Year ended December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Change in unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities ) ) Reclassification of gain on the sale of available-for-sale securities ) Reclassification of gain on held-to-maturity securities ) ) ) Change in unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges ) Reclassification of loss on cash flow hedges Total other comprehensive income (loss), net ) ) Total comprehensive income 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

63 

ENTERPRISE FINANCIAL SERVICES CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Preferred Common (in thousands, except per share data) Shares Amount Shares Amount Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Shareholders' Equity Balance December 31, 2019 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Common stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Issuance under equity compensation plans, net Shares issued in connection with acquisition of Seacoast Commerce Banc Holdings Share-based compensation Reclassification for the adoption of ASU 2016-13 (CECL) ) ) Balance December 31, 2020 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Common stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Issuance under equity compensation plans, net ) Shares issued in connection with acquisition of First Choice Bancorp, net (gross issuance shares) 
 ) Preferred stock issuance, net of issuance cost 
 Share-based compensation Balance December 31, 2021 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Common stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) Preferred stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Issuance under equity compensation plans, net ) Share-based compensation Retirement of treasury stock shares) 
 ) ) ) Balance December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 64 

ENTERPRISE FINANCIAL SERVICES CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Year ended December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Provision (benefit) for credit losses ) Deferred income taxes ) Net amortization of debt securities Net amortization (accretion) on loans ) ) Amortization of intangible assets Amortization of servicing assets Mortgage loans originated-for-sale ) ) ) Proceeds from mortgage loans sold Loss (gain) on: Investment securities ) Other real estate ) Fixed assets ) State tax credits ) ) ) Asset impairment Share-based compensation Changes in other assets and liabilities, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from acquisitions, net Net (increase) decrease in loans ) ) Proceeds received from: Sale of debt securities, available-for-sale Paydown or maturity of debt securities, available-for-sale Paydown or maturity of debt securities, held-to-maturity Redemption of other investments Sale of state tax credits held-for-sale Sale of other real estate Sale of fixed assets Settlement of bank-owned life insurance policies Payments for the purchase of: Available-for-sale debt securities ) ) ) Held-to-maturity debt securities ) Other investments ) ) ) State tax credits held-for-sale ) ) ) Fixed assets ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) 
 65 

Year ended December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from financing activities: Net increase in noninterest-bearing deposit accounts Net (decrease) increase in interest-bearing deposit accounts ) Proceeds from the issuance of subordinated notes Payments for the redemption of subordinated notes ) Net increase (decrease) in short term FHLB advances, net ) ) Repayments of long-term FHLB advances ) Repayment of PPPLF advances ) Repayments of notes payable ) ) ) Net (decrease) increase in other borrowings ) Dividends paid on common stock ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Dividends paid on preferred stock ) Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock, net Other, net Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid during the period for: Interest Income taxes Noncash investing and financing transactions: Transfer to other real estate owned in settlement of loans Sales of other real estate financed Transfer of securities from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity Transfer to loans from fixed assets for deconsolidation of partnership Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations Common shares issued in connection with acquisitions 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

66 

ENTERPRISE FINANCIAL SERVICES CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 1 - 

operating segment. 
 
 Use of Estimates 

Cash Flow Information 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 FASB ASU 2021-01, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Scope (ASU 2021-01) . ASU 2021-01 was issued in January 2021 and provides optional expedients and exceptions in ASC 848 to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions affected by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. The amendment only applies to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. The expedients and exceptions provided by the amendments will not apply to contract modifications made and hedging relationships entered into or evaluated after December 31, 2022, except for hedging relationships existing as of December 31, 2022, that an entity has elected certain optional expedients for and that are retained through the end of the hedging relationship. The amendments in this update were effective immediately upon issuance and did not have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. In December 2022, ASU 2022-06 Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset date of Topic 848 was issued, which extends the sunset date from December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2024. 
 
 FASB ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326); Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures. ASU 2022-02 was issued in March 2022 and eliminates the accounting guidance on troubled debt restructurings for creditors in ASC 310-40 and amends the guidance on vintage disclosures to require disclosure of current-period gross write-offs by year of origination. The ASU also updates the requirements related to accounting for credit losses under ASC 326 and adds enhanced disclosures for creditors with respect to loan 
 67 

Loans Held-for-Sale and Servicing Assets 
 
 68 

million. The servicing asset is accounted for under the amortization method and is evaluated for impairment. Amortization of the servicing asset is recorded as a reduction to servicing income. 
 
 Gains on the sale of held-for-sale loans are reported net of direct origination fees and costs in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 Loans 
 Loans are reported at the principal balance outstanding, net of unearned fees, costs, and premiums or discounts on acquired loans. Loan origination fees, direct origination costs, and premiums or discounts resulting from acquired loans are deferred and recognized over the lives of the related loans as a yield adjustment using the interest method. 
 
 Interest on loans is accrued to income based on the principal balance outstanding. The recognition of interest income is discontinued when a loan becomes 90 days past due or a significant deterioration in the borrower s credit has occurred which, in management s judgment, negatively impacts the collectibility of the loan. Unpaid interest on such loans is reversed at the time the loan becomes uncollectible and subsequent interest payments received are generally applied to principal if any doubt exists as to the collectibility of such principal. Loans that have not been restructured are returned to accrual status when management believes full collectibility of principal and interest is expected. Non-accrual loans that have been restructured will remain in a non-accrual status until the borrower has made at least six months of consecutive contractual payments. 
 
 The Company has elected to present the accrued interest receivable balance separate from amortized cost basis, to exclude accrued interest receivable balances from the tabular disclosures, and not to estimate an ACL on accrued interest receivable as these amounts are timely written off as a credit loss expense. 
 
 Accrued interest receivable totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and were reported in Other Assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Acquired Loans 
 Acquired loans are separated into two categories based on the credit risk characteristics of the underlying borrowers as either PCD, for loans which have experienced more than insignificant credit deterioration since origination, or loans with no credit deterioration (non-PCD). At the date of acquisition, an ACL on PCD loans is determined and added to the amortized cost basis of the individual loans. The difference between the initial amortized cost basis and the par value of the loan is a noncredit discount or premium, which is amortized into interest income over the life of the loan. The ACL on PCD loans is recorded in the acquisition accounting and no provision for credit losses is recognized at the acquisition date. Subsequent changes to the ACL are recorded through provision expense. For non-PCD loans, an ACL is established immediately after the acquisition through a charge to the provision for credit losses. 
 
 The ACL for both PCD and non-PCD is determined by pooling loans with similar risk characteristics and using the approach described below under Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans . 
 
 69 

70 

Other Real Estate 
 71 

Fixed Assets 
 and buildings and leasehold improvements over ten to , based upon estimated lives or lease obligation periods. 
 
 State Tax Credits 
 streams of state tax credits at agreed upon discount rates and sells such tax credits to its clients and others. State tax credits are accounted for at cost. The Company is also a minority partner in a joint venture, accounted for as an equity method investment, that purchases state income tax credits for resale to customers. Income from both the sale of state tax credits and earnings from the joint venture are reported as tax credit income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 Cash Surrender Value of Life Insurance 

Federal Home Loan Bank Stock 

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 years. 
 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

72 

Income Taxes 

Stock-Based Compensation 

73 

Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Common Share 

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 

Share Repurchases 
 The Company periodically adopts share repurchase plans that authorize open market repurchases of common stock. Shares acquired through the repurchase plan are classified as treasury stock or the shares are immediately retired upon settlement, depending on plan authorization. When shares are retired, the excess of repurchase price over par is allocated between additional paid in capital and retained earnings. The amount allocated to additional paid in capital is limited to the pro rata portion of additional paid in capital at the time of repurchase. 
 
 Reclassifications 

NOTE 2 - 
 74 

Weighted average common shares outstanding Additional dilutive common stock equivalents Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 
 
 For 2022, 2021 and 2020, common stock equivalents of approximately , and , respectively, were excluded from the earnings per share calculation because their effect would have been anti-dilutive. 
 
 75 

NOTE 3 - 
 
 ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) Agency mortgage-backed securities ) Corporate debt securities ) U.S. Treasury Bills ) Total securities available-for-sale ) Held-to-maturity securities: Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) Agency mortgage-backed securities ) Corporate debt securities ) Total securities held-to-maturity ) Allowance for credit losses ) Total securities held-to-maturity, net December 31, 2021 in thousands) Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Available-for-sale securities: Obligations of U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) Agency mortgage-backed securities ) Corporate debt securities U.S. Treasury Bills ) Total securities available-for-sale ) Held-to-maturity securities: Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) Agency mortgage-backed securities ) Corporate debt securities Total securities held-to-maturity ) Allowance for credit losses ) Total securities held-to-maturity, net 
 
 During 2022, the Company transferred million of securities from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity. The Company believes the held-to-maturity category is consistent with the Company s intent for these securities. The transfer of securities was made at fair value at the time of transfer. The unamortized portion of the unrealized holding gain at the time of transfer is retained in accumulated other comprehensive income and in the carrying value of held-to-maturity securities. The balance of held-to-maturity securities in the Amortized Cost column in the 
 76 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Such amounts are amortized over the remaining life of the securities. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, and 2021, there were no holdings of securities of any one issuer in an amount greater than of shareholders equity, other than the U.S. Government agencies and sponsored enterprises. The agency mortgage-backed securities are all issued by U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises. Securities having a fair value of million and million at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively, were pledged as collateral to secure deposits of public institutions and for other purposes as required by law or contract provisions. 
 
 years. 
 Available-for-sale Held-to-maturity in thousands) Amortized Cost Estimated Fair Value Amortized Cost Estimated Fair Value Due in one year or less Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Agency mortgage-backed securities 
 
 available-for-sale securities and available-for-sale securities in an unrealized loss position as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, included in the following tables: 
 
 December 31, 2022 Less than 12 months 12 months or more Total in thousands) Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Obligations of U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises Obligations of states and political subdivisions Agency mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities U.S. Treasury Bills December 31, 2021 Less than 12 months 12 months or more Total in thousands) Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Obligations of U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises Obligations of states and political subdivisions Agency mortgage-backed securities U.S. Treasury Bills 
 
 77 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is excluded from the estimate of expected credit losses. The estimate of expected credit losses considers historical credit loss information adjusted for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the ACL on held-to-maturity securities was million and million, respectively. 
 
 Proceeds from sales 
 
 The Company sold million of available-for-sale securities in January 2023 for a gain of million. 
 
 Other Investments 
 At December 31, 2022, and 2021, other investments totaled million and million, respectively. As a member of the FHLB, the Bank is required to maintain a minimum investment in capital stock with the FHLB consisting of membership stock and activity-based stock. The FHLB capital stock of million, and million at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, is recorded at cost, which represents redemption value, and is included in other investments in the consolidated balance sheets. The remaining amounts in other investments primarily include various investments in SBICs, CDFIs, and the Company s investment in unconsolidated trusts used to issue preferred securities to third parties, see Note 10 Subordinated Debentures. 
 
 78 

NOTE 4 - 
 
 Real estate loans: Commercial - investor owned Commercial - owner occupied Construction and land development Residential Total real estate loans Other Loans, before unearned loan fees Unearned loan fees, net ) ) Loans, including unearned loan fees 
 
 PPP loans totaled million at December 31, 2022, or million net of unearned fees of million. PPP loans totaled million at December 31, 2021, or million net of unearned fees of million. The loan balance includes a net premium on acquired loans of million at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. At December 31, 2022 loans of billion were pledged to the FHLB and the Federal Reserve. 
 
 Loans to executive officers and directors, or to entities in which such individuals had beneficial interests as a shareholder, officer, or director totaled million and million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Such loans were made in the normal course of business on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with other customers and did not involve more than the normal risk of collectibility. 

79 

Provision for loan losses Initial allowance on acquired PCD loans Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Balance, end of year Balance at December 31, 2021 Allowance for loan losses: Balance, beginning of year Provision (benefit) for loan losses ) ) Initial allowance on acquired PCD loans Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Balance, end of year Balance at December 31, 2022 Allowance for credit losses: Balance, beginning of year Provision (benefit) for loan losses ) ) ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Balance, end of year 
 
 The Company recorded a provision benefit of million and a provision for credit losses on loans of million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. An additional provision for credit losses of million and million was recorded in 2022 and 2021, respectively, for HTM securities, unfunded commitments and the recapture of accrued interest on nonaccrual loans. Acquisition-related provision expense of million in 2021 was included in the provision for credit losses. This expense, commonly referred to as the CECL double-count , is recognized when a loan portfolio is acquired. 
 
 The CECL methodology incorporates various economic scenarios. The Company utilizes three forecasts in the model; Moody s baseline, a stronger near-term growth upside and a moderate recession downside forecast. The Company weights these scenarios at 40 , 30 , and 30 , respectively, which added approximately million to the ACL over the baseline model at December 31, 2022. These forecasts at the end of 2022 incorporate an expectation that the Federal Reserve will continue quantitative tightening and raise the federal funds rate further into 2023, and that the pandemic will continue to recede and be less disruptive to global supply chains and labor markets. The Company has also recognized various risks posed by loans in certain segments, including the hospitality and commercial office sectors, by allocating additional reserves to those segments. Some of the key risks to the forecasts that could result in future provision for credit losses are market reactions to the Federal Reserve policy actions that could push the economy into a recession, persistently higher inflation, continued or worsening supply-chain issues, labor supply and job growth worsens, or financial market conditions tighten more than expected. 
 80 

million. Of this amount, approximately million was allocated to Sponsor Finance loans due to their unsecured nature. 

Real estate: Commercial - investor owned Commercial - owner occupied Construction and land development Residential Other Total 
 
 December 31, 2021 in thousands) Non-accrual Restructured, accruing Loans over 90 days past due and still accruing interest Total nonperforming loans Nonaccrual loans with no allowance Commercial and industrial Real estate: Commercial - investor owned Commercial - owner occupied Residential Other Total 

81 

Real estate: Commercial - investor owned Commercial - owner occupied Construction and land development Residential Total 
 
 December 31, 2021 Type of Collateral (in thousands) Commercial Real Estate Residential Real Estate Blanket Lien Commercial and industrial Real estate: Commercial - investor owned Commercial - owner occupied Residential Other Total 
 
 loans were restructured during the year ended 2022. 

Restructured loans primarily resulted from interest rate concessions. As of December 31, 2022, the Company allocated an immaterial amount in specific reserves to loans that have been restructured. 
 
 restructured loans subsequently defaulted during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 82 

Real estate: Commercial - investor owned Commercial - owner occupied Construction and land development Residential Other Loans, before unearned loan fees Unearned loan fees, net ) ) Total 
 
 December 31, 2021 in thousands) 30-89 Days Past Due 90 or More Days Past Due Total Past Due Current Total Commercial and industrial Real estate: Commercial - investor owned Commercial - owner occupied Construction and land development Residential Other Loans, before unearned loan fees Unearned loan fees, net ) ) Total 
 
 The Company categorizes loans into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt, such as current financial information, payment experience, credit documentation, and current economic factors among other factors. This analysis is performed on a quarterly basis. The Company uses the following definitions for risk ratings: 
 Grades 1, 2, and 3 Includes loans to borrowers with a continuous record of strong earnings, sound balance sheet condition and capitalization, ample liquidity with solid cash flow, and whose management team has experience and depth within their industry. 
 Grade 4 Includes loans to borrowers with positive trends in profitability, satisfactory capitalization and balance sheet condition, and sufficient liquidity and cash flow. 
 Grade 5 Includes loans to borrowers that may display fluctuating trends in sales, profitability, capitalization, liquidity, and cash flow. 
 Grade 6 Includes loans to borrowers where an adverse change or perceived weakness has occurred, but may be correctable in the near future. Alternatively, this rating category may also include circumstances where the borrower is starting to reverse a negative trend or condition, or has recently been upgraded from a 7, 8, or 9 rating. 
 Grade 7 Special Mention credits are borrowers that have experienced financial setback of a nature that is not determined to be severe or influence ongoing concern expectations. Although possible, no loss is anticipated, due to strong collateral and/or guarantor support. 
 83 

84 

Special Mention (7) Classified (8-9) Total Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate-investor owned Pass (1-6) Special Mention (7) Classified (8-9) Total Commercial real estate-investor owned Commercial real estate-owner occupied Pass (1-6) Special Mention (7) Classified (8-9) Total Commercial real estate-owner occupied Construction real estate Pass (1-6) Special Mention (7) Classified (8-9) Total Construction real estate Residential real estate Pass (1-6) Special Mention (7) Classified (8-9) Total residential real estate Other Pass (1-6) Special Mention (7) Classified (8-9) Total Other Total loans classified by risk category Total loans classified by performing status Total loans 
 85 

Special Mention (7) Classified (8-9) Total Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate-investor owned Pass (1-6) Special Mention (7) Classified (8-9) Total Commercial real estate-investor owned Commercial real estate-owner occupied Pass (1-6) Special Mention (7) Classified (8-9) Total Commercial real estate-owner occupied Construction real estate Pass (1-6) Special Mention (7) Classified (8-9) Total Construction real estate Residential real estate Pass (1-6) Special Mention (7) Classified (8-9) Total residential real estate Other Pass (1-6) Special Mention (7) Classified (8-9) Total Other Total loans classified by risk category Total loans classified by performing status Total loans 

86 

Real estate: Commercial - investor owned Commercial - owner occupied Construction and land development Residential Other Total 
 December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Performing Non Performing Total Commercial and industrial Real estate: Commercial - investor owned Commercial - owner occupied Construction and land development Residential Other Total 

87 

NOTE 5 - 
 
 years. One lease expires in 2030 and another in 2031. All leases are classified as operating leases. 
 Short-term lease cost Total lease cost 
 
 Payments on operating leases included in the measurement of lease liabilities during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled million and million, respectively. Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations totaled million and million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The additions in 2022 were primarily from lease renewals. The additions in 2021 were primarily from the First Choice acquisition. In 2021, an impairment of million was recognized on right-of-use assets concurrent with the announced closure of certain leased locations. For further discussion see Note 7 Fixed Assets. 
 
 Operating lease liabilities, included in other liabilities Operating leases Weighted average remaining lease term years years Weighted average discount rate 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total operating lease liabilities, payments Less: present value adjustment Operating lease liabilities 
 
 million for each of the twelve months en 
 
 88 

NOTE 6 - 
 
 million, that effectively fixes the interest rate at for the notional amount and has a maturity date of January 1, 2028. In January 2023, the Company entered into another hedge on the prime based loan portfolio with a notional value of million, that effectively fixes the interest rate at for the notional amount and has a maturity date of February 1, 2027. 
 
 In addition, the Company executed a prime based interest rate collar in the fourth quarter 2022 with a notional amount of million. The collar includes a cap of and a floor of . This transaction, commonly referred to as a zero cost collar, involves the Company selling an interest rate cap where payments will be made when the index exceeds the cap rate, and the purchase of a floor where payments will be received if the index falls below the floor. The collar matures on October 1, 2029. 
 
 Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges of variable rate debt involve the receipt of variable amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements. The Company has executed a series of cash flow hedges to fix the effective interest rate for payments due on million of LIBOR-based junior subordinated debentures to a weighted-average-fixed rate of . 
 March 15, 2024 March 30, 2024 March 15, 2026 March 17, 2026 
 
 For derivatives designated and qualified as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk, the gain or loss on the derivative is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and subsequently reclassified into interest income or expense in the same period(s) during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. Amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive income related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest income or expense as interest payments are paid on the hedged items. During the next twelve months, the Company estimates an additional million will be reclassified as a decrease to interest expense and million will be reclassified as a decrease to interest income. 
 89 

Interest rate collar Total Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Interest rate swaps 
 
 90 

Liabilities: Interest rate swaps Interest rate collar Securities sold under agreements to repurchase As of December 31, 2021 Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Statement of Financial Position in thousands) Gross Amounts Recognized Gross Amounts Offset in the Statement of Financial Position Net Amounts of Assets presented in the Statement of Financial Position Financial Instruments Fair Value Collateral Posted Net Amount Assets: Interest rate swaps Liabilities: Interest rate swaps Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
 As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of derivatives in a net liability position, which includes accrued interest but excludes any adjustment for nonperformance risk, related to these agreements was million. The company has minimum collateral posting thresholds with certain of its derivative counterparties and posts collateral related to derivatives in a net liability position. The Company has received cash collateral from counterparties on derivatives that were in a net asset position as noted in the tables above. 
 
 91 

NOTE 7 - 
 
 Buildings and leasehold improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment Less accumulated depreciation and amortization Total fixed assets 
 
 Depreciation and amortization of fixed assets included in noninterest expense amounted to million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 branch locations in California related to the First Choice acquisition. A lease and fixed asset impairment charge of million was recognized and reported in merger-related expenses. Additionally, the Company also commenced the process to close branches in St. Louis and consolidate the operations and customers of these branches with other nearby locations. An impairment charge of million on these branches was recognized in 2021 for buildings, leases and fixed assets. 

NOTE 8 - 
 
 Additions from acquisition Goodwill, end of year 
 
 Additions from acquisition Amortization ) ) Core deposit intangible, net, end of year 
 
 Amortization expense on the core deposit intangibles was million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and million for each of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. The core deposit intangibles are being amortized over a -year period. 
 
 92 

2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 

NOTE 9 - 
 
 Greater than 1 year and less than 2 years Greater than 2 years and less than 3 years Greater than 3 years and less than 4 years Greater than 4 years and less than 5 years Greater than 5 years 
 
 Certificates of deposit balances over the FDIC insurance limit of 250,000 were million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, deposit accounts of executive officers and directors, or to entities in which such individuals had beneficial interests as a shareholder, officer, or director totaled million. 
 
 The Company is a participant in certain networks that offer deposit placement services on a reciprocal basis that qualify large deposits for FDIC insurance. At December 31, 2022, the Company had million of certificates of deposits and million of demand deposits in these reciprocal accounts. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, overdraft deposits of million and million, respectively, were reclassified to loans. 
 93 

NOTE 10 - 
 
 Floats @ 3MO LIBOR + 
 EFSC Capital Trust II Floats @ 3MO LIBOR + 
 EFSC Statutory Trust III Floats @ 3MO LIBOR + 
 EFSC Clayco Statutory Trust II Floats @ 3MO LIBOR + 
 EFSC Statutory Trust IV Floats @ 3MO LIBOR + 
 EFSC Statutory Trust V Floats @ 3MO LIBOR + 
 EFSC Capital Trust VI Floats @ 3MO LIBOR + 
 EFSC Capital Trust VII Floats @ 3MO LIBOR + 
 JEFFCO Stat Trust I Fixed @ 
 JEFFCO Stat Trust II (2) Floats @ 3MO LIBOR + 
 Trinity Capital Trust III (2) Floats @ 3MO LIBOR + 
 Trinity Capital Trust IV Fixed @ 
 Trinity Capital Trust V (2) Floats @ 3MO LIBOR + 
 Total junior subordinated debentures 5.75 Fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes Fixed @ until 
 June 1, 2025, then floats @ Benchmark rate (3 month term SOFR) + 
 Debt issuance costs ) ) Total fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes Total subordinated debentures and notes (1) Callable each quarter after initial call date. (2) Purchase accounting adjustments are reflected in the balance and also impact the effective interest rate. 
 
 The Company has unconsolidated statutory business trusts. These trusts issued preferred securities that were sold to third parties. The sole purpose of the trusts was to invest the proceeds in junior subordinated debentures of the Company that have terms identical to the trust preferred securities. The subordinated debentures, which are the sole assets of the trusts, are subordinate and junior in right of payment to all present and future senior and subordinated indebtedness and certain other financial conditions of the Company. The Company fully and unconditionally guarantees each trust s securities obligations. Under current regulations, the trust preferred securities are included in tier 1 capital for regulatory capital purposes, subject to certain limitations. 
 
 The trust preferred securities are redeemable in whole or in part on or after their respective call dates. Mandatory redemption dates may be shortened if certain conditions are met. The securities are classified as subordinated debentures in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Interest on the subordinated debentures held by the trusts is recorded as interest expense in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company s investment of million at December 31, 2022, in these trusts is included in other investments in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company has fixed the interest rate on a portion of its junior subordinated debentures through a series of interest rate swaps. For further discussion of the interest rate swaps and the corresponding terms, see Note 6 Derivative Financial Instruments. 
 
 On November 1, 2016, the Company issued million of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes. The notes initially bore a fixed annual interest rate of , with interest payable semiannually in arrears on May 1 and November 1 of each year, commencing May 1, 2017. On November 1, 2021, the Company redeemed the 
 94 

million of subordinated debentures at par. A loss of million on the redemption was recognized for the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs. 
 
 million of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due in 2030 in a public offering (the 2030 Notes ). From and including the date of issuance to, but excluding, June 1, 2025, the 2030 Notes will bear interest at a rate equal to per annum, payable semiannually in arrears on each June 1 and December 1. From and including June 1, 2025 to, but excluding, the maturity date or the date of earlier redemption, the 2030 Notes will bear interest at a floating rate per annum equal to a benchmark rate (which is expected to be three-month term SOFR (as defined in the Indenture, dated May 21, 2020, between EFSC and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, and subsequent First Supplemental Indenture)), plus basis points, payable quarterly in arrears on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year, commencing on September 1, 2025. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in event that the benchmark rate is less than zero, then the benchmark rate shall be deemed to be zero. The Company s obligation to make payments of principal and interest on the notes is subordinate and junior in right of payment to all of its senior debt. Current regulatory guidance allows for this subordinated debt to be treated as tier 2 regulatory capital for the first five years of its term, subject to certain limitations, and then phased out of tier 2 capital pro rata over the next five years. 

NOTE 11 - 
 
 billion. The secured line of credit had availability of approximately million at December 31, 2022. 

million with a one-week maturity and million in overnight funds. In August 2019, the Company entered into agreements totaling million for convertible advances with a weighted average rate of and maturity dates in August 2024 that were called during 2022. 

NOTE 12 - 

95 

Average balance during the year Maximum balance outstanding at any month-end Average interest rate during the year Average interest rate at December 31 
 
 Federal Reserve Line 
 The Bank also has a line with the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis which provides additional liquidity to the Company. As of December 31, 2022, billion was available under this line. This line is secured by a pledge of certain eligible loans aggregating billion. There were amounts drawn on the Federal Reserve line of credit as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Other Borrowings 
 The Bank has million of borrowings from various entities related to New Market Tax Credit investments. These notes have varying terms that range from - years. These notes have an interest rate of and are generally interest only for the first years. 
 
 term, maturing on February 22, 2023, allows for borrowings up to million, and had an interest rate of one-month LIBOR plus basis points until February 2022. In February 2022, the Revolving Agreement was renewed for a term and the interest rate was amended to one-month Term SOFR plus basis points. The proceeds can be used for general corporate purposes. The Revolving Agreement is subject to ongoing compliance with a number of customary affirmative and negative covenants as well as specified financial covenants. The revolving credit line was not accessed in 2022 or 2021. 
 
 , million unsecured term loan agreement (the Term Loan with another bank with the proceeds primarily used to fund the company s cash portion of an acquisition in 2019. The interest rate was one-month LIBOR plus basis points until February 2022. In February 2022, the interest rate on the Term Loan was amended to one-month Term SOFR plus basis points. 
 
 A summary of the Term Loan is as follows: 
 December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 Term Loan Average balance during the year Maximum balance outstanding at any month-end Weighted average interest rate during the year Average interest rate at December 31 
 
 96 

NOTE 13 - 

NOTE 14 - 
 
 Tier 1 Capital to Risk Weighted Assets Total Capital to Risk Weighted Assets Leverage Ratio (Tier 1 Capital to Average Assets) 

97 

NOTE 15 - 
 Outstanding RSU s Outstanding options 2018 Stock Incentive Plan Non-Management Director Plan 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan Total 
 
 Common Stock Repurchase Plan 
 In April 2021, the Company s board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to shares of the Company s common stock. As of May 2022, this plan was depleted. In May 2022, the Company s board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to shares of the Company s common stock. The repurchases may be made in open market or privately negotiated transactions and the stock repurchase program will remain in effect until fully utilized or until modified, superseded or terminated. At December 31, 2022, there were shares available for repurchase under the plan. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 The Company has shares of authorized preferred stock with a par value of with shares issued and outstanding at the end of 2022. The Board of Directors has the right to set for each series of preferred stock, subject to the laws of the State of Delaware, the dividend rate, conversion and redemption terms, voting rights and liquidation preferences, among others. In the fourth quarter 2021, the Company issued and sold depositary shares, each representing 1/40th interest in a share of the Company s 5 Noncumulative, Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A Series A Preferred Stock ), totaling million, net of issuance costs. The depositary shares trade under the ticker EFSCP . The Series A Preferred Stock may be redeemed at the Company s option, subject to prior regulatory approval, in whole or in part on any dividend payment date on or after December 15, 2026 or within 90 days following a regulatory capital event, as defined in the offering documents. If any Series A Preferred Stock are redeemed, a proportionate number of depositary shares will also be redeemed. 
 
 Dividends 
 The Company s ability to pay dividends to its shareholders is generally dependent upon the payment of dividends by the Bank to the parent company. The Bank cannot pay dividends to the extent it would be deemed undercapitalized by the FDIC after making such dividend. 
 
 Preferred stock dividends, when and if declared by the board of directors, are payable, quarterly in arrears, on March 15, June 15, September 15 and December 15 of each year. If dividends on the Series A Preferred stock have not been declared or paid in six quarterly periods, whether or not consecutive, the number of directors on the board will automatically be increased by two and the holders of the Series A preferred stock will be entitled to vote for the additional directors. 
 
 Dividends on the Company s capital stock are prohibited under the terms of the junior subordinated debenture agreements, see Note 10 Subordinated Debentures, if the Company is in continuous default on its payment obligations to the capital trusts, has elected to defer interest payments on the debentures or extends the interest payment period. Furthermore, unless dividends on all outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock for the 
 98 

) Net change ) ) Transfer from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Net change ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Net change ) ) ) Transfer from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Reclassification of gain on sale of available-for-sale securities(a) ) ) ) Reclassification of gain on held-to-maturity securities(b) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Change in unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges ) ) ) Reclassification of loss on cash flow hedges(b) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 (a) The pre-tax amount is reported in noninterest income/expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 (b) The pre-tax amount is reported in interest income/expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income, except for a million termination fee in 2020 recognized in noninterest expense. 

99 

million, ) million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested share-based compensation awards. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average term of years. 
 
 Restricted stock units Stock options Employee stock purchase plan Total share-based compensation expense 
 
 Performance Units 
 The Company has entered into long-term incentive agreements with certain key employees. These awards are conditioned on certain performance criteria and market criteria measured against a group of peer banks over a period for each grant. The awards contain minimum (threshold), target, and maximum (exceptional) performance levels. In the event of a change in control, as defined in the plan, the awards will vest at a minimum of the target level. The amount of the awards is determined at the end of the vesting and performance period. The fair value of performance units vesting in 2022, 2021, and 2020 were million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 Maximum shares issuable Unrecognized compensation cost Weighted average grant date fair value 
 
 Maximum Shares Issuable Outstanding at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested (issued 11,275 shares) ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 100 

. Vesting is accelerated upon a change in control or the employee meeting certain retirement criteria. RSUs do not carry voting or dividend rights until vested. Sales of the units are restricted prior to vesting. 
 
 Unrecognized compensation cost Expected years to recognize unearned compensation years years years Weighted average grant date fair value 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 
 Stock Options 
 In determining compensation cost for stock options, the Black-Scholes option-pricing model is used to estimate the fair value on date of grant. The model utilizes several assumptions in its calculations. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield in effect at the time of the grant. The expected term of options granted is based on the option's vesting schedule and expected exercise patterns and represent the period of time options granted are expected to be outstanding. The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company's stock and expected term of the option. The dividend yield is determined by annualizing the dividend rate as a percentage of the Company's stock price. 
 
 Expected Dividend Yield Expected Volatility Expected Term (years) 
 
 Non-qualified stock options have been granted to key employees with exercise prices equal to the market price of the Company s common stock at the date of grant and -year contractual terms. Stock options have a vesting schedule of three to . 
 
 101 

Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 years Exercisable at December 31, 2022 years 
 
 The intrinsic value of options exercised totaled million in 2022. There were options exercised in 2021 or 2020. 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 The Company s Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP provides its eligible employees with an opportunity to purchase common stock through accumulated payroll contributions. The ESPP provides for shares to be purchased at of the lesser of the stock price at the enrollment date or the exercise date. The maximum number of shares of common stock available for sale under the ESPP is . In 2022, 2021, and 2020, employees purchased , , and shares, respectively, and there are remaining shares available under the ESPP at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Stock Plan for Non-Management Directors 
 The Company has adopted a Stock Plan for Non-Management Directors, which provides for issuing up to shares of common stock to non-management directors as compensation. At December 31, 2022, there were shares of stock available for grant under the Stock Plan for Non-Management Directors, exclusive of shares to be issued upon deferral release. 
 
 Weighted average grant date fair value 
 
 401(k) Plan 
 The Company has a 401(k) savings plan which covers substantially all full-time employees over the age of and matches 100 of the first 6 of employee contributions. The amount charged to expense for the Company s contributions to the plan was million, million and million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 The Company has a nonqualified deferred compensation plan that permits certain executives to participate and defer up to of their base salary and/or up to of their eligible bonus for a plan year. Participants make an irrevocable election when they elect to participate for a plan year to receive the vested account balance following their retirement date, or at a future date not less than five years after the beginning of the plan year. At December 31, 2022, the Company had a liability of million related to the deferred compensation plan. 
 
 102 

NOTE 16 - 
 
 State and local Total current Deferred: Federal ) State and local ) ) Total deferred ) Total income tax expense 
 
 Increase (reduction) in income tax resulting from: Tax-exempt interest income, net ) ) ) State and local income taxes, net Bank-owned life insurance ) ) ) Non-deductible expenses Tax benefit of low-income housing tax credit ("LIHTC") investments, net ) ) ) Excess tax benefits ) ) Federal tax credits ) ) ) Non-taxable donation to charitable foundation ) Other, net ) ) Total income tax expense 
 
 The net amount recognized as a component of tax expense for tax credits, other tax benefits, and amortization from LIHTC investments recognized per the table above was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of the investments related to low-income housing tax credits was million and million, respectively. impairment losses have been recognized from forfeiture or ineligibility of tax credits or other circumstances during the life of any of the investments. 

103 

million and million is included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Loans held-for-sale Other real estate Deferred compensation Accrued compensation Unrealized losses on securities, net Net operating losses and tax credits Lease liability accrual Other investments Other deferred tax assets Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Acquired loans Unrealized gains on securities, net Intangible assets Right of use asset Other investments Other deferred tax liabilities Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax asset before valuation allowance Less: valuation allowance Net deferred tax asset 
 
 As part of an acquisition in 2019, the company acquired net operating loss, tax credit, and capital loss deferred tax assets. Net operating losses originated in the years 2012, 2014-2017, and 2019 and will expire in the years between 2032-2037. Tax credit carryforwards originated in years 2010-2015 and will expire in the years between 2030-2035. 
 
 A valuation allowance is provided on deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that some portion of the assets will not be realized. The company determined it was more likely than not that some of the acquired note operating loss and tax credit assets would not be realized and has recognized a valuation allowance of million at both December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the federal jurisdiction and in states. The Company is no longer subject to federal, state or local income tax audits by tax authorities for years before 2017, with the exception of 2016 being an open year by one state taxing authority. Net operating losses generated prior to 2016 that are utilized going forward would still be subject to examination. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits was million and the total amount of net unrecognized tax benefits that would impact the effective tax rate, if recognized, was million. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the total amount of the net unrecognized tax benefits that would impact the effective tax rate, if recognized, was million and million, respectively. The Company believes it is reasonably possible the gross amount of unrecognized benefits will be reduced by approximately million as a result of a 
 104 

months. The Company is under audit by the state of Missouri, and while the Company has concluded it has adequately provided for uncertain tax positions, the outcome of such audits are always uncertain and could result in additional tax expense, though immaterial. 
 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense and classifies such interest and penalties in the liability for unrecognized tax benefits. The amount accrued for interest and penalties was million as of December 31, 2022, million for 2021, and million for 2020. 
 
 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Settlements for tax positions of prior years ) ) Settlements or lapse of statute of limitations ) ) ) Balance at end of year 

NOTE 17 - 
 
 Letters of credit Tax credits Limited partnership commitments 
 
 There was an insignificant amount of unadvanced commitments on impaired loans at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Other liabilities include approximately million for an allowance for credit losses attributable to unadvanced commitments at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments usually have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses, may have significant usage restrictions, and may require payment of a fee. Of the total commitments to extend credit at 
 105 

million and million, respectively, represent fixed rate loan commitments. Since certain of the commitments may expire without being drawn upon or may be revoked, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash obligations. The Company evaluates each customer s credit worthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Company upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of the borrower. Collateral held varies, but may include accounts receivable, inventory, premises and equipment, and real estate. 
 
 Letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. These letters of credit are issued to support contractual obligations of the Company s customers. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as the risk involved in extending loans to customers. The approximate remaining term of letters of credit range from to years at December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company also has off-balance sheet commitments for purchases of tax credits and commitments for various capital raises for limited partnership investments . 

NOTE 18 - 
 
 106 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions Residential mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities U.S. Treasury Bills Total securities available-for-sale Other investments Derivative financial instruments Total assets Liabilities Derivative financial instruments Total liabilities 
 
 December 31, 2021 in thousands) Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Total Fair Value Assets Securities available-for-sale Obligations of U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises Obligations of states and political subdivisions Residential mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities U.S. Treasury Bills Total securities available-for-sale Other investments Derivative financial instruments Total assets Liabilities Derivative financial instruments Total liabilities 
 
 Securities available-for-sale . Securities classified as available-for-sale are reported at fair value utilizing Level 2 inputs. Fair values for Level 2 securities are based upon dealer quotes, market spreads, the U.S. Treasury yield curve, trade execution data, market consensus prepayment speeds, credit information and the bond s terms and conditions at the security level. Changes in fair value are recognized through accumulated other comprehensive income. 
 107 

Loan servicing asset Total 
 
 108 

Other real estate Loan servicing asset Total 

Carrying amount and fair value at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Level 2 Level 2 Other investments Level 2 Level 2 Loans held-for-sale Level 2 Level 2 Loans, net Level 3 Level 3 State tax credits, held-for-sale Level 3 Level 3 Servicing asset Level 2 Level 2 Balance sheet liabilities Certificates of deposit Level 3 Level 3 Subordinated debentures and notes Level 2 Level 2 FHLB advances Level 2 Level 2 Other borrowings Level 2 Level 2 
 
 Limitations 
 Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time based on relevant market information and information about the financial instrument. These estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment, and therefore, cannot be determined with precision. Such estimates include the valuation of loans, goodwill, intangible assets, and other long-lived assets, along with assumptions used in the calculation of income taxes, among others. These estimates and assumptions are based on management s best estimates and judgment. Management evaluates its estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis using experience and other factors, including the current economic environment. Such estimates and assumptions are adjusted when facts and circumstances dictate. Changing real estate values, illiquid credit markets, volatile equity markets, and changes in consumer spending have combined to increase the uncertainty inherent in such estimates and assumptions. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision, actual results could differ significantly from these estimates. Changes in estimates resulting from continuing changes in the economic environment will be reflected in the financial statements in future periods. In addition, these estimates do not reflect any premium or discount that could result from offering for sale the Company s entire holdings of a particular financial instrument at one time. Fair value estimates are based on existing on-balance and off-balance-sheet financial instruments without 
 109 

NOTE 19 - 
 
 Investment in Bank Investment in nonbank subsidiaries Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Subordinated debentures and notes Notes payable Accounts payable and other liabilities Shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

110 

Dividends from nonbank subsidiaries Other Total income Expenses: Interest expense Other expenses Total expenses Income before taxes and equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries Income tax benefit Net income before equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries Net income 
 111 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Share-based compensation Net income of subsidiaries ) ) ) Dividends from subsidiaries Other, net ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds (cash paid) for acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Purchases of other investments ) ) ) Proceeds from distributions on other investments Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of subordinated notes Payments for the redemption of subordinated notes ) Repayment of long-term debt ) ) ) Dividends paid on common stock ) ) ) Payments for the repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock Dividends paid on preferred stock ) Other Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Noncash transactions: Common shares issued in connection with acquisitions 
 112 

NOTE 20 - 
 
 Bank-owned life insurance Other income Total other noninterest income Other expense: Amortization of intangibles Banking expenses Deposit costs FDIC and other insurance Loan, legal expenses Outside services Other expenses Total other noninterest expenses 

113 

ITEM 9: CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A: CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Act as of December 31, 2022. Based upon this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of December 31, 2022, such disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management (including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer) to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure, and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 
 
 Management s Assessment of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) under the Act). The Company s internal control system is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. 
 
 The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets; provide reasonable assurances that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of the Company; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or untimely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the Company s financial statements. 
 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial reporting. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of any system of internal control may vary over time. The design of any internal control system also factors in resource constraints and consideration for the benefit of the control relative to the cost of implementing the control. Because of these inherent limitations in any system of internal control, management cannot provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud within the Company have been detected. 
 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Management has concluded that the Company maintained an effective system of internal control over financial reporting based on these criteria as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company s independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, who audited the consolidated financial statements, has issued an audit report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, and it is included herein. 
 
 114 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Act) that occurred during the Company s quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B: OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9C: DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 

ITEM 10: DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the Board and Committee Information and Executive Officer sections of the Company s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, not later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Governance: 
 The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to all of its directors and employees, including the principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. A copy of the Code of Ethics is available on the Company s website at www.enterprisebank.com. 

ITEM 11: EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the Executive Compensation section of the Company s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, not later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 115 

ITEM 12: SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The following table provides information regarding the securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 
 Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 721,571 46.12 894,007 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 721,571 46.12 894,007 
 
 (a) Includes the following: 
 269,868 shares of common stock to be issued upon vesting of outstanding restricted stock units under the 2018 Stock Incentive Plan; 
 209,702 shares of common stock to be issued upon vesting of outstanding performance units under the 2018 Stock Incentive Plan; 
 222,032 shares of common stock to be issued upon exercise of outstanding non-qualified stock options; and 
 19,969 shares of common stock to be issued upon deferral release of common stock under the Non-Management Director Stock Plan. 
 
 (b) Includes the following: 
 price only applicable to the outstanding non-qualified stock options. 
 
 (c) Includes the following: 
 342,157 shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2018 Stock Incentive Plan; 
 35,909 shares of common stock available for issuance under the Non-Management Director Stock Plan; and 
 515,941 shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 
 Additional information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the Information Regarding Beneficial Ownership section of the Company s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, not later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 13: CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the Related Person Transactions section of the Company s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, not later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 116 

ITEM 14: PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the Fees Paid to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm section of the Company s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, not later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 117 

PART IV 

ITEM 15: EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) 1. Financial Statements 
 
 The following consolidated financial statements of Enterprise Financial Services Corp and its subsidiaries and independent auditors reports are included in Part II, Item 8, of this Form 10-K and are incorporated by reference from Part II, Item 8 hereof: 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 All financial statement schedules have been omitted, as they are either inapplicable or included in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 3. Exhibits 
 
 No. Description 
 
 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated August 20, 2020 by and among Enterprise Financial Services Corp, Enterprise Bank Trust, Seacoast Commerce Banc Holdings and Seacoast Commerce Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 21, 2020 (File No. 001-15373)). 
 
 2.2 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated April 26, 2021 by and among Enterprise Financial Services Corp, Enterprise Bank Trust, First Choice Bancorp and First Choice Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 26, 20210 (File No. 001-15373)). 
 
 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant, (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 16, 1996 (File No. 333-14737)). 
 
 3.2 Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on July 1, 1999 (File No. 333-82087)). 
 
 3.3 Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 1999 (File No. 001-15373)). 
 
 3.4 Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 30, 2002 (File No. 001-15373)). 
 
 3.5 Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to Registrant's Proxy Statement on Form 14-A filed on November 20, 2008 (File No. 001-15373)). 
 118 

3.6 Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending June 30, 2014 (File No. 001-15373)). 
 
 3.7 Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.8 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on July 26, 2019 (File No. 001-15373)). 
 
 3.8 Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix C to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A filed on June 2, 2021 (File No. 333-256265)). 
 
 3.9 Certificate of Designations of Registrant for Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A, dated December 17, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2008 (File No. 001-15373)). 
 
 3.10 Certificate of Elimination of Registrant s Certificate of Designation, Preferences, and Rights of the Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A, dated November 9, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 9, 2021 (File No. 001-15373)). 
 
 3.11 Certificate of Designation of Registrant of Fixed Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A, dated November 16, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 17, 2021 (File No. 001-15373)). 
 
 3.12 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 12, 2015 (File No. 001-15373)). 
 
 4.1+ Description of Registrant s Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant's Report on Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2022 (File No. 001-15373)). 
 
 4.2 Long-term borrowing instruments are omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K. The Company undertakes to furnish copies of such instruments to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 
 10.1.1 Executive Employment Agreement by and between Enterprise Financial Services Corp and James B. Lally, dated May 2, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Registrant, filed with the Commission on June 6, 2017 (File No. 001-15373)). 
 
 10.1.2 Executive Employment Agreement dated September 13, 2013 by and between Enterprise Financial Services Corp and Keene S. Turner (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2013 (File No. 001-15373)) , amended by that First Amendment of Executive Employment Agreement dated as of February 27, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1.7 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2015 (File No. 001-15373)), and amended by that Second Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement dated as of October 29, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2015 (File No. 001-15373)). 

119 

10.1.3 Executive Employment Agreement dated effective January 1, 2005 by and between Enterprise Financial Services Corp and Scott R. Goodman, amended by that First Amendment of Executive Employment Agreement dated as of December 31, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1.5 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2013 (File 001-15373)), and amended by that Second Amendment of Executive Employment Agreement dated October 11, 2013 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1.5 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 17, 2014 (File 001-15373)). 
 
 10.1.4 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement dated as of October 24, 2019 by and between Enterprise Financial Services Corp and Douglas N. Bauche (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant, filed with the Commission on October 25, 2019 (File No. 001-15373)). 
 
 10.1.5 Executive Employment Agreement dated as of October 24, 2019 by and between Enterprise Financial Services Corp and Nicole M. Iannacone (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant, filed with the Commission on October 25, 2019 (File No. 001-15373)). 
 
 10.1.6 Executive Employment Agreement dated as of October 24, 2019 by and between Enterprise Financial Services Corp and Mark G. Ponder (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant, filed with the Commission on October 25, 2019 (File No. 001-15373)). 
 
 10.1.7 Enterprise Financial Services Corp Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan I dated effective as of December 31, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Registrant's Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 001-15373)). 
 
 10.1.8 Enterprise Financial Services Corp Stock Plan for Non-Management Directors (incorporated herein by reference to Registrant s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14-A filed on March 7, 2006, as amended on Schedule 14A filed on April 23, 2012 (File No. 001-15373), and as amended on Schedule 14A filed on April 17, 2019 (File No. 001-15373)). 
 
 10.1.9 + Enterprise Financial Services Corp 2023 Annual Incentive Plan. 
 
 10.1.10 Enterprise Financial Services Corp Amended and Restated 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to Registrant s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed on March 14, 2018 (File No. 001-15373)). 
 
 10.1.11 Enterprise Financial Services Corp 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix B to Registrant s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed on March 14, 2018 (File No. 001-15373)). 
 
 10.1.12 Form of Enterprise Financial Services Corp LTIP Grant Agreement, pursuant to Amended and Restated 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2018 (File No. 001-15373)). 
 
 10.1.13 Form of Enterprise Financial Services Corp Stock Option Award Agreement, pursuant to Amended and Restated 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1.14 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 19, 2021 (File No. 001-15373)). 
 
 10.1.14 Enterprise Financial Services Corp Amendment to the Amended and Restated 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to Registrant s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed on March 17, 2021 (File No. 001-15373)). 
 
 21.1+ Subsidiaries of Registrant. 
 
 23.1+ Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP. 
 
 24.1+ Power of Attorney. 
 120 

31.1+ Chief Executive Officer s Certification required by Rule 13(a)-14(a). 
 
 31.2+ Chief Financial Officer s Certification required by Rule 13(a)-14(a). 
 
 32.1+ Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2+ Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101+ Pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T, the following financial information from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, is formatted in Inline XBRL interactive data files: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020; and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 104+ The cover page of Enterprise Financial Services Corp s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL (contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 + Filed herewith 
 
 (b) The exhibits not incorporated by reference herein are filed herewith. 
 
 (c) The financial statement schedules are either included in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements or omitted if inapplicable. 

ITEM 16: FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 121 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on February 24, 2023. 
 
 ENTERPRISE FINANCIAL SERVICES CORP 
 
 /s/ James B. Lally James B. Lally Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 122 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on February 24, 2023. 
 Signatures Title /s/ James B. Lally Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) James B. Lally /s/ Keene S. Turner Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Keene S. Turner /s/ Troy R. Dumlao Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) Troy R. Dumlao /s/ John S. Eulich John S. Eulich Chairman of the Board of Directors /s/ Lyne B. Andrich Lyne B. Andrich Director /s/ Michael A. DeCola Michael A. DeCola Director /s/ Robert E. Guest, Jr. Robert E. Guest, Jr. Director /s/ James M. Havel James M. Havel Director /s/ Michael R. Holmes Michael R. Holmes Director /s/ Peter H. Hui Peter H. Hui Director /s/ Nevada A. Kent, IV Nevada A. Kent, IV Director /s/ Marcela Manjarrez Marcela Manjarrez Director /s/ Stephen P. Marsh Stephen P. Marsh Director /s/ Daniel A. Rodrigues Daniel A. Rodrigues Director /s/ Richard M. Sanborn Richard M. Sanborn Director /s/ Eloise E. Schmitz Eloise E. Schmitz Director /s/ Sandra A. Van Trease Sandra A. Van Trease Director /s/ Lina A. Young Lina A. Young Director 
 By: /s/ Keene S. Turner 
 Keene S. Turner 
 Attorney-In-Fact 
 February 24, 2023 
 
 123 

<EX-10.1 9>
 2
 a20221231-ex1019.htm
 EX-10.1 9

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.1.9 
 
 ENTERPRISE FINANCIAL SERVICES CORP 
 2023 ANNUAL INCENTIVE PLAN 
 I. PURPOSE 
 The purpose of the Enterprise Financial Services Corp 2023 Annual Incentive Plan is to provide an annual incentive program for selected key executives which is based upon specific performance criteria established for a given Fiscal Year. In particular, this program is designed to (a) provide an annual incentive whereby a significant portion of such executives Fiscal Year compensation is based on their efforts in achieving the performance objectives of the Company and or its subsidiaries or divisions and (b) attract, motivate and retain key executives on a competitive basis in which total compensation levels are closely linked to the accomplishment of the Company s financial and strategic objectives. 
 
 II. DEFINITIONS 
 The following words shall have the following meanings unless the context clearly requires otherwise 
 
 Annual Incentive Award or Award means the amount of compensation payable to a Participant under the Program. 
 
 Board of Directors means the Board of Directors of Enterprise Financial Services Corp. 
 
 Change of Control means (i) any person (as that term is used in Sections 13 and 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act other than a Permitted Holder (as defined below) being or becoming the beneficial owner (as that term is used in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of 50 or more of either the outstanding shares of Common Stock or the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally, (ii) during any period of two consecutive years, individuals who constitute the Board of Directors of the Company at the beginning of such period ceasing for any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof, unless the election or the nomination for election by the Company s stockholders of each new director was approved by a vote of at least three-quarters of the directors then still in office who were directors at the beginning of the period or (iii) the liquidation or dissolution of the Company or a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company. No merger, consolidation or corporate reorganization in which the owners of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally prior to said combination, own 50 or more of the resulting entity s outstanding voting securities shall, by itself, be considered a Change in Control. As used herein, Permitted Holder means (i) the Company, (ii) any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity controlled by the Company and (iii) any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any such controlled entity. 
 
 Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Enterprise Financial Services Corp. 
 
 Company means Enterprise Financial Services Corp, a Delaware corporation. 
 
 Covered Employee means any executive officer of the Company whom the Committee designates as a Participant for a Fiscal Year. 
 
 Fiscal Year means the Fiscal Year of the Company which is currently the twelve-month period ending December 31. 
 
 Participant means an executive officer of the Company whom the Committee designates to receive an Award for a Fiscal Year. 
 
 Program means this Enterprise Financial Services Corp 2023 Annual Incentive Plan. 

Subsidiary means any corporation more than 50 of whose stock is owned directly or indirectly by the Company. 
 
 III. ELIGIBILITY 
 Participation in the Program shall be limited to those executive officers of the Company as the Committee shall determine. Additions or deletions to the Program during a Fiscal Year shall be made only in the event of an unusual circumstances, such as a promotion or new hire. 
 
 IV. DETERMINATION OF ANNUAL INCENTIVE AWARDS 
 Annual Incentive Awards to Covered Employees shall be based upon the accomplishment of specific performance objectives. Performance objectives need not be the same in respect to all Participants and may be established separately for the Company as a whole or for its various groups, divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates. Each of the performance criteria is to be specifically defined in writing by the Committee and may include or exclude specified items of an unusual or nonrecurring nature. No Award shall be paid to any Covered Employee if the applicable performance objective(s) are not achieved or if the Program is not approved by stockholders of the Company. In no event shall the total amount of an Award paid to any Covered Employee in any Fiscal Year exceed three million dollars. 
 
 As soon as practicable after the end of each fiscal year, Annual Incentive Awards for each Participant for such Fiscal Year shall be determined by the Committee. The Committee shall certify in writing the achievement of the applicable performance objective(s) and the amount of any Awards payable to Covered Employees. 
 
 V. TIME FOR PAYMENTS 
 Annual Incentive Awards will normally be paid by February 28 following the end of each Fiscal Year. However, each Participant shall have the right to elect to defer all or part of his payment under the Award (a) for a stated number of years, or (b) until his termination of employment. Such election must be made no later than the December 31 st of the Fiscal Year with respect to which the Annual Incentive Award is granted, by filing with the Company an executed election form supplied by the Company. The election may be revoked only by the filing with the Company of a written revocation on or before the December 31 st of such Fiscal Year. 
 
 A Participant who elects to defer payment for a stated number of years or until his termination of employment may elect to have the deferred amount invested in various investment options offered by the Company. 
 
 VI. METHOD OF PAYMENT OF DEFERRED AMOUNTS 
 A Participant who has elected to defer payment of all or part of his Annual Incentive Award for a stated number of years or until his termination of employment may elect, on a form supplied by the Company, to receive payment of his deferred amounts in a lump sum or in substantially equal annual installments not exceeding ten years. Such election must be filed with the Company at least 30 days prior to the time the lump-sum payment would otherwise be made. 
 
 Payment of amounts deferred until termination of employment will commence no later than 90 days after the end of the Fiscal Year in which the Participant terminates his employment. Payment of all other deferred amounts will commence as soon as practicable after the expiration of the deferral period. 
 
 If a Participant dies prior to receiving the entire amounts due under the Program, the remaining unpaid amounts will be paid in a lump sum to his beneficiary within 90 days after the end of the Fiscal Year in which is death occurs. 
 
 Each Participant shall have the right to designate a beneficiary, and to change such beneficiary from time to time, by filing a request in writing with the Executive Compensation Executive. In the event he shall not have so designated a beneficiary, or in the event a beneficiary so designated shall predecease him, the amounts otherwise payable to such beneficiary shall be paid to the Participant s executors or administrators. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything else contained in the Program, in the event of a Change of Control, all payments deferred under the Program, and all unpaid installments of benefits then being paid, shall be paid, at the Participant s election made at the time he makes his initial deferral election under Section V, either, (a) upon 

the Change of Control or (b) upon the Participant s termination of employment occurring after the Change of Control in a single lump sum. Provided, that a Participant may elect, at the time he makes his method of payment election under this Section VI, to have his benefit paid in substantially equal annual installments not exceeding ten years in accordance with the first paragraph of this Section VI. 
 
 VII. ADMINISTRATION OF THE PROGRAM 
 The overall administration and control of the Program, including final determination of Annual Incentive Awards to each Participant, is the responsibility of the Committee. 
 
 VIII. VESTING 
 A Participant must be in the employ of the Company or a Subsidiary through the last day of the Fiscal Year with respect to which an Annual Incentive Award is granted in order to be considered for the grant of such an Award by the Committee. He must also (subject to specific Committee action to the contrary as hereinafter set forth in this Section VIII) be an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary (1) on the date the award is payable pursuant to Section, or (2) on January 15 following the end of such Fiscal Year, if payment is deferred pursuant to Section V. The final determination as to Awards to be granted, and if so, the amount of such Awards, shall be made by the Committee. Subject to Section IV, and in accordance with this Section VIII, in a Subsidiary, before or after the end of the Fiscal Year for any reason, including, but not limited to, retirement, disability, or death, the Committee shall have the sole discretion as to whether any such Award shall be paid, and, if so, the amount of such payment. 
 
 IX. AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION 
 The Program may be amended or terminated at any time by action of the Committee. 
 
 X. MISCELLANEOUS 
 All payments under the Program shall be made from the general assets of the Company or a Subsidiary. To the extent any person acquires a right to receive payments under the Program, such right shall be no greater than that of an unsecured general creditor of the Company or Subsidiary. 
 
 Nothing contained in the Program and no action taken pursuant thereto shall create or be construed to create a trust of any kind, or a fiduciary relationship between the Company or a Subsidiary and any other person. 
 
 No amount payable under the Program shall be subject to any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance or charge, either voluntary or involuntary, and any attempt to so alienate, anticipate, sell, transfer, assign, pledge, encumber or charge the same shall be null and void. No such amount shall be liable for or subject to the debts, contracts, liabilities, engagements, or torts of any person to whom such benefits or funds are or may be payable. 
 
 Nothing contained in the Program shall be construed as conferring upon any Participant the right to continue in the employ of the Company or a Subsidiary not to limit the right of his employer to discharge him at any time, with or without cause. 
 
 The Program shall be construed and administered in accordance with the laws of the State of Missouri. 
 Approved by the Board of Directors on the 10th day of February, 2023. 

</EX-10.1 9>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 a20221231-ex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 
 Company State of Organization Enterprise Bank & Trust Missouri Enterprise Real Estate Mortgage Company, LLC Missouri Enterprise IHC, LLC Missouri Enterprise Portfolio Holdings, Inc. Nevada 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 a20221231-ex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-136230, 333-148328, 333-152985, 333-183177, 333-192497, 333-215345, 333-226407, 333-192497, and 333-258962 on Form S-8, and 333-237612 on Form S-3 of our report dated February 24, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements of Enterprise Financial Services Corp and subsidiaries (the Company ), and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 St. Louis, Missouri 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24.1>
 5
 a20221231-ex241.htm
 EX-24.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 24.1 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 The undersigned members of the Board of Directors and Executive Officers of Enterprise Financial Services Corp, a Delaware corporation (the Company hereby appoint Keene S. Turner or James Lally as their Attorney-in-Fact for the purpose of signing the Company's Securities Exchange Commission Form 10-K (and any amendments thereto) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Signature Title Date s John S. Eulich Chairman of the Board of Directors February 24, 2023 John S. Eulich s Lyne B. Andrich Director February 24, 2023 Lyne B. Andrich s Michael A. DeCola Director February 24, 2023 Michael A. DeCola s Robert E. Guest, Jr. Director February 24, 2023 Robert E. Guest, Jr. s James M. Havel Director February 24, 2023 James M. Havel s Michael R. Holmes Director February 24, 2023 Michael R. Holmes s Peter H. Hui Director February 24, 2023 Peter H. Hui s Nevada A. Kent, IV Director February 24, 2023 Nevada A. Kent, IV s Marcela Manjarrez Director February 24, 2023 Marcela Manjarrez s Stephen P. Marsh Director February 24, 2023 Stephen P. Marsh s Daniel A. Rodrigues Director February 24, 2023 Daniel A. Rodrigues s Richard M. Sanborn Director February 24, 2023 Richard M. Sanborn s Eloise E. Schmitz Director February 24, 2023 Eloise E. Schmitz s Sandra A. Van Trease Director February 24, 2023 Sandra A. Van Trease s Lina A. Young Director February 24, 2023 Lina A. Young 

</EX-24.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 a20221231-ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 I, James B. Lally, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Enterprise Financial Services Corp 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

By s James B. Lally Date February 24, 2023 James B. Lally Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 a20221231-ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 I, Keene S. Turner, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Enterprise Financial Services Corp 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 By s Keene S. Turner Date February 24, 2023 Keene S. Turner Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 a20221231-ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Enterprise Financial Services Corp (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, James B. Lally, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge and belief, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as enacted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s James B. Lally 
 James B. Lally 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 a20221231-ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Enterprise Financial Services Corp (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Keene S. Turner, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge and belief, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as enacted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Keene S. Turner 
 Keene S. Turner 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 efsc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 efsc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 efsc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 efsc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 efsc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

