<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230221_10-K_edgar_data_1717547_0001717547-23-000009.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>25483763</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>865162</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3284366</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10117140</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5634581</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5087315</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001717547-23-000009.hdr.sgml : 20230221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230221161859
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001717547-23-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		142
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BrightSpire Capital, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001717547
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				384046290
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38377
		FILM NUMBER:		23648421

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		590 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		33RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-547-2631

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		590 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		33RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Colony Credit Real Estate, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180621

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Colony NorthStar Credit Real Estate, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170920

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001717547-23-000009.txt : 20230221

10-K
 1
 brsp-20221231.htm
 10-K

brsp-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices, Including Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12 (g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Table of Contents 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of 
 the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 
 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, was approximately million. As of February 17, 2023, BrightSpire Capital, Inc. had shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.01 per share, outstanding 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 FORM 10-K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Index Page PART I Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 12 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 39 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 40 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 40 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 40 
 PART II Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 41 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 42 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 43 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 74 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 76 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 76 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 76 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 79 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 106 
 PART III Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 107 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 107 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 107 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 107 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 107 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 F-1 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 Exhibit Index 
 Signatures 

Table of Contents 

 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, should, expects, intends, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, or potential or the negative of these words and phrases or similar words or phrases which are predictions of or indicate future events or trends and which do not relate solely to historical matters. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control, and may cause actual results to differ significantly from those expressed in any forward-looking statement. 
 Currently, one of the most significant factors that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially from our forward-looking statements is the adverse effect of the ongoing coronavirus, or COVID-19, pandemic on the financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and performance of the Company, its borrowers and tenants, the real estate market and the global economy and financial markets. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts us, our borrowers and our tenants will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including, among others, the scope and severity of the pandemic, the actions taken to contain the pandemic or mitigate its impact and the direct and indirect economic effects of the pandemic and containment measures. 
 Among others, the following uncertainties and other factors could cause actual results to differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements: 
 operating costs and business disruption may be greater than expected; 
 the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, such as changes in consumer behavior and corporate policies that have affected the use of and demand for traditional retail, hotel and office space, has had and may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition; 
 we depend on borrowers and tenants for a substantial portion of our revenue and, accordingly, our revenue and our ability to make distributions to stockholders will be dependent upon the success and economic viability of such borrowers and tenants; 
 rising interest rates may adversely impact the value of our variable-rate investments, result in higher interest expense and in disruptions to our borrowers and tenants ability to finance their activities, on whom we depend for a substantial portion of our revenue; 
 deterioration in the performance of the properties securing our investments (including depletion of interest and other reserves or payment-in-kind concessions in lieu of current interest payment obligations , population shifts and migration, or reduced demand for office, multifamily, hospitality or retail space) may cause deterioration in the performance of our investments and, potentially, principal losses to us; 
 the fair value of our investments may be subject to uncertainties including impacts associated with accelerating inflationary trends, recent and potential further interest rate increases, the volatility of interest rates, credit spreads and the transition from LIBOR to SOFR, and increased market volatility affecting commercial real estate businesses and public securities; 
 our use of leverage and interest rate mismatches between our assets and borrowings could hinder our ability to make distributions and may significantly impact our liquidity position; 
 the ability to realize substantial efficiencies as well as anticipated strategic and financial benefits, including, but not limited to expected returns on equity and/or yields on investments; 
 adverse impacts on our corporate revolver, including covenant compliance and borrowing base capacity; 
 adverse impacts on our liquidity, including available capacity under and margin calls on master repurchase facilities, debt service or lease payment defaults or deferrals, demands for protective advances and capital expenditures; 
 our real estate investments are relatively illiquid and we may not be able to vary our portfolio in response to changes in economic and other conditions, which may result in losses to us; 
 the timing of and ability to deploy available capital; 
 we have not established a minimum distribution payment level, and we cannot assure you of our ability to pay distributions in the future; 
 the timing of and ability to complete repurchases of our stock; 
 we are subject to risks associated with obtaining mortgage financing on our real estate, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to make distributions to stockholders; and 
 the impact of legislative, regulatory, tax and competitive changes, regime changes and the actions of governmental authorities, and in particular those affecting the commercial real estate finance and mortgage industry or our business; and 

2 

Table of Contents 

 the impact of increasing geopolitical uncertainty and unforeseen public health crises such as the COVID-19 pandemic on the real estate market. 
 The foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive, and many of these risks are heightened as a result of the ongoing and numerous adverse impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. We urge you to carefully review the disclosures we make concerning risks in the sections entitled Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations herein. 
 We caution investors not to unduly rely on any forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company is under no duty to update any of these forward-looking statements after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, nor to conform prior statements to actual results or revised expectations, and the Company does not intend to do so. 
 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 Our business is subject to a number of risks, including risks that may prevent us from achieving our business objectives or may adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. These risks are discussed more fully in Item 1A. Risk Factors. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 Risks Related to COVID-19 
 The ongoing coronavirus pandemic, measures intended to prevent its spread and government actions to mitigate its economic impact have had an may continue to have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our inability to access funding or the terms on which such funding is available could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, particularly in light of ongoing market dislocations resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Risks Related to Our Company and Our Structure 
 We have not established a minimum distribution payment level, and we cannot assure you of our ability to pay distributions in the future. 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law may limit the ability of a third party to acquire control of us. 
 Ownership limitations may delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in our control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Our Investments 
 The real estate investment business is highly competitive and our success depends on our ability to compete, including attracting and retaining qualified executives and key personnel in our vertically integrated investment and asset management business structure. 
 The mezzanine loan assets that we have acquired and may acquire in the future will involve greater risks of loss than senior loans secured by income-producing properties. 
 Any distressed loans or investments we make, or loans and investments that later become distressed, may subject us to losses and other risks relating to bankruptcy proceedings. 
 We invest in preferred equity interests, which involve a greater risk than conventional senior, junior or mezzanine debt financing. 
 We invest in commercial properties subject to net leases, which could subject us to losses. 
 We invest in CRE securities, including CMBS and collateralized debt obligations CDOs ), which entail certain heightened risks and are subject to losses. 
 Inflation, along with government measures to control inflation, may have an adverse effect on our investments. 
 Shifts in consumer patterns, work from home policies as a result of and advances in communication and information technology that affect the use of traditional retail, hotel and office space may have an adverse impact on the value of certain of our debt and equity investments. 
 Most of the commercial mortgage loans that we originate or acquire are non-recourse loans. 
 We may be subject to risks associated with future advance or capital expenditure obligations, such as declining real estate values and operating performance. 

3 

Table of Contents 

 We have invested in, and may continue to invest in, certain assets with lower credit quality, which will increase our risk of losses and may reduce distributions to stockholders and may adversely affect the value of our common stock. 
 The due diligence process that we undertake in regard to investment opportunities may not reveal all facts that may be relevant in connection with an investment and if we incorrectly evaluate the risks of our investments, we may experience losses. 
 Because real estate investments are relatively illiquid, we may not be able to vary our portfolio in response to changes in economic and other conditions, which may result in losses to us. 
 Our operations in Europe and elsewhere expose our business to risks inherent in conducting business in foreign markets. 
 Risks Related to Our Financing Strategy 
 Our indebtedness may subject us to increased risk of loss and could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our master repurchase agreements impose, and additional lending facilities may impose, restrictive covenants, which would restrict our flexibility to determine our operating policies and investment strategy and to conduct our business. 
 Interest rate fluctuations could reduce our ability to generate income on our investments and may cause losses. 
 Hedging against interest rate and currency exposure, and conversely, closing out of such hedges, may adversely affect our earnings, limit our gains or result in losses, which could adversely affect cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Risks Related to Regulatory Matters 
 The loss of our Investment Company Act exclusion could require us to register as an investment company or substantially change the way we conduct our business, either of which may have an adverse effect on us and the value of our common stock. 
 We, through our subsidiary, are subject to extensive regulation, including as an investment adviser in the United States, which could adversely affect our ability to manage our business. 
 Risks Related to Taxation 
 We may pay taxable dividends in our common stock and cash, in which case stockholders may sell shares of our common stock to pay tax on such dividends, placing downward pressure on the market price of our common stock. 
 Our qualification as a REIT involves complying with highly technical and complex provisions of the Code. 
 We may incur adverse tax consequences if NorthStar I or NorthStar II were to have failed to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes prior to the Mergers. 
 Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for the preferential tax rates available for some dividends. 
 REIT distribution requirements could adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan. 
 Even if we continue to qualify as a REIT, we may face other tax liabilities that reduce our cash available for distribution to stockholders. 
 Complying with REIT requirements may force us to forgo and/or liquidate otherwise attractive investment opportunities. 
 The taxable mortgage pool rules may increase the taxes that we or our stockholders may incur, and may limit the manner in which we effect future securitizations. 
 Complying with REIT requirements may limit our ability to hedge effectively and may cause us to incur tax liabilities. 
 There is a risk of changes in the tax law applicable to REITs. 
 Our ownership of assets and conduct of operations through our TRSs is limited and involves certain risks for us. 

4 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Our Company 
 References to we, us, our, or the Company refer to BrightSpire Capital, Inc., a Maryland corporation, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context specifically requires otherwise. References to the OP refer to BrightSpire Capital Operating Company, LLC a Delaware limited liability company, the operating company of the Company. References to Digital Bridge refers to DigitalBridge Group, Inc., formerly known as Colony Capital, Inc. a Maryland corporation, and its subsidiaries. 
 We are a commercial real estate CRE credit real estate investment trust REIT focused on originating, acquiring, financing and managing a diversified portfolio consisting primarily of CRE debt investments and net leased properties predominantly in the United States. CRE debt investments primarily consist of first mortgage loans, which is our primary investment strategy. Additionally, we may also selectively originate mezzanine loans and preferred equity investments, which may include profit participations. The mezzanine loans and preferred equity investments may be in conjunction with our origination of corresponding first mortgages on the same properties. Net leased properties consist of CRE properties with long-term leases to tenants on a net-lease basis, where such tenants generally will be responsible for property operating expenses such as insurance, utilities, maintenance capital expenditures and real estate taxes. We will continue to target net leased equity investments on a selective basis. 
 We were organized in the state of Maryland on August 23, 2017 and maintain key offices in New York, New York and Los Angeles, California. We elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, beginning with our taxable year ended December 31, 2018. We conduct all our activities and hold substantially all our assets and liabilities through our operating subsidiary, BrightSpire Capital Operating Company, LLC. At March 31, 2022, we owned 97.7 of the OP, as its sole managing member. The remaining 2.3 was owned as noncontrolling interest. During the three months ended June 30, 2022, we redeemed the 2.3 outstanding membership units in the OP for 25.4 million. Following this redemption, there were no noncontrolling interests in the OP. 
 
 Our Investment Strategy 
 Our objective is to generate consistent and attractive risk-adjusted returns to our stockholders. We seek to achieve this objective primarily through cash distributions and the preservation of invested capital. We believe our investment strategy provides flexibility through economic cycles to achieve attractive risk-adjusted returns. This approach is driven by a disciplined investment strategy, focused on: 
 leveraging long standing relationships, our organization structure and the experience of the team; 
 the underlying real estate and market dynamics to identify investments with attractive risk-return profiles; 
 primarily originating and structuring CRE senior loans and selective investments in mezzanine loans and preferred equity with attractive return profiles relative to the underlying value and financial operating performance of the real estate collateral, given the strength and quality of the sponsorship; 
 structuring transactions with a prudent amount of leverage, if any, given the risk of the underlying asset s cash flows, attempting to match the structure and duration of the financing with the underlying asset s cash flows, including through the use of hedges, as appropriate; and 
 operating our net leased real estate investments and selectively pursuing new investments based on property location and purpose, tenant credit quality, market lease rates and potential appreciation of, and alternative uses for, the real estate. 
 The period for which we intend to hold our investments will vary depending on the type of asset, interest rates, investment performance, micro and macro real estate environment, capital markets and credit availability, among other factors. We generally expect to hold debt investments until the stated maturity and equity investments in accordance with each investment s proposed business plan. We may sell all or a partial ownership interest in an investment before the end of the expected holding period if we believe that market conditions have maximized its value to us, or the sale of the asset would otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 Our investment strategy is flexible, enabling us to adapt to shifts in economic, real estate and capital market conditions and to exploit market inefficiencies. We may expand or change our investment strategy or target assets over time in response to opportunities available in different economic and capital market conditions. This flexibility in our investment strategy allows us to employ a customized, solutions-oriented approach, which we believe is attractive to borrowers and tenants. We believe that our diverse portfolio, our ability to originate, acquire and manage our target assets and the flexibility of our investment strategy 

5 

Table of Contents 

 positions us to capitalize on market inefficiencies and generate attractive long-term risk-adjusted returns for our stockholders through a variety of market conditions and economic cycles. 
 
 Our Target Assets 
 Our investment strategy is to originate and selectively acquire our target assets, which consist of the following: 
 Senior Loans. Our primary focus is originating and selectively acquiring senior loans that are backed by CRE assets. These loans are secured by a first mortgage lien on a commercial property and provide mortgage financing to a commercial property developer or owner. The loans may vary in duration, bear interest at a fixed or floating rate and amortize, if at all, over varying periods, often with a balloon payment of principal at maturity. Senior loans may include junior participations in our originated senior loans for which we have syndicated the senior participations to other investors and retained the junior participations for our portfolio. We believe these junior participations are more like the senior loans we originate than other loan types given their credit quality and risk profile. 
 Mezzanine Loans. We may originate or acquire mezzanine loans, which are structurally subordinate to senior loans, but senior to the borrower s equity position. Generally, we will originate or acquire these loans if we believe we have the ability to protect our position and fund the first mortgage, if necessary. Mezzanine loans may be structured such that our return accrues and is added to the principal amount rather than paid on a current basis. We may also pursue equity participation opportunities in instances when the risk-reward characteristics of the investment warrant additional upside participation in the possible appreciation in value of the underlying assets securing the investment. 
 Preferred Equity. We may make investments that are subordinate to senior and mezzanine loans, but senior to the common equity in the mortgage borrower. Preferred equity investments may be structured such that our return accrues and is added to the principal amount rather than paid on a current basis. We also may pursue equity participation opportunities in preferred equity investments, like such participations in mezzanine loans. 
 Net Leased and Other Real Estate. We may occasionally invest directly in well-located commercial real estate with long-term leases to tenants on a net lease basis, where such tenants generally will be responsible for property operating expenses such as insurance, utilities, maintenance capital expenditures and real estate taxes. In addition, tenants of our properties typically pay rent increases based on: (1) increases in the consumer price index (typically subject to ceilings), (2) fixed increases, or (3) additional rent calculated as a percentage of the tenants gross sales above a specified level. We believe that a portfolio of properties under long-term, net lease agreements generally produces a more predictable income stream than many other types of real estate portfolios, while continuing to offer the potential for growth in rental income. 
 Our operating segments include senior and mezzanine loans and preferred equity, net leased and other real estate, all of which are included in our target assets, and CRE debt securities and corporate. 
 The allocation of our capital among our target assets will depend on prevailing market conditions at the time we invest and may change over time in response to different prevailing market conditions. In addition, in the future, we may invest in assets other than our target assets or change our target assets. With respect to all our investments, we invest so as to maintain our qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes and our exclusion or exemption from regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). 
 We believe that events in the financial markets from time to time, including the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, have created and will continue to create dislocation between price and intrinsic value in certain asset classes as well as a supply and demand imbalance of available credit to finance these assets. We believe that our in-depth understanding of CRE and real estate-related investments, in-house underwriting, asset management and resolution capabilities, provides an extensive platform to regularly evaluate our investments and determine primary, secondary or alternative disposition strategies. This includes intermediate servicing and negotiating, restructuring of non-performing investments, foreclosure considerations, management or development of owned real estate, in each case to reposition and achieve optimal value realization for us and our stockholders. Depending on the nature of the underlying investment, we may pursue repositioning strategies through judicious capital investment in order to extract maximum value from the investment or recognize unanticipated losses to reinvest resulting liquidity in higher-yielding performing investments. 
 
 Our Competitive Strengths 
 We believe that we distinguish ourselves from other CRE finance and investment companies in a number of ways, including the following: 

6 

Table of Contents 

 Large diversified portfolio. 
 We are a large publicly-traded CRE credit/mortgage REIT. Our portfolio is composed of a diverse set of CRE assets across the capital stack, including senior loans as well as select mezzanine loans and preferred equity. We will also occasionally invest in single tenant net leased properties. We believe that the scale of our portfolio gives us a competitive advantage by providing us with significant portfolio diversification, economies of scale and advantageous access to capital. 
 Disciplined investment strategy. 
 We focus on originating, acquiring, financing and managing CRE senior loans, mezzanine loans, preferred equity, and net leased properties. Our investment strategy is dynamic and flexible, enabling us to adapt to shifts in economic, real estate and capital market conditions and to exploit market inefficiencies. This flexible investment strategy will allow us to employ a customized, solutions-oriented approach to investment, which we believe is attractive to our borrowers and tenants and which will allow us to deploy capital across a broader opportunity set. 
 
 Our Financing Strategy 
 We have a multi-pronged financing strategy that included an up to 165 million secured revolving credit facility as of December 31, 2022, up to approximately 2.3 billion in secured revolving repurchase facilities, 1.2 billion in non-recourse securitization financing, 628.7 million in commercial mortgages and 27.9 million in other asset-level financing structures. 
 In addition, we may use other forms of financing, including additional warehouse facilities, public and private secured and unsecured debt issuances and equity or equity-related securities issuances by us or our subsidiaries. We may also finance a portion of our investments through the syndication of one or more interests in a whole loan. We will seek to match the nature and duration of the financing with the underlying asset s cash flow, including using hedges, as appropriate. 
 Leverage Policies 
 While we limit our use of leverage and believe we can achieve attractive yields on an unleveraged basis, we may use prudent amounts of leverage to increase potential returns to our stockholders and/or to finance future investments. Given current market conditions, to the extent that we use borrowings to finance our assets, we currently expect that such leverage would not exceed on a debt-to-equity basis, a 3-to-1 ratio for us as a whole. We consider these leverage ratios to be prudent for our target asset classes. Our decision to use leverage currently or in the future to finance our assets will be based on our assessment of a variety of factors, including, among others, the anticipated credit quality, liquidity and price volatility of the assets in our investment portfolio, the potential for losses and extension risk in our portfolio, the ability to raise additional equity to reduce leverage and create liquidity for future investments, the availability of credit at favorable prices or at all, the credit quality of our assets and our outlook for borrowing costs relative to the interest income earned on our assets. Our decision to use leverage in the future to finance our assets will be at the discretion of our management and will not be subject to the approval of our stockholders, and we are not restricted by our governing documents or otherwise in the amount of leverage that we may use. To the extent that we use leverage in the future, we may mitigate interest rate risk through utilization of hedging instruments, primarily interest rate swap and cap agreements, to serve as a hedge against future interest rate increases on our borrowings. 
 Investment Guidelines 
 We have no prescribed limitation on any particular investment type. However, the Company s board of directors Board of Directors has adopted the following investment guidelines: 
 no investment shall be made that would cause the Company to fail to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 
 no investment shall be made that would cause the Company or any subsidiary to be required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act; 
 until appropriate investments can be identified, we may invest the proceeds of any future offerings of the Company in interest-bearing, short-term investments, including money market accounts and/or U.S. treasury securities, that are consistent with the Company s intention to qualify as a REIT and maintain its exemption from registration under the Investment Company Act; 
 any investment with a total net commitment by the OP of greater than 5 of the OP s net equity (computed using the most recently available publicly filed balance sheet) shall require the approval of the Board of Directors or a duly constituted committee of the Board of Directors (with total net commitment by the OP being the aggregate amount of funds directly or indirectly committed by the OP to such investment net of any upfront fees received by the Company or any subsidiary in connection with such investment); and 

7 

Table of Contents 

 any investment with a total net commitment by the OP of between 3 and 5 of the OP s net equity (computed using the most recently available publicly filed balance sheet) shall require the approval of the Board of Directors or a duly constituted committee of the Board of Directors (with total net commitment by the OP being the aggregate amount of funds directly or indirectly committed by the OP to such investment net of any upfront fees received by the Company or any subsidiary in connection with such investment), unless the investment falls within specific parameters approved by the Board of Directors and in effect at the time such commitment is made. 
 The investment guidelines can be amended or waived with the approval of the Board of Directors (which must include a majority of the independent directors). 
 
 Operating and Regulatory Structure 
 REIT Qualification 
 We elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes beginning with our taxable year ended December 31, 2018. As a REIT, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the REIT taxable income that we distribute annually to our stockholders. 
 Investment Company Act Matters 
 We and our subsidiaries conduct our operations so that we are not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 We believe we are not an investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act because we do not engage primarily, or hold ourselves out as being engaged primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Rather, we, through our subsidiaries, are primarily engaged in non-investment company businesses related to real estate. In addition, we intend to conduct our operations so that we do not come within the definition of an investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the Investment Company Act because less than 40 of our total assets on an unconsolidated basis will consist of investment securities. Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the Investment Company Act defines an investment company as any issuer that is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and that owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of the issuer s total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items). Excluded from the term investment securities (as that term is defined in the Investment Company Act) are securities issued by majority-owned subsidiaries that are themselves not investment companies and are not relying on the exclusion from the definition of investment company set forth in Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act. Under the Investment Company Act, a subsidiary is majority-owned if a company owns 50 or more of its outstanding voting securities. To avoid the need to register as an investment company, the securities issued to us by any wholly-owned or majority-owned subsidiaries that we may form in the future that are excluded from the definition of investment company under Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act, together with any other investment securities we may own, may not have a value in excess of 40 of the value of our total assets on an unconsolidated basis. We monitor our holdings to ensure ongoing compliance with this test. 
 We hold our assets primarily through direct or indirect wholly-owned or majority-owned subsidiaries, certain of which are excluded from the definition of investment company pursuant to Section 3(c)(5)(C) or Section 3(c)(6) of the Investment Company Act. To qualify for the exclusion pursuant to Section 3(c)(5)(C), based on positions set forth by the staff of U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), each such subsidiary, considered on an individual basis, is generally required to hold at least (i) 55 of its assets in qualifying real estate assets and (ii) at least 80 of its assets in qualifying real estate assets and real estate-related assets. For our subsidiaries that maintain this exclusion or another exclusion or exception under the Investment Company Act (other than Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) thereof), our interests in these subsidiaries do not and will not constitute investment securities. Qualifying real estate assets for this purpose include senior loans, certain B-notes and certain mezzanine loans that satisfy various conditions as set forth in SEC staff no-action letters and other guidance, and other assets that the SEC staff in various no-action letters and other guidance has determined are the functional equivalent of senior loans for the purposes of the Investment Company Act. We treat as real estate-related assets B-pieces and mezzanine loans that do not satisfy the conditions set forth in the relevant SEC staff no-action letters and other guidance, and debt and equity securities of companies primarily engaged in real estate businesses. Unless a relevant SEC no-action letter or other guidance applies, we expect to treat preferred equity interests as real estate-related assets. The SEC has not published guidance with respect to the treatment of CMBS for purposes of the Section 3(c)(5)(C) exclusion. Unless the SEC or its staff issues guidance with respect to CMBS, we intend to treat CMBS as a real estate-related asset. To the extent that the SEC staff publishes new or different guidance with respect to these matters, we may be required to adjust our strategy accordingly. For our subsidiaries that maintain this exclusion or another exclusion or exception under the Investment Company Act (other than Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) thereof), our interests in these subsidiaries do not and will not constitute investment securities. 

8 

Table of Contents 

 Our subsidiaries that rely on the exclusion provided for in Section 3(c)(6) do so because they are primarily engaged, directly or through majority-owned subsidiaries, in Section 3(c)(5)(C) businesses or in one or more of such businesses (from which not less than 25 percent of such company s gross income during its last fiscal year was derived) together with an additional business or businesses other than investing, reinvesting, owning, holding, or trading in securities. Although there is limited guidance from the staff of the SEC interpreting Section 3(c)(6), we believe that it is commonly understood that the term primarily has the same numerical connotation as under Section 3(c)(5), as described in the preceding paragraph with the determination for any subsidiary including the assets of its majority owned subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 If we were required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we would become subject to substantial regulation with respect to our capital structure (including our ability to use leverage), management, operations, transactions with affiliated persons (as defined in the Investment Company Act), portfolio composition, including restrictions with respect to diversification and industry concentration, and other matters. 
 As a consequence of our seeking to avoid the need to register under the Investment Company Act on an ongoing basis, we and/or our subsidiaries may be restricted from making certain investments or may structure investments in a manner that would be less advantageous to us than would be the case in the absence of such requirements. In particular, a change in the value of any of our assets could negatively affect our ability to avoid the need to register under the Investment Company Act and cause the need for a restructuring of our investment portfolio. For example, these restrictions may limit our and our subsidiaries ability to invest directly in mortgage-backed securities MBSs that represent less than the entire ownership in a pool of senior loans, debt and equity tranches of securitizations and certain asset-backed securities, noncontrolling equity interests in real estate companies or in assets not related to real estate. In addition, seeking to avoid the need to register under the Investment Company Act may cause us and/or our subsidiaries to acquire or hold additional assets that we might not otherwise have acquired or held or dispose of investments that we and/or our subsidiaries might not have otherwise disposed of, which could result in higher costs or lower proceeds to us than we would have paid or received if we were not seeking to comply with such requirements. Thus, avoiding registration under the Investment Company Act may hinder our ability to operate solely on the basis of maximizing profits. 
 There can be no assurance that we and our subsidiaries will be able to successfully avoid operating as an unregistered investment company. If it were established that we were an unregistered investment company, there would be a risk that we would be subject to monetary penalties and injunctive relief in an action brought by the SEC, that we would be unable to enforce contracts with third parties, that third parties could seek to obtain rescission of transactions undertaken during the period it was established that we were an unregistered investment company, and that we would be subject to limitations on corporate leverage that would have an adverse impact on our investment returns. 
 Government Regulation Relating to the Environment 
 Our properties are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws, statutes, ordinances and regulations. Such laws and other regulations relate to a variety of environmental hazards, including asbestos-containing materials ACM ), toxins or irritants, mold, regulated substances, emissions to the environment, fire codes and other hazardous or toxic substances, materials or wastes. These laws are subject to change and may be more stringent in the future. Under current laws, a current or previous owner or operator of real estate (including, in certain circumstances, a secured lender if it participates in management or succeeds to ownership or control of a property) may become liable for costs and liabilities related to contamination or other environmental issues at or with respect to the property, including in connection with the activities of a tenant. Such cleanup laws typically impose cleanup responsibility and liability without regard to whether the owner or operator party knew of or was responsible for the release or presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. In addition, parties may be liable for costs of remediating contamination at an off-site disposal or treatment facilities where they arrange for disposal or treatment of hazardous substances. These liabilities and costs, including for investigation, remediation or removal of those substances or natural resource damages, third party tort claims resulting from personal injury or property damage, restrictions on the manner in which the property is used, liens in favor of the government for damages and costs the government incurs related to cleanup of contamination, and costs to properly manage or abate asbestos or mold may be substantial. Absent participating in management or succeeding to ownership, operation or other control of real property, a secured lender is not likely to be directly subject to any of these forms of environmental liability, although a borrower could be subject to these liabilities impacting its ability to make loan payments. 
 Prior to closing any property acquisition, we obtain environmental assessments in a manner we believe prudent in order to attempt to identify potential environmental concerns with respect to such properties. These assessments are carried out in accordance with an appropriate level of due diligence and generally include a physical site inspection, a review of relevant federal, state and local environmental and health agency database records, one or more interviews with appropriate site-related personnel, review of the property s chain of title and review of historic aerial photographs and other information on past uses of the property. We may also conduct limited subsurface investigations and test for substances of concern where the result of the 

9 

Table of Contents 

 first phase of the environmental assessments or other information indicates possible contamination or where our consultants recommend such procedures. 
 We are not currently aware of any environmental liabilities that could materially affect the Company. Refer to the risk factor Environmental compliance costs and other potential environmental liabilities associated with our current or former properties or our CRE debt or real estate-related investments could materially impair the value of our investments and expose us to material liability in the section entitled Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Our Investments for more details regarding potential environmental liabilities and risk related to the Company. 
 Other Regulation 
 Our operations are subject, in certain instances, to supervision and regulation by state and federal governmental authorities and may be subject to various laws and judicial and administrative decisions imposing various requirements and restrictions, which, among other things: (1) regulate credit granting activities; (2) establish maximum interest rates, finance charges and other charges; (3) require disclosures to customers; (4) govern secured transactions; (5) set collection, foreclosure, repossession and claims handling procedures and other trade practices; and (6) regulate affordable housing rental activities. Although most states do not regulate commercial finance, certain states impose limitations on interest rates and other charges and on certain collection practices and creditor remedies, and require licensing of lenders and financiers and adequate disclosure of certain contract terms. We are also required to comply with certain provisions of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act that are applicable to commercial loans and the Fair Housing Act. We intend to conduct our business so that we comply with such laws and regulations. 
 
 Competition 
 We are engaged in a competitive business. In our lending and investing activities, we compete for opportunities with a variety of institutional lenders and investors, including other REITs, specialty finance companies, public and private funds, commercial and investment banks, commercial finance and insurance companies and other financial institutions. Several other REITs have raised, or are expected to raise, significant amounts of capital, and may have similar acquisition objectives that overlap with ours. These other REITs will increase competition for the available supply of mortgage assets suitable for purchase and origination. Furthermore, this competition in our target asset classes may lead to the yields of such assets decreasing, which may further limit our ability to generate satisfactory returns. 
 Some of our competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access to funding sources that are not available to us, such as the U.S. Government. Many of our competitors are not subject to the operating constraints associated with REIT rule compliance or maintenance of an exclusion from registration under the Investment Company Act. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of loans and investments, offer more attractive pricing or other terms and establish more relationships than us. 
 Federal regulators have modified restrictions on the activity of banks and other deposit-taking institutions that previously prohibited such entities from competing for certain investment opportunities. The changes to this regulatory scheme, commonly referred to as the Volcker Rule, became effective on October 1, 2020 and may allow these financial institutions to compete with us for investment opportunities that were not previously available to them, thus increasing competition with our business. In the face of this competition, we believe our investment professionals and their industry expertise and relationships provide us with competitive advantages in assessing risks and determining appropriate pricing for potential investments. We believe these relationships enable us to compete more effectively for attractive investment opportunities. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 Experienced Management and Employees 
 On December 31, 2022, we had 54 employees, all of which are full-time employees. Our 54 employees are located throughout the United States as follows: 30 in New York, New York at our Headquarters, 19 in Los Angeles, California, two in Florida, one in Dallas, Texas, one in Atlanta, Georgia and one in Boston, Massachusetts. 
 Employee Matters and Culture 
 We are committed to maintaining a positive work environment in which employee accountability, growth, advancement, diversity, inclusion and equal employment opportunity are very important. We strive to recognize and reward noteworthy performance, evaluated through periodic (no less frequent than annual) reviews with each employee. We seek to attract and retain the most relevant and skilled employees by offering competitive compensation and benefits, including fixed and variable pay, including base salary, cash bonuses, equity-based compensation consistent with employee position and seniority, 401(k) matching and opportunities for merit-based increases. 

10 

Table of Contents 

 We maintain policies that reinforce and enhance its commitment to high ethical standards, corporate governance and internal controls, to provide the best and most competitive service to our customers in order to enhance stockholder value. We promote a workplace that is free of harassment and discriminatory and retaliatory practices. In keeping with these priorities, we maintain an open-door policy for conflict management and requires periodic (no less frequent than annual) interactive harassment prevention training for both managers and employees consistent with applicable state and local laws. We regularly re-evaluate our policies covering codes of ethics, corporate governance, disclosure controls, anti-discrimination, harassment, retaliation and related complaint procedures, insider trading, and related party transaction activity. 
 We maintain a co-employer partnership with TriNet (a professional employer organization). TriNet administers pay and other employment services, allowing us to maximize human resource administration and enhance the diversity and strength of benefits provided to employees. Through TriNet, employees have access to an extensive health and wellness platform, including live, personal and mental health counseling, family, financial and career planning resources, as well as a broad-based marketplace offering technology products, travel, entertainment, dining, fitness and other services at significantly discounted prices. 
 Our Commitment to Charity 
 We maintain a commitment to corporate giving to national and local associations in the communities in which we live and conduct business. We proudly launched a charitable gift matching program in December 2022, where we utilize an enterprise philanthropy platform that connects employees to over 1.5 million charities. With the aid of our new philanthropy platform, we can match employee donations to certified 501(c)(3) organizations. Additionally, our employees have teamed up to provide annual support for Toys for Tots and have participated in charitable fundraising endeavors such as Cycle for Survival. Certain departments have worked together in volunteer efforts to give back to the community as well. 
 
 Corporate Information 
 The Company was formed as a Maryland corporation on August 23, 2017. Our principal executive offices are located at 590 Madison Avenue, 33rd Floor, New York, NY 10022, and our telephone number is (212) 547-2631. Our website is www.brightspire.com. We make available, free of charge, on our website, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as soon as reasonably practicable after these forms are filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Our website address is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as a textual reference only and the information on the website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All of our reports, proxy and information statements filed with the SEC can also be obtained at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 
 The Company emphasizes the importance of professional business conduct and ethics through our corporate governance initiatives. Our Board of Directors consists of a majority of independent directors; the audit, compensation, and nominating and corporate governance committees of the Board of Directors are composed exclusively of independent directors. Additionally, the following documents relating to corporate governance are available on our website under Shareholders Corporate Governance : 
 Corporate Governance Guidelines 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 Code of Ethics for Principal Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers 
 Complaint Procedures for Accounting and Auditing Matters 
 Audit Committee Charter 
 Compensation Committee Charter 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter 
 These corporate governance documents are also available in print free of charge to any security holder who requests them in writing to: BrightSpire Capital, Inc., Attention: Investor Relations, 590 Madison Avenue, 33rd Floor, New York, New York, 10022. Within the time period required by the rules of the SEC and the NYSE, we will post on our website any amendment to such corporate governance documents. 

11 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below before deciding to purchase shares of our common stock. If any of the events, contingencies, circumstances or conditions described in the risks below actually occurs, they could have a material adverse effect in our business, results of operations and financial conditions or cause our stock price to decline. 
 
 Risks Related to COVID-19 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, measures intended to prevent its spread and government actions to mitigate its economic impact have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has caused and continues to cause significant disruptions to the U.S. and global economies and has contributed to volatility and negative pressure in financial markets, the significance, extent and duration of which on our business, the market and consumer behavior, remains largely uncertain and dependent on near-term and future developments that cannot be accurately predicted at this time. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted us and may continue to negatively impact our business. To the extent current conditions persist or worsen, we expect there to be a materially negative effect on the value of our assets and our results of operations, and, in turn, cash available for distribution to our stockholders. Moreover, many risk factors set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be interpreted as heightened risks as a result of the ongoing and numerous adverse impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Difficulty accessing debt and equity capital on attractive terms, or at all, and severe disruption or instability in the global financial markets or deteriorations in credit and financing conditions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic may affect our ability to access capital necessary to fund business operations or replace liabilities on a timely basis. This may also adversely affect the valuation of financial assets and liabilities, any of which could result in the inability to make payments under our credit and other borrowing facilities, affect our ability to meet liquidity, net worth, and leverage covenants under such facilities or have a material adverse effect on the value of investments we hold. In addition, the insolvency of one or more of our counterparties could reduce the amount of financing available to us, which would make it more difficult for us to leverage the value of our assets and obtain substitute financing on attractive terms or at all. We have experienced declines in the value of our target assets, as well as adverse developments with respect to the terms and cost of financing available to us, and have previously received margin calls, default notices and deficiency letters from certain of our financing counterparties, which have been resolved. Any or all of these impacts could result in reduced net investment income and cash flow, as well as an impairment of our investments, which reductions and impairments could be material. 
 Additionally, the economic impacts of the pandemic may continue to impact the financial stability of certain loans and loan borrowers underlying the residential and commercial securities and loans that we own, leading to loan delinquencies and/or defaults, or requests for concessions or forbearance. Elevated levels of delinquency or default would have an adverse impact on our income and the value of our assets and may require us to repay amounts under our master repurchase facilities or other financing arrangements and we can provide no assurance that we will have funds available to make such payments. Any forced sales of loans, securities or other assets that secure our repurchase and other financing arrangements in the current environment would likely be on terms less favorable to us than might otherwise be available in a regularly functioning market and could result in deficiency judgments and other claims against us. 
 In response to the pandemic, the U.S. government has taken various actions to support the economy and the continued functioning of the financial markets. There can be no assurance as to how, in the long term, such actions by the U.S. government will affect the efficiency, liquidity and stability of the financial and mortgage markets. To the extent the financial or mortgage markets do not respond favorably to any of these actions, or such actions do not function as intended, our business, results of operations and financial condition may continue to be materially adversely affected. Moreover, certain actions taken by U.S. or other governmental authorities, including the Federal Reserve, that are intended to ameliorate the macroeconomic effects of COVID-19 may harm our business. Changes in short-term interest rates may have a negative impact on our investments (including underlying collateral and associated business plans) and therefore our results, as we have certain assets and liabilities which are sensitive to changes in interest rates. Specifically, rising and higher interest rates may adversely impact the value of our fixed-rate and variable-rate investments, result in higher interest expense on our variable rate debt and in disruptions to our borrowers and tenants ability to finance their activities, on whom we depend for a substantial portion of our revenue. These market interest rate increases may impact commercial real estate transaction volumes and negatively affect our results of operations. 
 The rapid development and fluidity of the circumstances resulting from this pandemic preclude any prediction as to the ultimate adverse impact of COVID-19 on our business. Nevertheless, COVID-19 and the current financial, economic and capital 

12 

Table of Contents 

 markets environment, and future developments in these and other areas present material uncertainty and risk with respect to our performance, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our inability to access funding or the terms on which such funding is available could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, particularly in light of ongoing market dislocations resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Issues related to financing are exacerbated in times of significant dislocation in the financial markets, such as those being experienced now and unforeseen related to the COVID-19 pandemic. It is possible our lenders will become unwilling or unable to provide us with financing and we could be forced to sell our assets at an inopportune time when prices are depressed. In addition, if the regulatory capital requirements imposed on our lenders change, they may be required to significantly increase the cost of the financing that they provide to us. Our lenders also have revised and may continue to revise their eligibility requirements for the types of assets they are willing to finance or the terms of such financings, including haircuts and requiring additional collateral in the form of cash, based on, among other factors, the regulatory environment and their management of actual and perceived risk, particularly with respect to assignee liability. These events may negatively impact our ability to fund our operations, meet financial obligation and finance target asset acquisitions. 
 In connection with the market disruptions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, we changed our interest rate hedging strategy and closed out of, or terminated a portion of our interest rate hedges, incurring realized losses. As a result, interest rate risk exposure that is associated with certain of our assets and liabilities is no longer being hedged in the manner that we previously used to address interest rate risk and our revised strategy to address interest rate risk may not be effective and could result in the incurrence of future realized losses. 
 In response to the market dislocations resulting from the global pandemic of COVID-19, we made the determination that certain of our interest rate hedges were no longer effective in hedging asset market values and terminated or closed out a portion of our outstanding interest rate hedges. While we are monitoring market conditions and determining when we believe or whether it would be appropriate and effective to re-implement interest rate hedging strategies, including by taking into account our future business activities and assets and liabilities, we have and will continue to be exposed to the impact that changes in benchmark interest rates may have on the value of the loans, securities and other assets we own that are sensitive to interest rate changes, as well as long-term debt obligations that are sensitive to interest rate changes. Moreover, to the extent the value of loans and securities we own fluctuate as a result of changes in benchmark interest rates, we may be exposed to margin calls under lending facilities that we use to finance these assets. In the past, our prior interest rate hedging strategy was intended to be a source of liquidity in meeting margin calls that resulted from asset valuation changes attributable to changes in benchmark interest rates; however, because we have terminated or closed out a portion of our outstanding interest rate hedges, we will not be able to rely on these or similar hedges as such a source of liquidity. Operating our business and maintaining a portfolio of interest rate sensitive loans, securities and other assets without an interest rate risk hedging program in place could expose us to losses and liquidity risks, which could be material and which could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. There can be no assurance that future market conditions and our financial condition in the future will enable us to re-establish an effective interest rate risk hedging program, even if in the future we believe it would otherwise be appropriate or desirable to do so. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Company and Our Structure 
 We have not established a minimum distribution payment level, and we cannot assure you of our ability to pay distributions in the future. 
 We are generally required to distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income each year for us to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code ). We have not established a minimum distribution payment level, and our ability to make distributions may be materially and adversely affected by a number of factors, including the risk factors described herein. Distributions to our stockholders, if any, will be authorized by our Board of Directors in its sole discretion and declared by us out of funds legally available therefore and will be dependent upon a number of factors, including our targeted distribution rate, access to cash in the capital markets and other financing sources, historical and projected results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, our view of our ability to realize gains in the future through appreciation in the value of our assets, general economic conditions and economic conditions that more specifically impact our business or prospects, our financing covenants, maintenance of our REIT qualification, applicable provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL and such other factors as our Board of Directors deems relevant. 
 We believe that a change in any one of the following factors could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows and impair our ability to make distributions to our stockholders: 
 our ability to make attractive investments; 
 margin calls or other expenses that reduce our cash flows; 

13 

Table of Contents 

 defaults or prepayments in our investment portfolio or decreases in the value of our investment portfolio; and 
 the fact that anticipated operating expense levels may not prove accurate, as actual results may vary from estimates. 
 No assurance can be given that we will continue to make distributions to our stockholders in the future or that the level of any distributions we do make to our stockholders will achieve a market yield or increase or even be maintained over time, any of which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 In addition, distributions out of our current earnings and profits that we make to our stockholders will generally be taxable to our stockholders as ordinary income. However, a portion of our distributions may be designated by us as (i) capital gain dividends to the extent that they are attributable to capital gain income recognized by us, (ii) qualified dividend income, or (iii) may constitute a return of capital to the extent that they exceed our current earnings and profits as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A return of capital is not taxable, but has the effect of reducing the basis of a stockholder s investment in our common stock. 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law may limit the ability of a third party to acquire control of us. 
 Certain provisions of the MGCL may have the effect of inhibiting a third party from acquiring our Company or of impeding a change of control under circumstances that otherwise could provide our Company s stockholders with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of our common stock, including: 
 business combination provisions that, subject to limitations, prohibit certain business combinations between an interested stockholder (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of our Company s outstanding shares of voting stock or an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year period immediately prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of the then-outstanding stock of the corporation) or an affiliate of any interested stockholder and our Company for five years after the most recent date on which the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder and thereafter imposes two super-majority stockholder voting requirements on these combinations; and 
 control share provisions that provide that holders of control shares of our Company (defined as outstanding voting shares of stock that, if aggregated with all other shares of stock owned by the acquiror or in respect of which the acquirer is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquiror to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in electing directors) acquired in a control share acquisition (defined as the acquisition of issued and outstanding control shares have no voting rights except to the extent approved by the affirmative vote of the holders entitled to cast two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding all interested shares. 
 In accordance with Maryland Business Combination Act our Board of Directors has exempted any business combinations between us and any person, provided that any such business combination is first approved by our Board of Directors. Consequently, the five-year prohibition and the super-majority vote requirements will not apply to any future business combinations between us and any of our interested stockholders (or their affiliates) that are first approved by our Board of Directors, including any future business combination with the OP or any current or future affiliates of the OP. Our bylaws contain a provision exempting us from the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act. If this resolution is revoked or repealed, the statute may discourage others from trying to acquire control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating any offer. There can be no assurance that these resolutions or exemptions will not be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. 
 Additionally, Title 3, Subtitle 8 of the MGCL permits our Board of Directors, without stockholder approval and regardless of what currently is provided in our charter and our bylaws, to implement certain takeover defenses, such as a classified board, some of which we do not have. 
 Ownership limitations may delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in our control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders. 
 In order for us to maintain our qualification as a REIT under the Code, not more than 50 of the value of the outstanding shares of our capital stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals (as defined in the Code to include certain entities) during the last half of a taxable year. Our charter, with certain exceptions, authorizes our Board of Directors to take the actions that are necessary or appropriate to preserve our qualification as a REIT. Unless exempted by our Board of Directors, no person may actually or constructively own more than 9.8 of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of our capital stock (as defined in our charter) by value or 9.8 of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of our common stock (as defined in our charter) by value or by number of shares, whichever is more restrictive. Our Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may exempt (prospectively or retroactively) a person from this limitation if it obtains such representations, covenants and undertakings as it deems appropriate to conclude that granting the exemption will not cause us to lose our status 

14 

Table of Contents 

 as a REIT. These ownership limitations in our charter are standard in REIT charters and are intended to provide added assurance of compliance with the tax law requirements, and to reduce administrative burdens. However, these ownership limits might also delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders or result in the transfer of shares acquired in excess of the ownership limits to a trust for the benefit of a charitable beneficiary and, as a result, the forfeiture by the acquirer of the benefits of owning the additional shares. 
 Our charter contains provisions that make removal of our directors difficult, which makes it more difficult for our stockholders to effect changes to our management and may prevent a change in control of our Company that is otherwise in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 Our charter provides that a director may be removed only for cause and then only by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors. Vacancies on our Board of Directors may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum, and directors elected to fill a vacancy will serve for the full term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred. These requirements make it more difficult for our stockholders to effect changes to our management by removing and replacing directors and may prevent a change in control of our company that is otherwise in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 Our charter permits our Board of Directors to issue stock with terms that may subordinate the rights of our common stockholders or discourage a third party from acquiring us in a manner that could result in a premium price to stockholders. 
 Our Board of Directors may classify or reclassify any unissued shares of common stock, classify any unissued shares of our preferred stock, as applicable, and reclassify any previously classified but unissued shares of our preferred stock into other classes or series of stock and set the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption of any such stock. Thus, our Board of Directors could authorize the issuance of preferred stock with priority as to distributions and amounts payable upon liquidation over the rights of the holders of our common stock. Such preferred stock could also have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us, including an extraordinary transaction (such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets) that might provide a premium price to holders of our common stock. Additionally, our Board of Directors may amend our charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares of stock or the number of authorized shares of any class or series of stock without stockholder approval. 
 Failure to obtain, maintain or renew required licenses and authorizations necessary to operate our mortgage-related activities may have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We are required to obtain, maintain or renew certain licenses and authorizations (including doing business authorizations and licenses to act as a commercial mortgage lender) from U.S. federal or state governmental authorities, government sponsored entities or similar bodies in connection with some or all of our mortgage-related activities. There is no assurance that we will be able to obtain, maintain or renew any or all of the licenses and authorizations that we require or that we will avoid experiencing significant delays in connection therewith. Our failure to obtain, maintain or renew licenses will restrict our options and ability to engage in desired activities, and could subject us to fines, suspensions, terminations and various other adverse actions if it is determined that we have engaged without the requisite licenses or authorizations in activities that required a license or authorization, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We are highly dependent on information systems and third-parties, and system failures or cybersecurity incidents incurred by us or the third-parties that we rely on could significantly disrupt our ability to operate our business. 
 Computer malware, viruses, computer hacking and phishing attacks have become more prevalent in our industry and while we have not experienced any such attacks since our inception, we may be subject to such attempted attacks from time to time. We rely heavily on financial, accounting and other data processing systems maintained by us and by third parties with whom we contract for information technology, network, data storage and other related services. Although we have not detected a material cybersecurity breach to date, financial services institutions and lenders have reported material breaches of their systems, some of which have been significant. Even with appropriate security measures and procedures in place, not every breach can be prevented or detected. There is no assurance that we, or the third parties that facilitate our business activities, have not or will not experience a breach. An externally caused information security incident or an internally caused issue, such as failure to control access to sensitive systems, could materially interrupt business operations or cause disclosure or modification of sensitive or confidential information and could result in material financial loss, loss of competitive position, regulatory actions, breach of contracts, reputational harm or legal liability. While we maintain cybersecurity specific insurance for both first-party losses (breach response, ransomware, data loss, business interruption, contingent business interruption, social engineering 

15 

Table of Contents 

 coverage, system failure and hardware replacement) and third-party losses (breach demands, regulatory penalties, media liability), such insurance may not be sufficient to address any such losses. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Our Investments 
 The real estate investment business is highly competitive and our success depends on our ability to compete, including attracting and retaining qualified executives and key personnel in our vertically integrated investment and asset management business structure. 
 We believe that our success depends significantly upon the experience, skill, resources, relationships and contacts of the executive officers and key personnel in our vertically integrated investment and asset management business structure. The departure of any one or more of these persons from our management team could have a material adverse effect on our performance. Taken together, our ability to achieve our stated objectives and to grow and maintain our business and relationships may be meaningfully compromised by any one or more departures. 
 We may not be able to hire and retain qualified loan originators or grow and maintain our relationships with key loan brokers, and if we are unable to do so, our ability to implement our business and growth strategies could be limited. 
 We depend on our loan originators to generate borrower clients by, among other things, developing relationships with commercial property owners, real estate agents and brokers, developers and others, which we believe leads to repeat and referral business. Accordingly, we must be able to attract, motivate and retain skilled loan originators. The market for loan originators is highly competitive and may lead to increased costs to hire and retain them. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to attract or retain qualified loan originators. If we cannot attract, motivate or retain a sufficient number of skilled loan originators, at a reasonable cost or at all, our business could be materially and adversely affected. We also depend on our network of loan brokers, who generate a significant portion of our loan originations. While we strive to cultivate long-standing relationships that generate repeat business for us, brokers are free to transact business with other lenders. Our competitors also have relationships with some of our brokers and actively compete with us in bidding on loans shopped by these brokers. We also cannot guarantee that we will be able to maintain or develop new relationships with additional brokers. 
 Our ability to achieve our investment objectives and to pay distributions depends in substantial part upon our performance and the performance of our third-party servicers. 
 Our success depends on the identification and origination or acquisition of investments and the management of our assets and operation of our day-to-day activities. If we perform poorly and as a result are unable to originate and/or acquire our investments successfully, we may be unable to achieve our investment objectives or to pay distributions to stockholders at presently contemplated levels, if at all. Our platform may not be scalable if our business grows substantially, we may be unable to make significant investments on a timely basis or at reasonable costs, or our service providers may be strained by our growth, which could disrupt our business and operations. Similarly, if our third-party servicers perform poorly, we may be unable to realize all cash flow associated with our real estate debt and debt-like investments. 
 Our CRE debt, select equity and securities investments are subject to the risks typically associated with real estate. 
 Our CRE debt, select equity and securities investments are subject to the risks typically associated with real estate, including: 
 tenant mix; 
 real estate conditions, such as an oversupply of or a reduction in demand for real estate space in an area; 
 lack of liquidity inherent in the nature of the assets; 
 borrower/tenant/operator mix and the success of the borrower/tenant/operator business; 
 success of tenant businesses; 
 ability to collect interest/loan obligation/principal, including income recognition and recovery of payment-in-kind interest on applicable loan investments; 
 property management decisions; 
 property location, condition and design; 
 competition from comparable types of properties; 
 changes in laws that increase operating expenses or limit rents that may be charged; 
 changes in national, regional or local economic conditions and/or specific industry segments, including the credit and securitization markets; 

16 

Table of Contents 

 declines in regional or local real estate values; 
 declines in regional or local rental or occupancy rates; 
 increases in interest rates, real estate tax rates and other operating expenses; 
 compliance with environmental laws; 
 costs of remediation and liabilities associated with environmental conditions; 
 the potential for uninsured or underinsured property losses; 
 changes in governmental laws and regulations, including fiscal policies, zoning ordinances and environmental legislation and the related costs of compliance; and 
 acts of God, terrorist attacks, social unrest and civil disturbances. 
 The value of each investment is affected significantly by its ability to generate cash flow and net income, which in turn depends on the amount of financing/interest payments, rental or other income that can be generated net of expenses required to be incurred with respect to the investment. Many expenses associated with properties (such as operating expenses and capital expenses) cannot be reduced when there is a reduction in income from the properties. Some of our CRE securities may be subject to the risk of first loss and therefore could be adversely affected by payment defaults, delinquencies and others of these risks. 
 These factors may have a material adverse effect on the value and the return that we can realize from our assets, as well as the ability of our borrowers to pay their loans and the ability of the borrowers on the underlying loans securing our securities to pay their loans. 
 The mezzanine loan assets that we have acquired and may acquire in the future will involve greater risks of loss than senior loans secured by income-producing properties. 
 We have and may continue to acquire mezzanine loans, which take the form of subordinated loans secured by second mortgages on the underlying property or loans secured by a pledge of the ownership interests of either the entity owning the property or a pledge of the ownership interests of the entity that owns the interest in the entity owning the property. These types of assets involve a higher degree of risk than long-term senior mortgage lending secured by income-producing real property, because the loan may become unsecured as a result of foreclosure by the senior lender. In addition, mezzanine loans may have higher loan-to-value ratios than conventional mortgage loans, resulting in less equity in the property and increasing the risk of loss of principal. If a borrower defaults on our mezzanine loan or debt senior to our loan, or in the event of a borrower bankruptcy, our mezzanine loan will be satisfied only after the senior debt is paid in full. Where debt senior to our loan exists, the presence of intercreditor arrangements between the holder of the mortgage loan and us, as the mezzanine lender, may limit our ability to amend our loan documents, assign our loans, accept prepayments, exercise our remedies and control decisions made in bankruptcy proceedings relating to borrowers. As a result, we may not recover some or all of our investment, which could result in losses. In addition, even if we are able to foreclose on the underlying collateral following a default on a mezzanine loan, we would be substituted for the defaulting borrower and, to the extent income generated on the underlying property is insufficient to meet outstanding debt obligations on the property, may need to commit substantial additional capital to stabilize the property and prevent additional defaults to lenders with existing liens on the property. Significant losses related to our mezzanine loans could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 Participating interests may not be available and, even if obtained, may not be realized. 
 In connection with the origination or acquisition of certain structured finance assets, subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT, we have obtained and may continue to obtain participating interests, or equity kickers, in the owner of the property that entitle us to payments based upon a development s cash flow or profits or any increase in the value of the property that would be realized upon a refinancing or sale thereof. Competition for participating interests is dependent to a large degree upon market conditions. Participating interests are more difficult to obtain when real estate financing is available at relatively low interest rates. Participating interests are not insured or guaranteed by any governmental entity and are therefore subject to the general risks inherent in real estate investments. Therefore, even if we are successful in making investments that provide for participating interests, there can be no assurance that such interests will result in additional payments to us. 
 Any distressed loans or investments we make, or loans and investments that later become distressed, may subject us to losses and other risks relating to bankruptcy proceedings. 
 While our investment strategy focuses primarily on investments in performing real estate-related interests, our investment program may include making distressed investments from time to time (e.g., investments in defaulted, out-of-favor or distressed 

17 

Table of Contents 

 bank loans and debt securities) or may involve investments that become non-performing following our acquisition thereof. Certain of our investments may, therefore, include specific securities of companies that typically are highly leveraged, with significant burdens on cash flow and, therefore, involve a high degree of financial risk. During an economic downturn or recession, securities of financially troubled or operationally troubled issuers are more likely to go into default than securities of other issuers. Securities of financially troubled issuers and operationally troubled issuers are less liquid and more volatile than securities of companies not experiencing financial difficulties. The market prices of such securities are subject to erratic and abrupt market movements and the spread between bid and asked prices may be greater than normally expected. Investment in the securities of financially troubled issuers and operationally troubled issuers involves a high degree of credit and market risk. 
 In certain limited cases (e.g., in connection with a workout, restructuring and/or foreclosing proceedings involving one or more of our debt investments), the success of our investment strategy with respect thereto will depend, in part, on our ability to effectuate loan modifications and/or restructures. Identifying and implementing any such restructuring programs entails a high degree of uncertainty. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully identify and implement restructuring programs. Further, such modifications and/or restructuring may entail, among other things, a substantial reduction in the interest rate and a substantial writedown of the principal of such loan, debt securities or other interests. However, even if a restructuring were successfully accomplished, a risk exists that, upon maturity of such real estate loan, debt securities or other interests replacement takeout financing will not be available. 
 These financial difficulties may never be overcome and may cause borrowers to become subject to bankruptcy or other similar administrative proceedings. There is a possibility that we may incur substantial or total losses on our investments and in certain circumstances, become subject to certain additional potential liabilities that may exceed the value of our original investment therein. For example, under certain circumstances, a lender who has inappropriately exercised control over the management and policies of a debtor may have its claims subordinated or disallowed or may be found liable for damages suffered by parties as a result of such actions. In any reorganization or liquidation proceeding relating to our investments, we may lose our entire investment, may be required to accept cash or securities with a value less than our original investment and/or may be required to accept payment over an extended period of time. In addition, under certain circumstances, payments to us and distributions by us to the stockholders may be reclaimed if any such payment or distribution is later determined to have been a fraudulent conveyance, preferential payment or similar transaction under applicable bankruptcy and insolvency laws. Furthermore, bankruptcy laws and similar laws applicable to administrative proceedings may delay our ability to realize on collateral for loan positions held by us or may adversely affect the priority of such loans through doctrines such as equitable subordination or may result in a restructure of the debt through principles such as the cramdown provisions of the bankruptcy laws. 
 Provisions for loan losses and impairment charges are difficult to estimate, particularly in a challenging economic environment and if they turn out to be incorrect, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely impacted. 
 In a challenging economic environment, we may experience an increase in provisions for loan losses and asset impairment charges, as borrowers may be unable to remain current in payments on loans and declining property values weaken our collateral. Our determination of provision for loan losses requires us to make certain estimates and judgments based on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, execution of business plan and projected cash flow from the collateral securing our CRE debt, structure, including the availability of reserves and recourse guarantees, likelihood of repayment in full at the maturity of a loan, potential for refinancing and expected market discount rates for varying property types, all of which remain uncertain and are subjective. Some of our investments have limited liquidity or are not publicly traded and so we estimate the fair value of these investments on a quarterly basis. Also, the analysis of the value or income-producing ability of commercial property is highly subjective. Our estimates and judgments may not be correct, particularly during challenging economic environments when market volatility may make it difficult to determine the fair value of certain of our assets and liabilities or the likelihood of repayment of loans we originate. Subsequent valuations and estimates, in light of factors then prevailing, may result in decreases in the values of our assets resulting in impairment charges or increases in loan loss provisions and therefore our results of operations, financial condition and our ability to make distributions to stockholders could be materially and adversely impacted. 
 Prepayment rates may adversely affect the value of our portfolio of assets. 
 Generally, our borrowers may repay their loans prior to their stated final maturities. In periods of declining interest rates and/or credit spreads, prepayment rates on loans generally increase. If general interest rates or credit spreads decline at the same time, the proceeds of such prepayments received during such periods are likely to be reinvested by us in assets yielding less than the yields on the assets that were prepaid. Conversely, prepayment rates generally decrease in periods of increasing or high interest rates. In such circumstances, our borrowers may hold onto their assets for extended periods of time, have difficulty refinancing their assets, and subject our loans to risks of non-performance, payment and/or maturity defaults and potential losses. In addition, the value of our assets may be affected by prepayment rates on loans. If we originate or acquire mortgage-related 

18 

Table of Contents 

 securities or a pool of mortgage securities, we anticipate that the underlying mortgages will prepay at a projected rate generating an expected yield. If we purchase assets at a premium to par value, when borrowers prepay their loans faster than expected, the corresponding prepayments on the mortgage-related securities may reduce the expected yield on such securities because we will have to amortize the related premium on an accelerated basis. Conversely, if we purchase assets at a discount to par value, when borrowers prepay their loans slower than expected, the decrease in corresponding prepayments on the mortgage-related securities may reduce the expected yield on such securities because we will not be able to accrete the related discount as quickly as originally anticipated. In addition, as a result of the risk of prepayment, the market value of the prepaid assets may benefit less than other fixed income securities from declining interest rates. 
 Prepayment rates on loans may be affected by a number of factors including, but not limited to, the then-current level of interest rates and credit spreads, fluctuations in asset values, the availability of mortgage credit, the relative economic vitality of the area in which the related properties are located, the servicing of the loans, possible changes in tax laws, other opportunities for investment, and other economic, social, geographic, demographic and legal factors and other factors beyond our control. Consequently, such prepayment rates cannot be predicted with certainty and no strategy can completely insulate us from prepayment or other such risks. 
 We invest in preferred equity interests, which involve a greater risk than conventional senior, junior or mezzanine debt financing. 
 Our preferred equity investments involve a higher degree of risk than conventional debt financing due to a variety of factors, including their non-collateralized nature and subordinated ranking to other loans and liabilities of the entity in which such preferred equity is held. Accordingly, if the issuer defaults on our investment, we would only be able to proceed against such entity in accordance with the terms of the preferred security, and not against any property owned by such entity. Furthermore, in the event of bankruptcy or foreclosure, we would only be able to recoup our investment after all lenders to, and other creditors of, such entity are paid in full. As a result, we may lose all or a significant part of our investment, which could result in significant losses, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 We invest in commercial properties subject to net leases, which could subject us to losses. 
 We invest in commercial properties subject to net leases. Typically, net leases require the tenants to pay substantially all of the operating costs associated with the properties. As a result, the value of, and income from, investments in commercial properties subject to net leases will depend, in part, upon the tenant maintaining or renewing its lease and the ability of the applicable tenant to meet its obligations to maintain the property under the terms of the net lease. If a tenant fails or becomes unable to maintain a property or maintain or renew its lease, we will be subject to all risks associated with owning the underlying real estate. Under many net leases, however, the owner of the property retains certain obligations with respect to the property, including, among other things, the responsibility for maintenance and repair of the property, to provide adequate parking, maintenance of common areas and compliance with other affirmative covenants in the lease. If we were to fail to meet any such obligations, the applicable tenant could abate rent or terminate the applicable lease, which could result in a loss of our capital invested in, and anticipated profits from, the property. 
 We expect that some commercial properties subject to net leases in which we invest generally will be occupied by a single tenant and, therefore, the success of these investments will be materially dependent on the financial stability of each such tenant and, in certain circumstances, renewing or extending its lease. A default of any such tenant on its lease payments to us or failure to renew would cause us to lose the revenue from the property and cause us to have to find an alternative source of revenue to meet operating expenses or any mortgage payment and prevent a foreclosure if the property is subject to a mortgage. In the event of a default, we may experience delays in enforcing our rights as landlord and may incur substantial costs in protecting our investment and re-letting our property. If a lease is terminated, we may also incur significant losses to make the leased premises ready for another tenant and experience difficulty or a significant delay in re-leasing such property. 
 In addition, net leases typically have longer lease terms and, thus, there is an increased risk that contractual rental increases or renewal rights and associated rates in future years will fail to result in fair market rental rates during those years. 
 We may acquire these investments through sale-leaseback transactions, which involve the purchase of a property and the leasing of such property back to the seller thereof. If we enter into a sale-leaseback transaction, we will seek to structure any such sale-leaseback transaction such that the lease will be characterized as a true lease for U.S. federal income tax purposes, thereby allowing us to be treated as the owner of the property for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However, we cannot assure you that the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS will not challenge such characterization. In the event that any such sale-leaseback transaction is challenged and recharacterized as a financing transaction or loan for U.S. federal income tax purposes, deductions for depreciation and cost recovery relating to such property would be disallowed. If a sale-leaseback transaction were so recharacterized, we might fail to satisfy the REIT qualification asset tests or income tests and, consequently, lose 

19 

Table of Contents 

 our REIT status effective with the year of recharacterization. Alternatively, the amount of our REIT taxable income could be recalculated, which might also cause us to fail to meet the REIT distribution requirement for a taxable year. 
 We invest in CRE securities, including CMBS and CDOs, which entail certain heightened risks and are subject to losses. 
 We have invested and may invest in a variety of CRE securities, including CMBS, CDOs and other subordinate securities. The market for CRE securities is dependent upon liquidity for refinancing and may be negatively impacted by a slowdown in new issuance. For example, the equity interests of CDOs are illiquid and often must be held by a REIT. CRE securities such as CMBS may be subject to particular risks, including lack of standardized terms and payment of all or substantially all of the principal only at maturity rather than regular amortization of principal. The value of CRE securities may change due to interest rates, credit spreads, as well as shifts in the market s perception of issuers and regulatory or tax changes adversely affecting the CRE debt market as a whole. The exercise of remedies and successful realization of liquidation proceeds relating to CRE securities may be highly dependent upon the performance of the servicer or special servicer. Ratings for CRE securities can also adversely affect their value. 
 Our investments in CMBS and CDOs are also subject to losses. In general, losses on a mortgaged property securing a mortgage loan included in a securitization will be borne first by the equity holder of the property, then by a cash reserve fund or letter of credit, if any, then by the holder of a mezzanine loan or B-Note, if any, then by the first loss subordinated security holder (generally, the B-Piece buyer) and then by the holder of a higher-rated security. In the event of default and the exhaustion of any equity support, reserve fund, letter of credit, mezzanine loans or B-Notes, and any classes of securities junior to those in which we invest, we will not be able to recover all of our investment in the securities we purchase. In addition, if the underlying mortgage portfolio has been overvalued by the originator, or if the values subsequently decline and, as a result, less collateral is available to satisfy interest and principal payments due on the related CMBS or CDO, there would be an increased risk of loss. The prices of lower credit quality securities are generally less sensitive to interest rate changes than more highly rated investments, but more sensitive to adverse economic downturns or individual issuer developments. 
 Adverse changes in general economic conditions could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business is closely tied to general economic conditions of the areas where our investments are located and in the real estate industry generally. As a result, our economic performance, the value of our CRE debt and debt-like investments, real estate and real estate-related investments, and our ability to implement our business strategies may be significantly and adversely affected by changes in economic conditions in the United States where a substantial number of our investments are located and in international geographic areas, as applicable. The condition of the real estate markets in which we operate is cyclical and depends on the condition of the economy in the United States and Europe and elsewhere as a whole and to the perceptions of investors of the overall economic outlook. Rising interest rates, declining employment levels, declining demand for real estate, declining real estate values or periods of general economic slowdown or recession, public health crises such as the COVID-19 pandemic, increasing political instability or uncertainty, or the perception that any of these events may occur have negatively impacted the real estate market in the past and may in the future negatively impact our operating performance. Declining real estate values could reduce our level of new loan originations and make borrowers less likely to service the principal and interest on our CRE debt investments. Slower than expected economic growth pressured by a strained labor market, could result in lower occupancy rates and lower lease rates across many property types, which could create obstacles for us to achieve our business plans. Unforeseen global events such as the COVID-19 pandemic may create significant dislocation in the financial markets, which could impact our lenders willingness or ability to provide us with financing and we could be forced to sell our assets at an inopportune time when prices are depressed. In addition, the economic condition of each local market where we operate may depend on one or more key industries within that market, which, in turn, makes our business sensitive to the performance of those industries. 
 Adverse changes in general economic conditions may also disrupt the debt and equity capital markets and lack of access to capital or prohibitively high costs of obtaining or replacing capital may materially and adversely affect our business. 
 We have only a limited ability to change our portfolio promptly in response to economic or other conditions. Certain significant expenditures, such as debt service costs, real estate taxes, and operating and maintenance costs, are generally not reduced when market conditions are poor. These factors impede us from responding quickly to changes in the performance of our investments and could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Inflation, along with government measures to control inflation, may have an adverse effect on our investments. 
 The United States and other countries have in the past experienced extremely high rates of inflation. Inflation, along with governmental measures to control inflation, coupled with public speculation about possible future governmental measures to be adopted, has had significant negative effects on national, regional and local economies in the past and this could occur again in the future. The introduction of governmental policies to curb inflation can have an adverse effect on our business. High 

20 

Table of Contents 

 inflation in the United States and other countries in which we conduct our investment activities and hold our investments could increase our expenses and we may not be able to pass these increased costs on to our borrowers. Additionally, warehouse lenders may take a more conservative stance by increasing funding costs, which may also lead to margin calls causing a negative impact on our liquidity. Similarly, inflationary factors may have a negative impact on our underlying borrowers, collateral and business plans, which could adversely affect the performance of our investments and results from operations. 
 Shifts in consumer patterns, work from home policies and advances in communication and information technology that affect the use of traditional retail, hotel and office space may have an adverse impact on the value of certain of our debt and equity investments. 
 In recent periods, and accelerated by the restrictions and lockdowns associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, sales by online retailers have increased, and many retailers operating brick and mortar stores have made online sales a vital piece of their businesses. Some of our debt and equity investments involve exposure to the ongoing operations of brick and mortar retailers. Our loans collateralized by hotels, retail and office properties and mezzanine loans and preferred equity interests are disproportionately impacted by the effects of COVID-19. 
 Technology and work from home policies have and will continue to impact the use of office space and the adaption and evolution of such policies and technology have accelerated due to the restrictions and lockdowns associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. The office market has seen a shift in the use of space due to the availability of practices such as telecommuting, videoconferencing and, prior to the pandemic, renting shared work spaces. These trends have led to more efficient workspace layouts and higher percentages of employees working from home and, therefore, a decrease in square feet leased per employee. While the social distancing required as a result of COVID-19 may lead some tenants to require more space, at least in the short term, the continuing impact of technology could result in tenant downsizings upon renewal, or in tenants seeking office space outside of the typical central business district. These trends could continue to cause an increase in vacancy rates and a decrease in demand for new supply, and could impact the value of our debt and equity investments. 
 Technology platforms such as AirBnB and VRBO have provided leisure and business travelers with lodging options outside of the hotel industry. These services effectively have increased the supply of rooms available in many major markets. This additional supply could negatively impact the occupancy and room rates at more traditional hotels. 
 As a result of the foregoing, the value of our debt and equity investments, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We are subject to significant competition, and we may not be able to compete successfully for investments, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to significant competition for attractive investment opportunities from other financing institutions and investors, including those focused primarily on real estate and real estate-related investment activities, some of which have greater financial resources than we do, including publicly traded REITs, non-traded REITs, insurance companies, commercial and investment banking firms, private institutional funds, hedge funds, private equity funds and other investors. Our competitors, including other REITs, may raise significant amounts of capital, and may have investment objectives that overlap with our investment objectives, which may create additional competition for lending and other investment opportunities. Some of our competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access to funding sources that may not be available to us or are only available to us on substantially less attractive terms. Many of our competitors are not subject to the operating constraints associated with REIT tax compliance or maintenance of an exclusion or exemption from the Investment Company Act. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more lending relationships than we can. If we pay higher prices for investments or originate loans on less advantageous terms to us, our returns may be lower and the value of our assets may not increase or may decrease significantly below the amount we paid for such assets. As we reinvest capital, we may not realize risk adjusted returns that are as attractive as those we have realized in the past. In addition, further changes in the financial regulatory regime could decrease the current restrictions on banks and other financial institutions and allow them to compete with us for investment opportunities that were previously not available to them. 
 As a result of this competition, desirable loans and investments in our target assets may be limited in the future, and we may not be able to take advantage of attractive lending and investment opportunities from time to time. In addition, reduced CRE transaction volume could increase competition for available investment opportunities. We can provide no assurance that we will be able to identify and originate loans or make investments that are consistent with our investment objectives. We cannot assure you that the competitive pressures we face will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

21 

Table of Contents 

 We may not have control over certain of our loans and investments. 
 Our ability to manage our portfolio of loans and investments may be limited by the form in which they are made. In certain situations, we may: 
 acquire investments subject to rights of senior classes, special servicers or collateral managers under intercreditor, servicing agreements or securitization documents; 
 pledge our investments as collateral for financing arrangements; 
 acquire only a minority and/or a noncontrolling participation in an underlying investment; 
 co-invest with others through partnerships, joint ventures or other entities, thereby acquiring noncontrolling interests; or 
 rely on independent third-party management or servicing with respect to the management of an asset. 
 Therefore, we may not be able to exercise control over all aspects of our loans or investments. Such financial assets may involve risks not present in investments where senior creditors, junior creditors, servicers or third parties controlling investors are not involved. Our rights to control the process following a borrower default may be subject to the rights of senior or junior creditors or servicers whose interests may not be aligned with ours. A partner or co-venturer may have financial difficulties resulting in a negative impact on such asset, may have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours, or may be in a position to take action contrary to our investment objectives. In addition, we may, in certain circumstances, be liable for the actions of our partners or co-venturers. 
 Most of the commercial mortgage loans that we originate or acquire are non-recourse loans. 
 Except for customary non-recourse carve-outs for certain actions and environmental liability, most commercial mortgage loans are effectively non-recourse obligations of the sponsor and borrower, meaning that there is no recourse against the assets of the borrower or sponsor other than the underlying collateral. In the event of any default under a commercial mortgage loan held directly by us, we will bear a risk of loss to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the collateral and the principal of and accrued interest on the mortgage loan, which could materially and adversely affect us. There can be no assurance that the value of the assets securing our commercial mortgage loans will not deteriorate over time due to factors beyond our control, as was the case during the credit crisis and the economic recession that began in 2008 or in asset volatility experienced during and continuing from the COVID-19 pandemic. Even if a commercial mortgage loan is recourse to the borrower (or if a non-recourse carve-out to the borrower applies), in most cases, the borrower s assets are limited primarily to its interest in the related mortgaged property. Further, although a commercial mortgage loan may provide for limited recourse to a principal or affiliate of the related borrower, there is no assurance that any recovery from such principal or affiliate will be made or that such principal s or affiliate s assets would be sufficient to pay any otherwise recoverable claim. In the event of the bankruptcy of a borrower, the loan to such borrower will be deemed to be secured only to the extent of the value of the underlying collateral at the time of bankruptcy (as determined by the bankruptcy court), and the lien securing the loan will be subject to the avoidance powers of the bankruptcy trustee or debtor-in-possession to the extent the lien is unenforceable under state law. 
 We may be subject to risks associated with future advance or capital expenditure obligations, such as declining real estate values and operating performance. 
 Our CRE debt investments may require us to advance future funds. We may also need to fund capital expenditures and other significant expenses for our real estate property investments. Future funding obligations subject us to significant risks, such as a decline in value of the property, cost overruns and the borrower or tenant may be unable to generate enough cash flow and execute its business plan, or sell or refinance the property, in order to repay its obligations to us. We could determine that we need to fund more money than we originally anticipated in order to maximize the value of our investment even though there is no assurance additional funding would be the best course of action. Further, future funding obligations may require us to maintain higher liquidity than we might otherwise maintain and this could reduce the overall return on our investments. We could also find ourselves in a position with insufficient liquidity to fund future obligations. 
 We may be unable to restructure our investments in a manner that we believe maximizes value, particularly if we are one of multiple creditors in a large capital structure. 
 In order to maximize value, we may be more likely to extend and work out an investment rather than pursue other remedies such as taking title to collateral. However, in situations where there are multiple creditors in large capital structures, it can be particularly difficult to assess the most likely course of action that a lender group or the borrower may take and it may also be difficult to achieve consensus among the lender group as to major decisions. Consequently, there could be a wide range of potential principal recovery outcomes, the timing of which can be unpredictable, based on the strategy pursued by a lender group or other applicable parties. These multiple creditor situations tend to be associated with larger loans. If we are one of a 

22 

Table of Contents 

 group of lenders, we may not independently control the decision-making. Consequently, we may be unable to restructure an investment in a manner that we believe would maximize value. 
 We have invested in, and may continue to invest in, certain assets with lower credit quality, which will increase our risk of losses and may reduce distributions to stockholders and may adversely affect the value of our common stock. 
 We have invested in, and may continue to invest in, unrated or non-investment grade CRE securities or investments whose ratings have been downgraded or withdrawn, enter into leases with unrated tenants or participate in subordinate, unrated or distressed mortgage loans. The non-investment grade ratings for these assets typically result from the overall leverage of the loans, the lack of a strong operating history for the borrower owners or the properties underlying the loans or securities, the borrowers credit history, the properties underlying cash flow or other factors. Because the ability of obligors of properties and mortgages, including mortgage loans underlying CMBS, to make rent or principal and interest payments may be impaired during an economic downturn, prices of lower credit quality investments and CRE securities may decline. As a result, these investments may have a higher risk of default and loss than investment grade rated assets and may significantly decline in value. The existing credit support in the securitization structure may be insufficient to protect us against loss of our principal on these investments. Any loss we incur may be significant, reduce distributions to stockholders and adversely affect the value of our common stock. 
 Insurance may not cover all potential losses on CRE investments, which may impair the value of our assets. 
 We generally require that each of the borrowers under our CRE debt investments obtain comprehensive insurance covering the collateral, including liability, fire and extended coverage. We also generally obtain insurance directly on any property we acquire. However, there are certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as earthquakes, floods and hurricanes that may be uninsurable or not economically insurable. We may not obtain, or require borrowers to obtain, certain types of insurance if it is deemed commercially unreasonable. Inflation, changes in building codes and ordinances, environmental considerations and other factors also might make it infeasible to use insurance proceeds to replace a property if it is damaged or destroyed. Further, it is possible that our borrowers could breach their obligations to us and not maintain sufficient insurance coverage. Under such circumstances, the insurance proceeds, if any, might not be adequate to restore the economic value of the property, which might decrease the value of the property and in turn impair our investment. 
 The leases at the properties underlying CRE debt investments or the properties held by us may not be relet or renewed on favorable terms, or at all, which may result in a reduction in our net income, and as a result we may be required to reduce or eliminate cash distributions to stockholders. 
 Our investments in real estate will be pressured if economic conditions and rental markets continue to be challenging. For instance, upon expiration or early termination of leases for space located at our properties, the space may not be relet or, if relet, the terms of the renewal or reletting (including the cost of required renovations or concessions to tenants) may be less favorable than current lease terms. We may be receiving above market rental rates which will decrease upon renewal, which will adversely impact our income and could harm our ability to service our debt and operate successfully. Weak economic conditions would likely reduce tenants ability to make rent payments in accordance with the contractual terms of their leases and lead to early termination of leases. Furthermore, commercial space needs may contract, resulting in lower lease renewal rates and longer releasing periods when leases are not renewed. Any of these situations may result in extended periods where there is a significant decline in revenues or no revenues generated by a property. Additionally, to the extent that market rental rates are reduced, property-level cash flow would likely be negatively affected as existing leases renew at lower rates. If we are unable to relet or renew leases for all or substantially all of the space at these properties, if the rental rates upon such renewal or reletting are significantly lower than expected, or if our reserves for these purposes prove inadequate, we will experience a reduction in net income and may be required to reduce or eliminate cash distributions to stockholders. 
 Our investment strategy may not be successful, or there may be delays, in locating or allocating suitable investments, which could limit our ability to make distributions and lower the overall return on stockholders investment. 
 Our investment strategy may not be successful in locating suitable investments on financially attractive terms. If we, are unable to find and allocate suitable investments promptly, we may hold the funds available for investment in an interest-bearing account or invest the proceeds in short-term assets. We expect that the income we earn on these temporary investments will not be substantial. In the event we are unable to timely locate suitable investments, we may be unable or limited in our ability to pay distributions, and we may not be able to meet our investment objectives. Further, the more money we have available for investment, the more difficult it will be to invest the funds promptly and on attractive terms. If we are able to identify suitable investments, it may not be successful in consummating the investment, resulting in increased costs and diversion in the investment professionals time, or if consummated, the returns on the investments may be below expectations. 

23 

Table of Contents 

 The due diligence process that we undertake in regard to investment opportunities may not reveal all facts that may be relevant in connection with an investment and if we incorrectly evaluate the risks of our investments, we may experience losses. 
 The success of our origination or acquisition of investments significantly depends on the financial stability of the borrowers and tenants underlying such investments. Before making a loan to a borrower, we assess the strength and skills of an entity s management and other factors that we believe are material to the performance of the investment. In making the assessment and otherwise conducting customary due diligence, we rely on the resources available to us and, in some cases, an investigation by third parties. Appraisals and engineering and environmental reports, as well as a variety of other third-party reports are not guarantees of present or future value. One appraiser may reach a different conclusion than the conclusion that would be reached if a different appraiser were appraising that property. Moreover, the values of the properties may have fluctuated significantly since the appraisals were performed. In addition, any third-party report, including any engineering report, environmental report, site inspection or appraisal represents only the analysis of the individual consultant, engineer or inspector preparing such report at the time of such report, and may not reveal all necessary or desirable repairs, maintenance, remediation and capital improvement items. There can be no assurance that our due diligence processes will uncover all relevant facts or that any investment will be successful. The inability of a single major borrower or tenant, or a number of smaller borrowers or tenants, to meet their payment obligations could result in reduced revenue or losses. 
 Because real estate investments are relatively illiquid, we may not be able to vary our portfolio in response to changes in economic and other conditions, which may result in losses to us. 
 Many of our investments are illiquid. A variety of factors could make it difficult for us to dispose of any of our assets on acceptable terms even if a disposition is in the best interests of stockholders. We cannot predict whether we will be able to sell any property for the price or on the terms set by us or whether any price or other terms offered by a prospective purchaser would be acceptable to us. We also cannot predict the length of time needed to find a willing purchaser and to close the sale of a property. Certain properties may also be subject to transfer restrictions that materially restrict us from selling that property for a period of time or impose other restrictions, such as a limitation on the amount of financing that can be placed or repaid on that property. We may be required to expend cash to correct defects or to make improvements before a property can be sold, and we cannot provide assurance that we will have cash available to correct those defects or to make those improvements. The Code also places limits on our ability as a REIT to sell certain properties held for fewer than two years. 
 Borrowers under certain of our CRE debt investments may give their tenants or other persons similar rights with respect to the collateral. Similarly, we may also determine to give our tenants a right of first refusal or similar options. Such rights could negatively affect the residual value or marketability of the property and impede our ability to sell the collateral or the property. 
 As a result, our ability to sell investments in response to changes in economic and other conditions could be limited. To the extent we are unable to sell any property for its book value or at all, we may be required to take a non-cash impairment charge or loss on the sale, either of which would reduce our earnings. Limitations on our ability to respond to adverse changes in the performance of our investments may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to make distributions to stockholders. 
 Our joint venture partners could take actions that decrease the value of an investment to us and lower our overall return. 
 We currently have, and may in the future enter into, joint ventures with third parties. We may also make investments in partnerships or other co-ownership arrangements or participations. Such investments may involve risks not otherwise present with other methods of investment, including, for instance, the following risks: 
 our joint venture partner in an investment could become insolvent or bankrupt; 
 fraud or other misconduct by our joint venture partners; 
 we may share decision-making authority with our joint venture partners regarding certain major decisions affecting the ownership of the joint venture and the joint venture investment, such as the management of the CRE debt, sale of the property or the making of additional capital contributions for the benefit of the loan or property, which may prevent us from taking actions that are opposed by our joint venture partner; 
 such joint venture partner may at any time have economic or business interests or goals that are or that become in conflict with our business interests or goals, including for example the management of the CRE debt or operation of the properties; 
 such joint venture partner may be in a position to take action contrary to our instructions or requests or contrary to our policies or objectives; 

24 

Table of Contents 

 our joint venture partners may be structured differently than us for tax purposes and this could create conflicts of interest and risk to our REIT status; 
 we may rely upon our joint venture partners to manage the day-to-day operations of the joint venture and underlying loans or assets, as well as to prepare financial information for the joint venture and any failure to perform these obligations may have a negative impact our performance and results of operations; 
 our joint venture partner may experience a change of control, which could result in new management of our joint venture partner with less experience or conflicting interests to ours and be disruptive to our business; 
 the terms of our joint ventures could restrict our ability to sell or transfer our interest to a third party when we desire on advantageous terms, which could result in reduced liquidity; and 
 our joint venture partners may not have sufficient personnel or appropriate levels of expertise to adequately support our initiatives 
 Any of the above might subject us to liabilities and thus reduce our returns on our investment with that joint venture partner. In addition, disagreements or disputes between us and our joint venture partner could result in litigation, which could increase our expenses and potentially limit the time and effort our officers and directors are able to devote to our business. 
 Further, in some instances, we and/or our partner may have the right to trigger a buy-sell arrangement, which could cause us to sell our interest, or acquire our partner s interest, at a time when we otherwise would not have initiated such a transaction. Our ability to acquire our partner s interest may be limited if we do not have sufficient cash, available borrowing capacity or other capital resources. In such event, we may be forced to sell our interest in the joint venture when we would otherwise prefer to retain it. 
 Our investments that are not denominated in U.S. dollars subject us to currency rate exposure and may adversely impact our status as a REIT. 
 We have investments in triple net leases, other real estate investments and loans that are denominated in euros and the Norwegian kroner, and may in the future have investments denominated in other foreign currencies, which expose us to foreign currency risk due to potential fluctuations in exchange rates between foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar. A change in foreign currency exchange rates may have an adverse impact on the valuation of our equity in foreign investments and loans denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. We may not be able to successfully hedge the foreign currency exposure and may incur losses on these investments as a result of exchange rate fluctuations. 
 In addition, changes in foreign currency exchange rates used to value a REIT s foreign assets may be considered changes in the value of the REIT s assets. These changes may adversely affect our status as a REIT. Further, bank accounts in foreign currency which are not considered cash or cash equivalents may adversely affect our status as a REIT. 
 Our operations in Europe and elsewhere expose our business to risks inherent in conducting business in foreign markets. 
 A portion of our revenues are sourced from our foreign operations in Europe and elsewhere or other foreign markets. Accordingly, our firm-wide results of operations depend in part on our foreign operations. Conducting business abroad carries significant risks, including: 
 our REIT tax status not being respected under foreign laws, in which case any income or gains from foreign sources could be subject to foreign taxes and withholding taxes; 
 changes in real estate and other tax rates, the tax treatment of transaction structures and other changes in operating expenses in a particular country where we have an investment; 
 restrictions and limitations relating to the repatriation of profits; 
 complexity and costs of staffing and managing international operations; 
 the burden of complying with multiple and potentially conflicting laws; 
 changes in relative interest rates; 
 translation and transaction risks related to fluctuations in foreign currency and exchange rates; 
 lack of uniform accounting standards (including availability of information in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP )); 
 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 
 the impact of different business cycles and economic instability; 

25 

Table of Contents 

 inflation and governmental measures to control inflation; 
 political instability and civil unrest; 
 legal and logistical barriers to enforcing our contractual rights, including in perfecting our security interests, collecting accounts receivable, foreclosing on secured assets and protecting our interests as a creditor in bankruptcies in certain geographic regions; 
 share ownership restrictions on foreign operations; 
 compliance with U.S. laws affecting operations outside of the United States, including sanctions laws, or anti-bribery laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA and 
 geographic, time zone, language and cultural differences between personnel in different areas of the world. 
 Each of these risks might adversely affect our performance and impair our ability to make distributions to our stockholders required to qualify and remain qualified as a REIT. In addition, there is generally less publicly available information about foreign companies and a lack of uniform financial accounting standards and practices (including the availability of information in accordance with GAAP) which could impair our ability to analyze transactions and receive timely and accurate financial information from our investments necessary to meet our reporting obligations to financial institutions or governmental or regulatory agencies. 
 Concerns persist regarding the debt burden of certain Eurozone countries and their ability to meet future financial obligations. These concerns could materially adversely affect the value of our euro-denominated assets and obligations. 
 In addition, the United Kingdom completed its withdrawal from the European Union effective as of January 1, 2021. The long-term consequences as a result of the United Kingdom s withdrawal from the European Union are still unknown and unpredictable. Uncertainty about global or regional economic conditions, and the regulation and availability of financial services, poses a risk as consumers and businesses may postpone spending in response to tighter credit, negative financial news, and declines in income or asset values, which could adversely affect the availability of financing, our business and our results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Financing Strategy 
 Our indebtedness may subject us to increased risk of loss and could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We use a variety of structures to finance the origination and acquisition of our investments, including our credit facilities, securitization financing transactions and other term borrowings, including repurchase agreements. Subject to market conditions and availability, we may incur a significant amount of debt through bank credit facilities (including term loans and revolving facilities), warehouse facilities and structured financing arrangements, public and private debt issuances and derivative instruments, in addition to transaction or asset-specific funding arrangements and additional repurchase agreements. We may also issue debt or equity securities to fund our growth. The type and percentage of leverage we employ will vary depending on our available capital, our ability to obtain and access financing arrangements with lenders, the type of asset we are funding, whether the financing is recourse or nonrecourse, debt restrictions contained in those financing arrangements and the lenders and rating agencies estimate of the stability of our investment portfolio s cash flow. We may significantly increase the amount of leverage we utilize at any time without approval of our Board of Directors. In addition, we may leverage individual assets at substantially higher levels. We may be unable to obtain necessary additional financing on favorable terms or, with respect to our investments, on terms that parallel the maturities of the debt originated or acquired, if we are able to obtain additional financing at all. If our strategy is not viable, we will have to find alternative forms of long-term financing for our assets, as secured revolving credit facilities and repurchase agreements may not accommodate long-term financing. Because repurchase agreements are short-term commitments of capital, lenders may respond to market conditions making it more difficult for us to renew or replace on a continuous basis our maturing short-term borrowings and have and may continue to impose more onerous conditions when rolling such financings. If we are not able to renew our existing facilities or arrange for new financing on terms acceptable to us, or if we default on our covenants or are otherwise unable to access funds under our financing facilities or if we are required to post more collateral or face larger haircuts, we may have to curtail our asset acquisition activities and/or dispose of assets. If we do obtain additional debt or financing, the substantial debt could subject us to many risks that, if realized, would materially and adversely affect us, including the risk that: 
 our cash flow from operations may be insufficient to make required payments of principal of and interest on our debt or we may fail to comply with covenants contained in our debt agreements, which is likely to result in (1) acceleration of such debt (and any other debt containing a cross-default or cross-acceleration provision), which we then may be unable to repay from internal funds or to refinance on favorable terms, or at all, (2) our inability to borrow undrawn 

26 

Table of Contents 

 amounts under our financing arrangements, even if we are current in payments on borrowings under those arrangements, which would result in a decrease in our liquidity, and/or (3) the loss of some or all of our collateral assets to foreclosure or sale; 
 our debt may increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions with no assurance that investment yields will increase in an amount sufficient to offset the higher financing costs; 
 we may be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for operations, future business opportunities, stockholder distributions or other purposes; 
 we may not be able to refinance any debt that matures prior to the maturity (or realization) of an underlying investment it was used to finance on favorable terms or at all; and 
 we will have increased exposure to risks if the counterparties of our debt obligations are impacted by credit market turmoil or exposure to financial or other pressures. 
 There can be no assurance that a leveraging strategy will be successful and may subject us to increased risk of loss, harm our liquidity and could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our master repurchase agreements impose, and additional lending facilities may impose, restrictive covenants, which would restrict our flexibility to determine our operating policies and investment strategy and to conduct our business. 
 We borrow funds under master repurchase agreements with various counterparties. The documents that govern these master repurchase agreements and the related guarantees contain, and additional lending facilities may contain, customary affirmative and negative covenants, including financial covenants applicable to us that may restrict our ability to further incur borrowings, restrict our distributions to stockholders prohibit us from discontinuing insurance coverage and restrict our flexibility to determine our operating policies and investment strategy. In particular, our master repurchase agreements require us to maintain a certain amount of cash or set aside assets sufficient to maintain a specified liquidity position that would allow us to satisfy our collateral obligations. As a result, we may not be able to leverage our assets as fully as we would otherwise choose, which could reduce our return on assets. If we fail to meet or satisfy any of these covenants, we would be in default under these agreements, and our lenders could elect to declare outstanding amounts due and payable, terminate their commitments, require the posting of additional collateral and enforce their interests against existing collateral. We may also be subject to cross-default and acceleration rights in our other debt facilities. Further, this could also make it difficult for us to satisfy the requirements necessary to maintain our qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes or to maintain our exclusion from registration under the Investment Company Act. In addition, in the event that the lender files for bankruptcy or becomes insolvent, our loans may become subject to bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, thus depriving us, at least temporarily, of the benefit of these assets. Such an event could restrict our access to bank credit facilities and increase our cost of capital. Our master repurchase agreements also grant certain consent rights to the lenders thereunder, which give them the right to consent to certain modifications to the pledged collateral. This could limit our ability to manage a pledged investment in a way that we think would provide the best outcome for our stockholders. 
 These types of financing arrangements also involve the risk that the market value of the assets pledged or sold by us to the provider of the financing may decline in value, in which case the lender or counterparty may require us to provide additional collateral or lead to margin calls that may require us to repay all or a portion of the funds advanced. Typically, repurchase agreements grant the lender the absolute right to reevaluate the fair market value of the assets that cover outstanding borrowings at any time. These valuations may be different than the values that we ascribe to these assets and may be influenced by recent asset sales and distressed levels by forced sellers. In these circumstances, we may not have the funds available to repay our debt at that time, which would likely result in defaults unless we are able to raise the funds from alternative sources including by selling assets at a time when we might not otherwise choose to do so, which we may not be able to achieve on favorable terms or at all. 
 Posting additional collateral would reduce our cash available to make other, higher yielding investments (thereby decreasing our return on equity). If we cannot meet these requirements, the lender or counterparty could accelerate our indebtedness, increase the interest rate on advanced funds and terminate our ability to borrow funds from it, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and ability to implement our investment strategy. In the case of repurchase transactions, if the value of the underlying security has declined as of the end of that term, or if we default on our obligations under the repurchase agreement, we will likely incur a loss on our repurchase transactions. 
 Significant margin calls could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, business, liquidity and ability to make distributions to our stockholders, and could cause the value of our common stock to decline. In addition, we experienced an increase in haircuts on financings we have rolled. As haircuts are increased, we will be required to post additional collateral. We may also be forced to sell assets at significantly depressed prices to meet such margin calls and to maintain adequate liquidity. As a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, we experienced and may in the future experience 

27 

Table of Contents 

 margins calls well beyond historical norms. Margin calls may also be the result of CRE asset volatility and downward pressures on CRE valuations caused by rising interest rates, inflation and/or recessionary factors. These trends, if continued, will have a negative adverse impact on our assets or liquidity. 
 Interest rate fluctuations could reduce our ability to generate income on our investments and may cause losses. 
 Our financial performance is influenced by changes in interest rates, in particular, as such changes may affect our CRE securities, floating-rate borrowings and CRE debt to the extent such debt does not float as a result of floors or otherwise. Changes in interest rates affect our net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income we earn on our interest-earning investments and the interest expense we incur in financing these investments. Changes in the level of interest rates also may affect our ability to originate and acquire assets, the value of our assets and our ability to realize gains from the disposition of assets. Changes in interest rates may also affect borrower default rates. In a period of rising interest rates, our interest expense could increase, while the interest we earn on our fixed-rate debt investments would not change, adversely affecting our profitability. Our operating results depend in large part on differences between the income from our assets, net of credit losses, and our financing costs. We anticipate that for any period during which our assets are not match-funded (when we match maturities and interest rates of our liabilities with our assets to manage risks of being forced to refinance), the income from such assets will respond more slowly to interest rate fluctuations than the cost of our borrowings. We may fail to appropriately employ a match-funded structure on favorable terms or at all. Consequently, changes in interest rates particularly short term interest rates may significantly influence our net income. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political conditions and other factors beyond our control. Interest rate fluctuations resulting in our interest expense exceeding interest income would result in operating losses for us. 
 Hedging against interest rate and currency exposure, and conversely, closing out of such hedges, may adversely affect our earnings, limit our gains or result in losses, which could adversely affect cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 We may enter into swap, cap or floor agreements or pursue other interest rate or currency hedging strategies. Our hedging activity will vary in scope based on interest rate levels, currency exposure, the type of investments held and other changing market conditions. Interest rate and/or currency hedging may fail to protect or could adversely affect us because, among other things: 
 interest rate and/or currency hedging can be expensive, particularly during periods of rising and volatile interest rates; 
 available interest rate and/or currency hedging may not correspond directly with the interest rate risk for which protection is sought; 
 the duration of the hedge may not match the duration of the related liability or asset; 
 our hedging opportunities may be limited by the treatment of income from hedging transactions under the rules determining REIT qualification; 
 the credit quality of the party owing money on the hedge may be downgraded to such an extent that it impairs our ability to sell or assign our side of the hedging transaction; 
 the counterparties with which we trade may cease making markets and quoting prices in such instruments, which may render us unable to enter into an offsetting transaction with respect to an open position; 
 the party owing money in the hedging transaction may default on its obligation to pay; 
 we may purchase a hedge that turns out not to be necessary (i.e., a hedge that is out of the money); and 
 we may enter into hedging arrangements that would require us to fund cash payments in certain circumstances (such as the early termination of the hedging instrument caused by an event of default or other early termination event, or the decision by a counterparty to request margin securities it is contractually owed under the terms of the hedging instrument). 
 Any hedging activity we engage in may adversely affect our earnings, which could adversely affect cash available for distribution to stockholders. Therefore, while we may enter into such transactions to seek to reduce interest rate and/or currency risks, unanticipated changes in interest rates or exchange rates may result in poorer overall investment performance than if we had not engaged in any such hedging transactions. In addition, the degree of correlation between price movements of the instruments used in a hedging strategy and price movements in the portfolio positions being hedged or liabilities being hedged may vary materially. Moreover, for a variety of reasons, we may not be able to establish a perfect correlation between hedging instruments and the investments being hedged. Any such imperfect correlation may prevent us from achieving the intended hedge and expose us to risk of loss. We may also be exposed to liquidity issues as a result of margin calls or settlement of derivative hedges. Our hedging activities, if not undertaken in compliance with certain U.S. federal income tax requirements, 

28 

Table of Contents 

 could also adversely affect our ability to qualify for taxation as a REIT. In addition, hedging instruments involve risk since they often are not traded on regulated exchanges, guaranteed by an exchange or its clearing house, or regulated by any U.S. or foreign governmental authorities. Consequently, there are no regulatory or statutory requirements with respect to record keeping, financial responsibility or segregation of customer funds and positions. Furthermore, the enforceability of agreements underlying derivative transactions may depend on compliance with applicable statutory, commodity and other regulatory requirements and, depending on the identity of the counterparty, applicable international requirements. 
 Conversely, we may decide from time to time to close out, or terminate a portion of, our outstanding hedges upon the determination that they are no longer effective, which may result in incurring realized losses and increased exposure to interest rate and currency risks, which may have an adverse effect on the value of our loans, securities, long-term debt obligations and other assets we own that are sensitive to changes in benchmark interest and currency rates. 
 We use short-term borrowings to finance our investments, and we may need to use such borrowings for extended periods of time to the extent we are unable to access long-term financing. This may expose us to increased risks associated with decreases in the fair value of the underlying collateral, which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 While we have and may continue to seek non-recourse, non-mark-to-market, matched-term, long-term financing through securitization financing transactions or other structures, such financing may be unavailable to us on favorable terms or at all. Consequently, we may be dependent on short-term financing arrangements that are not matched in duration to our financial assets. Short-term borrowing through repurchase arrangements, credit facilities and other types of borrowings may put our assets and financial condition at risk. Repurchase agreements economically resemble short-term, floating rate financing and usually require the maintenance of specific loan-to-collateral value ratios. Posting additional collateral to support our financing arrangements could significantly reduce our liquidity and limit our ability to leverage our assets. Furthermore, the cost of borrowings may increase substantially if lenders view us as having increased credit risk during periods of market distress. Any such short-term financing may also be recourse to us, which will increase the risk of our investments. 
 In addition, the value of assets underlying any such short-term financing may be marked-to-market periodically by the lender, including on a daily basis. To the extent these financing arrangements contain mark-to-market provisions, if the market value of the investments pledged by us declines due to credit quality deterioration, we may be required by our lenders to provide additional collateral or pay down a portion of our borrowings. In a weakening economic environment, we would generally expect credit quality and the value of the investment that serves as collateral for our financing arrangements to decline, and in such a scenario, it is likely that the terms of our financing arrangements would require partial repayment from us, which could be substantial. 
 These facilities may also be restricted to financing certain types of assets, such as first mortgage loans, which could impact our asset allocation. In addition, such short-term borrowing facilities may limit the length of time that any given asset may be used as eligible collateral. As a result, we may not be able to leverage our assets as fully as we would choose, which could reduce our return on assets. Further, such borrowings may require us to maintain a certain amount of cash reserves or to set aside unleveraged assets sufficient to maintain a specified liquidity position that would allow us to satisfy our collateral obligations. In the event that we are unable to meet the collateral obligations for our short-term borrowings, our financial condition could deteriorate rapidly. 
 We are subject to risks associated with obtaining mortgage financing on our real estate, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to make distributions to stockholders. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio had 629 million of total mortgage financing. We are subject to risks normally associated with financing, including the risks that our cash flow is insufficient to make timely payments of interest or principal, that we may be unable to refinance existing borrowings or support collateral obligations and that the terms of refinancing may not be as favorable as the terms of existing borrowing. If we are unable to refinance or extend principal payments due at maturity or pay them with proceeds from other capital transactions or the sale of the underlying property, our cash flow may not be sufficient in all years to make distributions to stockholders and to repay all maturing borrowings. Furthermore, if prevailing interest rates or other factors at the time of refinancing result in higher interest rates upon refinancing, the interest expense relating to that refinanced borrowing would increase, which could reduce our profitability, result in losses and negatively impact the amount of distributions we are able to pay to stockholders. Moreover, additional financing increases the amount of our leverage, which could negatively affect our ability to obtain additional financing in the future or make us more vulnerable in a downturn in our results of operations or the economy generally. 
 Any warehouse facilities that we may obtain in the future may limit our ability to acquire assets, and we may incur losses if the collateral is liquidated. 
 In the event that securitization financings become available, we may utilize, if available, warehouse facilities pursuant to which we would accumulate mortgage loans in anticipation of a securitization financing, which assets would be pledged as collateral 

29 

Table of Contents 

 for such facilities until the securitization transaction is consummated. In order to borrow funds to acquire assets under any future warehouse facilities, we expect that our lenders thereunder would have the right to review the potential assets for which we are seeking financing. We may be unable to obtain the consent of a lender to acquire assets that we believe would be beneficial to us, and we may be unable to obtain alternate financing for such assets. In addition, no assurance can be given that a securitization structure would be consummated with respect to the assets being warehoused. If the securitization is not consummated, the lender could liquidate the warehoused collateral and we would then have to pay any amount by which the original purchase price of the collateral assets exceeds its sale price, subject to negotiated caps, if any, on our exposure. In addition, regardless of whether the securitization is consummated, if any of the warehoused collateral is sold before the consummation, we would have to bear any resulting loss on the sale. Currently, we have no warehouse facilities in place, and no assurance can be given that we will be able to obtain one or more. 
 
 Risks Related to Regulatory Matters 
 The loss of our Investment Company Act exclusion could require us to register as an investment company or substantially change the way we conduct our business, either of which may have an adverse effect on us and the value of our common stock. 
 On August 31, 2011, the SEC published a concept release (Release No. 29778, File No. S7-34-11, Companies Engaged in the Business of Acquiring Mortgages and Mortgage Related Instruments), pursuant to which it is reviewing whether certain companies that invest in MBSs and rely on the exclusion from registration under Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the Investment Company Act, such as us, should continue to be allowed to rely on such an exclusion from registration. If the SEC or its staff takes action with respect to this exclusion, these changes could mean that certain of our subsidiaries could no longer rely on the Section 3(c)(5)(C) exclusion, and would have to rely on Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7), which would mean that our investment in those subsidiaries would be investment securities. This could result in our failure to maintain our exclusion from registration as an investment company. If we fail to maintain an exclusion from registration as an investment company, either because of SEC interpretational changes or otherwise, we could, among other things, be required either: (i) to substantially change the manner in which we conduct our operations to avoid being required to register as an investment company; or (ii) to register as an investment company, either of which could have an adverse effect on us and the value of our common stock. If we are required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we would become subject to substantial regulation with respect to our capital structure (including our ability to use leverage), management, operations, transactions with affiliated persons (as defined in the Investment Company Act), portfolio composition, including restrictions with respect to diversification and industry concentration and other matters. 
 We, through our subsidiary, are subject to extensive regulation, including as an investment adviser in the United States, which could adversely affect our ability to manage our business. 
 Our subsidiary, BrightSpire Capital Advisors, LLC BrightSpire Advisors is subject to regulation as an investment adviser by various regulatory authorities. Instances of criminal activity and fraud by participants in the investment management industry and disclosures of trading and other abuses by participants in the financial services industry have led the U.S. government and regulators in foreign jurisdictions to consider increasing the rules and regulations governing, and oversight of, the financial system. This activity is expected to result in continued changes to the laws and regulations governing the investment management industry and more aggressive enforcement of the existing laws and regulations. BrightSpire Advisors could be subject to civil liability, criminal liability, or sanction, including revocation of its registration as an investment adviser in the United States, revocation of the licenses of its employees, censures, fines or temporary suspension or permanent bar from conducting business if it is found to have violated any of these laws or regulations. Any such liability or sanction could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Risks Related to Taxation 
 We may pay taxable dividends in our common stock and cash, in which case stockholders may sell shares of our common stock to pay tax on such dividends, placing downward pressure on the market price of our common stock. 
 We generally must distribute annually at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (subject to certain adjustments and excluding any net capital gain), in order to qualify as a REIT, and any REIT taxable income that we do not distribute will be subject to U.S. corporate income tax at regular rates. The Board of Directors will evaluate dividends in future periods based upon customary consideration, such as our cash balances, and cash flows and market conditions and could consider paying future dividends in shares of common stock, cash, or a combination of shares of common stock and cash. However, no assurance can be given that we will be able to make distributions to our stockholders at any time in the future or that the level of any distributions we do make to our stockholders will achieve a market yield or increase or even be maintained over time. 
 On August 11, 2017, the IRS issued Revenue Procedure 2017-45, authorizing elective stock dividends to be made by public REITs. Pursuant to this revenue procedure, effective for distributions declared on or after August 11, 2017, the IRS will treat 

30 

Table of Contents 

 the distribution of stock pursuant to an elective stock dividend as a distribution of property under Section 301 of the Code (i.e., as a dividend to the extent of our earnings and profits), as long as at least 20 of the total dividend is available in cash and certain other requirements outlined in the revenue procedure are met. 
 If we make a taxable dividend payable in cash and common stock, taxable stockholders receiving such dividends will be required to include the full amount of the dividend as ordinary income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, stockholders may be required to pay income tax with respect to such dividends in excess of the cash dividends received. If a U.S. stockholder sells the common stock that it receives as a dividend in order to pay this tax, the sales proceeds may be less than the amount included in income with respect to the dividend, depending on the market price of our common stock at the time of the sale. Furthermore, with respect to certain non-U.S. stockholders, we may be required to withhold U.S. federal income tax with respect to such dividends, including in respect of all or a portion of such dividend that is payable in common stock. If we make a taxable dividend payable in cash and our common stock and a significant number of our stockholders determine to sell shares of our common stock in order to pay taxes owed on dividends, it may put downward pressure on the trading price of our common stock. 
 Our qualification as a REIT involves complying with highly technical and complex provisions of the Code. 
 We elected to be taxed as a REIT under the U.S. federal income tax laws commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2018. Our qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex provisions of the Code for which only limited judicial and administrative authorities exist. Even a technical or inadvertent violation could jeopardize our REIT qualification. New legislation, court decisions or administrative guidance, in each case possibly with retroactive effect, may make it more difficult or impossible for us to qualify as a REIT. 
 Our qualification as a REIT depends on our satisfaction of certain asset, income, organizational, distribution, stockholder ownership and other requirements on a continuing basis: 
 With respect to the gross income and asset tests, our compliance depends upon our analysis of the characterization and fair market values of our assets, some of which are not susceptible to a precise determination, and for which we will not obtain independent appraisals. Moreover, we invest in certain assets with respect to which the rules applicable to REITs are particularly difficult to interpret or to apply, including, but not limited to, the rules applicable to financing arrangements that are structured as sale and repurchase agreements; mezzanine loans; CRE securities; and investments in real estate mortgage loans that are acquired at a discount, subject to work-outs or modifications, or reasonably expected to be in default at the time of acquisition. If the IRS challenged our treatment of these assets as real estate assets for purposes of the REIT asset tests, and if such a challenge were sustained, we could fail to meet the asset tests applicable to REITs and thus fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 The fact that we own direct or indirect interests in a number of entities that have elected to be taxed as REITs under the U.S. federal income tax laws (each, a Subsidiary REIT ), further complicates the application of the REIT requirements for us. Each Subsidiary REIT is subject to the various REIT qualification requirements that are applicable to us. If a Subsidiary REIT were to fail to qualify as a REIT, then (i) that Subsidiary REIT would become subject to regular U.S. federal corporate income tax, (ii) our interest in such Subsidiary REIT would cease to be a qualifying asset for purposes of the REIT asset tests, and (iii) it is possible that we would fail certain of the REIT asset tests, in which event we also would fail to qualify as a REIT unless we could avail ourselves of certain relief provisions. 
 Our ability to satisfy the distribution and other requirements to qualify as a REIT depends in part on the actions of third parties over which we have no control or only limited influence, including in cases where we own limited partner or non-managing member interests in partnerships and limited liability companies that are joint ventures or funds. 
 If we were to fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates, and dividends paid to our stockholders would not be deductible by us in computing our taxable income. Additionally, for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022, we would possibly also be subject to certain taxes enacted by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 that are applicable to non-REIT corporations, including the nondeductible one percent excise tax on certain stock repurchases. Any resulting corporate tax liability could be substantial and would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders, which in turn could have an adverse impact on the value of our common stock. In addition, we would no longer be required to make distributions to stockholders. Unless we were entitled to relief under certain Code provisions, we also would be disqualified from taxation as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year in which we failed to qualify as a REIT. 

31 

Table of Contents 

 We may incur adverse tax consequences if NorthStar I or NorthStar II were to have failed to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes prior to the Mergers. 
 In connection with the closing of the Mergers, we received an opinion of counsel to each of NorthStar I and NorthStar II to the effect that it qualified as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes under the Code through the time of the Mergers. Neither NorthStar I nor NorthStar II, however, requested a ruling from the IRS that it qualified as a REIT. If, notwithstanding these opinions, NorthStar I s or NorthStar II s REIT status for periods prior to the Mergers were successfully challenged, we would face serious adverse tax consequences that would substantially reduce our core funds from operations, and cash available for distribution, including cash available to pay dividends to our stockholders, because: 
 NorthStar I or NorthStar II, as applicable, would be subject to U.S. federal, state and local income tax on its net income at regular corporate rates for the years it did not qualify as a REIT (and, for such years, would not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid to stockholders in computing its taxable income) and we would succeed to the liability for such taxes; 
 if we were considered to be a successor of such entity, we would not be eligible to elect REIT status until the fifth taxable year following the year during which such entity was disqualified, unless it were entitled to relief under applicable statutory provisions; 
 even if we were eligible to elect REIT status, we would be subject to tax (at the highest corporate rate in effect at the date of the sale) on the built-in gain on each asset of NorthStar I or NorthStar II, as applicable, existing at the time of the Mergers if we were to dispose of such asset for up to five years following the Mergers; and 
 we would succeed to any earnings and profits accumulated by NorthStar I or NorthStar II, as applicable, for tax periods that such entity did not qualify as a REIT and we would have to pay a special dividend and/or employ applicable deficiency dividend procedures (including interest payments to the IRS) to eliminate such earnings and profits to maintain our REIT qualification. 
 As a result of these factors, NorthStar I s or NorthStar II s failure to qualify as a REIT prior to the Mergers could impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital and could materially adversely affect the value of our common stock. In addition, even if they qualified as REITs for the entirety of their existence, if there is an adjustment to NorthStar I s or NorthStar II s taxable income or dividends-paid deductions for periods prior to the Mergers, we could be required to elect to use the deficiency dividend procedure to maintain NorthStar I s or NorthStar II s, as applicable, REIT status for periods prior to the Mergers. That deficiency dividend procedure could require us to make significant distributions to our stockholders and to pay significant interest to the IRS. 
 Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for the preferential tax rates available for some dividends. 
 The maximum rate applicable to qualified dividend income paid by non-REIT C corporations to U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates generally is 20 . Dividends payable by REITs to those U.S. stockholders, however, generally are not eligible for the current reduced rate, except to the extent that certain holding requirements have been met and a REIT s dividends are attributable to dividends received by a REIT from taxable corporations (such as a taxable REIT subsidiary TRS )), to income that was subject to tax at the REIT/corporate level, or to dividends properly designated by the REIT as capital gains dividends. Effective for taxable years before January 1, 2026, those U.S. stockholders may deduct 20 of their dividends from REITs (excluding qualified dividend income and capital gains dividends). For those U.S. stockholders in the top marginal tax bracket of 37 , the deduction for REIT dividends yields an effective income tax rate of 29.6 on REIT dividends, which is higher than the 20 tax rate on qualified dividend income paid by non-REIT C corporations, but still lower than the effective rate that applied prior to 2018, which is the first year that this special deduction for REIT dividends is available. Although the reduced rates applicable to dividend income from non-REIT C corporations do not adversely affect the taxation of REITs or dividends payable by REITs, it could cause investors who are non-corporate taxpayers to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the shares of non-REIT C corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely affect the value of our common stock. 
 REIT distribution requirements could adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan. 
 We generally must distribute annually at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (subject to certain adjustments and excluding any net capital gain), in order to qualify as a REIT, and any REIT taxable income that we do not distribute will be subject to U.S. corporate income tax at regular rates. In addition, from time to time, we may generate taxable income greater than our income for financial reporting purposes prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, or differences in timing between the recognition of taxable income and the actual receipt of cash may occur. For example, 
 we may be required to accrue income from mortgage loans, MBSs, and other types of debt securities or interests in debt securities before we receive any payments of interest or principal on such assets; 

32 

Table of Contents 

 we may acquire distressed debt investments that are subsequently modified by agreement with the borrower, which could cause us to have to recognize gain in certain circumstances; 
 we may recognize substantial amounts of cancellation of debt income for U.S. federal income tax purposes (but not for U.S. GAAP purposes) due to discount repurchases of our liabilities, which could cause our REIT taxable income to exceed our U.S. GAAP income; 
 we or our TRSs may recognize taxable phantom income as a result of modifications, pursuant to agreements with borrowers, of debt instruments that we acquire if the amendments to the outstanding debt are significant modifications under the applicable Treasury regulations. In addition, our TRSs may be treated as a dealer for U.S. federal income tax purposes, in which case the TRS would be required to mark-to-market its assets at the end of each taxable year and recognize taxable gain or loss on those assets even though there has been no actual sale of those assets; 
 we may deduct our capital losses only to the extent of our capital gains and not against our ordinary income, in computing our REIT taxable income for a given taxable year; 
 certain of our assets and liabilities are marked-to-market for U.S. GAAP purposes but not for tax purposes, which could result in losses for U.S. GAAP purposes that are not recognized in computing our REIT taxable income; and 
 under the Tax Cut and Jobs Act of 2017, we generally must accrue income for U.S. federal income tax purposes no later than when such income is taken into account as revenue in our financial statements, which could create additional differences between REIT taxable income and the receipt of cash attributable to such income. 
 As a result of both the requirement to distribute 90 of our REIT taxable income each year (and to pay tax on any income that we do not distribute) and the fact that our taxable income may well exceed our cash income due to the factors mentioned above as well as other factors, we may find it difficult to meet the REIT distribution requirements in certain circumstances while also having adequate cash resources to execute our business plan. In particular, where we experience differences in timing between the recognition of taxable income and the actual receipt of cash, the requirement to distribute a substantial portion of our taxable income could cause us to: (i) sell assets in adverse market conditions, (ii) borrow on unfavorable terms, (iii) distribute amounts that would otherwise be invested in future acquisitions, capital expenditures or repayment of debt or (iv) make a taxable distribution of our shares of common stock as part of a distribution in which stockholders may elect to receive shares of common stock or (subject to a limit measured as a percentage of the total distribution) cash, in order to comply with REIT requirements. These alternatives could increase our costs, reduce our equity, and/or result in stockholders being taxed on distributions of shares of stock without receiving cash sufficient to pay the resulting taxes. Thus, compliance with the REIT distribution requirements may hinder our ability to grow, which could adversely affect the value of our common stock. 
 Even if we continue to qualify as a REIT, we may face other tax liabilities that reduce our cash available for distribution to stockholders. 
 Even if we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we may be subject to certain U.S. federal, state and local taxes on our income and assets, including taxes on any undistributed income, tax on income from some activities conducted as a result of a foreclosure, and state or local income, property and transfer taxes, such as mortgage recording taxes. We also are subject to U.S. federal and state income tax (and any applicable non-U.S. taxes) on the net income earned by our TRSs. In addition, we have substantial operations and assets outside of the U.S. that are subject to tax in those countries. Those taxes, unless incurred by a TRS, are not likely to generate an offsetting credit for taxes in the U.S. In addition, if we have net income from prohibited transactions, that income will be subject to a 100 tax. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, but including mortgage loans, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. We might be subject to this tax if we were to dispose of, modify or securitize loans in a manner that was treated as a sale or deemed exchange of the loans for U.S. federal income tax purposes that is subject to the prohibited transactions tax. In order to avoid the prohibited transactions tax, we may choose not to engage in certain sales or modifications of loans at the REIT-level, and may limit the structures we utilize for our securitization transactions, even though such sales or structures might otherwise be beneficial to us. Finally, we could, in certain circumstances, be required to pay an excise or penalty tax (which could be significant in amount) in order to utilize one or more relief provisions under the Code to maintain our qualification as a REIT. Any of these taxes would decrease cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Complying with REIT requirements may force us to forgo and/or liquidate otherwise attractive investment opportunities. 
 To qualify as a REIT, we must ensure that we meet the REIT gross income tests annually and that at the end of each calendar quarter, at least 75 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash items, government securities and qualified REIT real estate assets, including certain mortgage loans and certain kinds of MBS. The remainder of our investment in securities (other than qualified 75 asset test assets) generally cannot include more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of any one issuer or more than 10 of the total value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer. In addition, in general, no more than 5 of the 

33 

Table of Contents 

 value of our assets (other than qualified 75 asset test assets) can consist of the securities of any one issuer, and no more than 20 of the value of our total assets can be represented by stock or securities of one or more TRSs. Debt instruments issued by publicly offered REITs, to the extent not secured by real property or interests in real property, qualify for the 75 asset test but the value of such debt instruments cannot exceed 25 of the value of our total assets. The compliance with these limitations, particularly given the nature of some of our investments, may hinder our ability to make, and, in certain cases, maintain ownership of certain attractive investments that might not qualify for the 75 asset test. If we fail to comply with the REIT asset tests requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, we must correct the failure within 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions to avoid losing our REIT qualification and suffering adverse tax consequences. As a result, we may be required to liquidate from our portfolio, or contribute to a TRS, otherwise attractive investments in order to maintain our qualification as a REIT. These actions could have the effect of reducing our income, increasing our income tax liability, and reducing amounts available for distribution to our stockholders. In addition, we may be required to make distributions to stockholders at disadvantageous times or when we do not have funds readily available for distribution, and may be unable to pursue investments (or, in some cases, forego the sale of such investments) that would be otherwise advantageous to us in order to satisfy the source-of-income or asset-diversification requirements for qualifying as a REIT. 
 The taxable mortgage pool rules may increase the taxes that we or our stockholders may incur, and may limit the manner in which we effect future securitizations. 
 Securitizations by us or our subsidiaries could result in the creation of taxable mortgage pools for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, we could have excess inclusion income. In general, dividend income that a tax-exempt entity receives from us should not constitute unrelated business taxable income UBTI ), as defined in Section 512 of the Code. If, however, we realize excess inclusion income and allocate it to stockholders, then this income would be fully taxable as UBTI to a tax-exempt entity under Section 512 of the Code. A foreign stockholder would generally be subject to U.S. federal income tax withholding on this excess inclusion income without reduction pursuant to any otherwise applicable income tax treaty. U.S. stockholders would not be able to offset such income with their net operating losses. 
 Although the law is not entirely clear, the IRS has taken the position that we are subject to tax at the highest corporate rate on the portion of our excess inclusion income equal to the percentage of our stock held in record name by disqualified organizations (generally tax-exempt investors, such as certain state pension plans and charitable remainder trusts, that are not subject to the tax on unrelated business taxable income). To the extent that our stock owned by disqualified organizations is held in street name by a broker-dealer or other nominee, the broker-dealer or nominee would be liable for a tax at the highest corporate rate on the portion of our excess inclusion income allocable to the stock held on behalf of the disqualified organizations. A regulated investment company or other pass-through entity owning our stock may also be subject to tax at the highest corporate tax rate on any excess inclusion income allocated to their record name owners that are disqualified organizations. 
 Excess inclusion income could result if a REIT held a residual interest in a real estate mortgage investment conduit REMIC ). In addition, excess inclusion income also may be generated if a REIT issues debt with two or more maturities and the terms of the payments of those debt instruments bear a relationship to the payments that the REIT received on mortgage loans or MBSs securing those liabilities. If any portion of our dividends is attributable to excess inclusion income, then the tax liability of tax-exempt stockholders, non-U.S. stockholders, stockholders with net operating losses, regulated investment companies and other pass-through entities whose record name owners are disqualified organizations and brokers-dealers and other nominees who hold stock on behalf of disqualified organizations will very likely increase. 
 Complying with REIT requirements may limit our ability to hedge effectively and may cause us to incur tax liabilities. 
 The REIT provisions of the Code limit our ability to hedge certain of our liabilities. Under these provisions, any income from a hedging transaction that we enter into to manage risk of interest rate changes with respect to borrowings made or to be made to acquire or carry real estate assets, or to manage the risk of certain currency fluctuations, and that is properly identified under applicable Treasury Regulations, does not constitute gross income for purposes of the 75 or 95 gross income tests. To the extent that we enter into other types of hedging transactions, the income from those transactions is likely to be treated as non-qualifying income for purposes of the REIT gross income tests. As a result of these rules, we intend to limit our use of advantageous hedging techniques that do not qualify for the exclusion from the REIT gross income tests or implement those hedges through a TRS. This could increase the cost of our hedging activities because our TRS would be subject to tax on gains or expose us to greater risks associated with changes in interest rates than we would otherwise want to bear. In addition, losses in our TRS will generally not provide any tax benefit, except for being carried forward against future taxable income in the TRS. 

34 

Table of Contents 

 There is a risk of changes in the tax law applicable to REITs. 
 The IRS, the United States Treasury Department and Congress frequently review U.S. federal income tax legislation, regulations and other guidance. We cannot predict whether, when or to what extent new U.S. federal tax laws, regulations, interpretations or rulings will be adopted. Any legislative action may prospectively or retroactively modify our tax treatment and, therefore, may adversely affect our taxation or our stockholders. We urge you to consult with your tax advisor with respect to the status of legislative, regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in our shares. Although REITs generally receive certain tax advantages compared to entities taxed as C corporations, it is possible that future legislation would result in a REIT having fewer tax advantages, and it could become more advantageous for a company that invests in real estate to elect to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a C corporation. 
 Our ownership of assets and conduct of operations through our TRSs is limited and involves certain risks for us. 
 We use our TRSs to hold assets and earn income that would not be qualifying assets or income if held or earned directly by us. Apart from the fact that income from those TRSs may be subject to U.S. federal, foreign, state and local income tax on their taxable income and only their after-tax net income is available for distribution to us, our use of the TRS for this purpose is subject to certain costs, risks and limitations: 
 No more than 20 of the value of our gross assets may consist of stock or securities of one or more TRSs. 
 The TRS rules limit the deductibility of interest paid or accrued by a TRS to its parent REIT to assure that the TRS is subject to an appropriate level of corporate taxation. The rules also impose a 100 excise tax on certain transactions between a TRS and its parent REIT that are not conducted on an arm s-length basis. 
 We treat income that we earn from certain foreign TRSs, including issuers in CDO transactions, as qualifying dividend income for purposes of the REIT income tests, based on several private letter rulings that the IRS has issued to other taxpayers (which technically may be relied upon only by those taxpayers), but there can be no assurance that the IRS might not successfully challenge our treatment of such income as qualifying income, in which event we might not satisfy the REIT 95 gross income test, and we either could be subject to a penalty tax with respect to some or all of that income we could fail to continue to qualify as a REIT. 
 We generally structure our foreign TRSs with the intent that their income and operations will not be subject to U.S. federal, state and local income tax. If the IRS successfully challenged that tax treatment, it would reduce the amount that those foreign TRSs would have available to pay to their creditors and to distribute to us. 
 We are mindful of all of these limitations and analyze and structure the income and operations of our TRSs to mitigate these costs and risks to us to the extent practicable, but we may not always be successful in all cases. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 Stockholders have limited control over changes in our policies and operations, which increases the uncertainty and risks they face as stockholders. 
 Our Board of Directors determines our major policies, including our policies regarding corporate governance, investment objectives, REIT qualification and distributions. Our Board of Directors may amend or revise these and other policies without a vote of the stockholders. We may change our investment policies without stockholder notice or consent, which could result in investments that are riskier or different than our current investments. Our Board of Directors broad discretion in setting policies and stockholders inability to exert control over those policies increases the uncertainty and risks stockholders face. 
 If we are unable to implement and maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting in the future, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock could be negatively affected. 
 As a public company, we are required to maintain internal controls over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal controls. The process of designing, implementing and testing the internal controls over financial reporting required to comply with this obligation is time consuming, costly and complicated. If we identify material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting, if we are unable to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in a timely manner or to assert that our internal controls over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, and the market price of our common stock could be negatively affected. We could also become subject to investigations by the stock exchange on which our securities are listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources. 

35 

Table of Contents 

 Accounting standards prescribe a model to measure expected credit losses CECL that may require us to increase our level of allowance for loan losses, which may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments requires us to present certain financial assets carried at amortized cost, such as loans held for investment, at the net amount expected to be collected. The measurement of CECL is based on information about past events, including historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amount. This measurement takes place at the time the financial asset is first added to the balance sheet and updated quarterly thereafter. Accordingly, the CECL model requires us to increase our allowance and recognize provisions for loan losses earlier in the lending cycle. Moreover, the CECL model creates volatility in the level of our allowance for loan losses. If we are required to increase our level of allowance for loan losses for any reason, such increase may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Environmental compliance costs and other potential environmental liabilities associated with our current or former properties or our CRE debt or real estate-related investments could materially impair the value of our investments and expose us to material liability. 
 Under various federal, state and local environmental laws, statutes, ordinances and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, a current or previous owner or operator of real property, such as us, our borrowers and our tenants, may be liable in certain circumstances for the costs of investigation, removal or remediation of contamination, or related to hazardous or toxic substances, materials or wastes, including petroleum and materials containing asbestos or, mold, present or released at, under, on, or from such property. In addition, we also may be liable for costs of remediating contamination at off-site disposal or treatment facilities where we arranged for disposal or treatment of hazardous substances at such facilities. Potential liabilities relating to the forgoing also include government fines and penalties, natural resource damages, and damages for injuries to persons and property. In addition, some environmental laws can create a lien on the contaminated site in favor of the government for damages and the costs it incurs in connection with the contamination. These laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence, release or disposal of such substances, may be joint and several, and may be imposed on the current or former owner or operator of a property in connection with the activities of a tenant or a prior owner or operator at the property. The presence of contamination or the failure to remediate contamination may adversely affect our or our tenants ability to sell, develop, operate or lease real estate, or to borrow using the real estate as collateral, which, in turn, could reduce our revenues. As an owner or operator of a site, including if we take ownership through foreclosure, we also can be liable under common law to third parties for damages and injuries resulting from environmental contamination at or emanating from the site (e.g., for cleanup costs, natural resource damages, bodily injury or property damage). Some of our properties are or have been used for commercial or industrial purposes involving the use or presence of hazardous substances, materials or waste, which could have resulted in environmental impacts at or from these properties, including contamination of which we are not presently aware. 
 We are also subject to federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations and zoning requirements, including those regarding the handling of regulated substances and wastes, emissions to the environment and fire codes. If we, or our tenants or borrowers, fail to comply with these various laws and requirements, we might incur costs and liabilities, including governmental fines and penalties. Moreover, we do not know whether existing laws and requirements will change or, if they do, whether future laws and requirements will require us to make significant unanticipated expenditures that could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our tenants are subject to the same environmental, health and safety and zoning laws and also may be liable for cleanup or remediation of contamination. Such liability could affect a tenant s ability to make rental payments to us. 
 Some of our properties may contain, or may have contained, asbestos-containing building materials. Environmental, health and safety laws require that owners or operators of or employers in buildings with ACM properly manage and maintain these materials, adequately inform or train those who may come into contact with ACM and undertake special precautions, including removal or other abatement, in the event that ACM is disturbed during building maintenance, renovation or demolition. These laws may impose fines and penalties on employers, building owners or operators for failure to comply with these requirements. In addition, third parties may seek recovery from employers, owners or operators for personal injury associated with exposure to asbestos. 
 When excessive moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials, mold growth may occur, particularly if the moisture problem remains undiscovered or is not addressed over a period of time. Some molds may produce airborne toxins or irritants. Indoor air quality issues also can stem from inadequate ventilation, chemical contamination from indoor or outdoor sources and other biological contaminants such as pollen, viruses and bacteria. Indoor exposure to airborne toxins or irritants above certain levels can be alleged to cause a variety of adverse health effects and symptoms, including allergic or other reactions. As a result, the presence of significant mold or other airborne contaminants at any of our properties could require us to undertake a remediation program to contain or remove the mold or other airborne contaminants from the affected property or 

36 

Table of Contents 

 increase indoor ventilation. In addition, the presence of significant mold or other airborne contaminants could expose us to liability from our tenants and others if property damage or personal injury occurs. 
 These costs and liabilities, including for any required investigation, remediation, removal, fines, penalties, costs to comply with environmental law or personal or property injury or damages and our or our tenants or borrowers liability could significantly exceed the value of the property without any limits. 
 The scope of any indemnification our tenants or borrowers have agreed to provide us for environmental liabilities may be limited. For instance, some of our agreements with our tenants or borrowers do not require them to indemnify us for environmental liabilities arising before such tenant or borrower took possession of the premises. Further, we cannot assure stockholders that any such tenant or borrower would be able to fulfill its indemnification obligations. If we were deemed liable for any such environmental liabilities and were unable to seek recovery against our tenant or borrower, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Furthermore, we may invest in real estate, or CRE debt secured by real estate or subordinate interests, with environmental impacts or issues that materially impair the value of the real estate. Even as a lender, if we participate in management or take title to collateral with environmental problems or if other circumstances arise, we could be subject to environmental liability. There are substantial risks associated with such an investment. 
 Laws, regulations or other issues related to climate change could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 If we, our borrowers or other companies with which we do business, particularly utilities that provide our facilities with electricity, become subject to laws or regulations related to climate change, it could have a material adverse effect on us. The United States may enact new laws, regulations and interpretations relating to climate change, including potential cap-and-trade systems, carbon taxes and other requirements relating to reduction of carbon footprints and/or greenhouse gas emissions. Other countries have enacted climate change laws and regulations, and the United States has been involved in discussions and agreements regarding international climate change treaties. The federal government and some of the states and localities in which we operate have enacted certain climate change laws and regulations and/or have begun regulating carbon footprints and greenhouse gas emissions. Localities may enact laws that require mortgaged properties to comply with certain green building certification programs (e.g., LEED and EnergyStar) and other laws which may impact commercial real estate as a result of efforts to mitigate the factors contributing to climate change. Although these laws and regulations have not had any known material adverse effect on us to date, they could limit our ability to develop properties or result in substantial costs, including compliance costs, retrofit costs and construction costs, monitoring and reporting costs and capital expenditures for environmental control facilities and other new equipment. In addition, these laws and regulations could lead to increased costs for the electricity that our tenants require to conduct operations. Furthermore, our reputation could be damaged if we violate climate change laws or regulations. We cannot predict how future laws and regulations, or future interpretations of current laws and regulations, related to climate change will affect our business, results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. Lastly, the potential physical impacts of climate change on our operations are highly uncertain, and would be particular to the geographic circumstances in areas in which we operate. These potential impacts may include changes in rainfall and storm patterns and intensities, water shortages, changing sea levels and changing temperatures, any of which could increase our or our borrowers operating costs. Any of these matters could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 The phase-out, replacement, or unavailability of LIBOR, and the transition to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), is likely to affect our existing floating rate debt and hedging arrangements, and there can be no assurance as to how the SOFR rate may differ from LIBOR or from any other replacement rate. 
 Certain of our floating-rate debt and hedging arrangements determine the applicable interest rate or payment amount by reference to LIBOR and/or SOFR, or to another financial metric. 
 On March 5, 2021, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority FCA announced staggered dates by which LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative. Accordingly, unless our floating rate debt and hedge arrangements are modified to provide for a specific replacement benchmark by June 30, 2023, it is unclear what rate would apply to such floating rate debt and hedges. 
 The U.S. Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, a steering committee composed of large U.S. financial institutions, has identified SOFR as the preferred alternative rate to LIBOR. The composition and characteristics of SOFR are not the same as those of LIBOR. SOFR is a secured rate backed by government securities, while LIBOR is an unsecured rate that incorporates bank credit risk, and SOFR is an overnight rate, while LIBOR is a forward-looking rate that represents interbank funding over different maturities. While market participants have proposed certain methods to interpolate and transition between LIBOR and SOFR, there can be no assurance that SOFR (including a term SOFR or compounded SOFR) will perform in the same way as LIBOR would have at any time, including, without limitation, as a result of changes in interest and yield rates in the market, market volatility or global or regional economic, financial, political, 

37 

Table of Contents 

 regulatory, judicial or other events. The discontinuation of USD LIBOR and the transition to SOFR or another alternative reference rate may be disruptive to financial markets, which could have a material adverse effect on our financing costs, and as a result, on our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. 
 Furthermore, differences between LIBOR replacement methodology in loan and hedging markets could result in differences in conversion between our debt arrangements and corresponding hedges. While the loan market may eventually generally adopt the same replacement for LIBOR as the hedging market, there can be no assurance as to the timing of such adoption and any differences in the timing of adoption of LIBOR replacements between the loan and hedge market as well as differences in methodology and valuation can lead to mismatches in hedging, which could result in changes to our risk exposure, adverse tax or accounting effects, increased compliance and legal and operational costs. 
 In addition, any such discontinuation or changes, whether actual or anticipated, could result in market volatility, adverse tax or accounting effects, increased compliance, legal and operational costs, and risks associated with contract negotiations. 
 Changes in laws or regulations governing our operations, changes in the interpretation thereof or newly enacted laws or regulations and any failure by us to comply with these laws or regulations, could require changes to certain of our business practices, negatively impact our operations, cash flow or financial condition, impose additional costs on us, subject us to increased competition or otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 The laws and regulations governing our operations, as well as their interpretation, may change from time to time, and new laws and regulations may be enacted. For example, from time to time the market for real estate debt transactions has been adversely affected by a decrease in the availability of senior and subordinated financing for transactions, in part in response to regulatory pressures on providers of financing to reduce or eliminate their exposure to such transactions. Furthermore, if regulatory capital requirements whether under the Dodd-Frank Act, Basel III (voluntary minimum requirements for internationally active banks) or other regulatory action are imposed on private lenders that provide us with funds, or were to be imposed on us, they or we may be required to limit, or increase the cost of, financing they provide to us or that we provide to others. Among other things, this could potentially increase our financing costs, reduce our ability to originate or acquire loans and reduce our liquidity or require us to sell assets at an inopportune time or price. 
 There has been increasing commentary amongst regulators and intergovernmental institutions on the role of nonbank institutions in providing credit and, particularly, so-called shadow banking, a term generally referring to credit intermediation involving entities and activities outside the regulated banking system and increased oversight and regulation of such entities. In the United States, the Dodd-Frank Act established the Financial Stability Oversight Council (the FSOC ), which is comprised of representatives of all the major U.S. financial regulators, to act as the financial system s systemic risk regulator. The FSOC has the authority to review the activities of non-bank financial companies predominantly engaged in financial activities and designate those companies as systemically important for supervision by the Federal Reserve. Although the FSOC has raised the systemically important financial institution asset threshold to 250 billion in total consolidated assets, compliance with any increased regulation of non-bank credit extension could require changes to certain of our business practices, negatively impact our operations, cash flows or financial condition or impose additional costs on us. 
 The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly. 
 The capital and credit markets have from time to time experienced periods of extreme volatility and disruption. The market price and liquidity of the market for shares of our common stock may be significantly affected by numerous factors, some of which are beyond our control and may not be directly related to our operating performance. 
 Some of the factors that could negatively affect the market price of our common stock include: 
 our actual or projected operating results, financial condition, cash flows and liquidity, or changes in business strategy or prospects; 
 equity issuances by us, or resales of our shares by our stockholders, or the perception that such issuances or resales may occur; 
 loss of a major funding source; 
 actual or anticipated accounting problems; 
 publication of research reports about us or the real estate industry; 
 changes in market valuations of similar companies; 
 adverse market reaction to the level of leverage we employ; 
 additions to or departures of our key personnel or adverse effects on the business or operations of DigitalBridge; 

38 

Table of Contents 

 speculation in the press or investment community; 
 our failure to meet, or the lowering of, our earnings estimates or those of any securities analysts; 
 increases in market interest rates, which may lead investors to demand a higher distribution yield for our common stock and would result in increased interest expenses on our debt; 
 a compression of the yield on our investments and an increase in the cost of our liabilities; 
 failure to operate in a manner consistent with our intention to qualify as a REIT or exclusion from registration under the Investment Company Act; 
 price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time; 
 general market and economic conditions and trends including inflationary concerns, and the current state of the credit and capital markets; 
 significant volatility in the market price and trading volume of securities of publicly traded REITs or other companies in our sector, which is not necessarily related to the operating performance of these companies; 
 changes in law, regulatory policies or tax guidelines, or interpretations thereof, particularly with respect to REITs; 
 changes in the value of our portfolio; 
 any shortfall in revenue or net income or any increase in losses from levels expected by investors or securities analysts; 
 operating performance of companies comparable to us; 
 short-selling pressure with respect to shares of our common stock or REITs generally; and 
 uncertainty surrounding the strength of the U.S. economic recovery, particularly in light of the recent debt ceiling and budget deficit concerns, and other U.S. and international political and economic affairs. 
 Any of the foregoing factors could negatively affect our stock price or result in fluctuations in the price or trading volume of our common stock. 
 Future offerings of debt or equity securities, which would rank senior to our common stock, may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 If we decide to issue debt or equity securities in the future, which would rank senior to our common stock, it is likely that they will be governed by an indenture or other instrument containing covenants restricting our operating flexibility. Additionally, any convertible or exchangeable securities that we issue in the future may have rights, preferences and privileges more favorable than those of our common stock and may result in dilution to owners of our common stock. We and, indirectly, our stockholders, will bear the cost of issuing and servicing such securities. Because our decision to issue debt or equity securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings. Thus holders of our common stock will bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the market price of our common stock and diluting the value of their stock holdings in us. 
 We may issue additional equity securities, which may dilute your interest in us. 
 Stockholders do not have preemptive rights to any shares we issue in the future. Our charter authorizes us to issue a total of 1,000,000,000 shares of capital stock, of which 950,000,000 shares are classified as common stock and 50,000,000 shares are classified as preferred stock. Our Board of Directors, with the approval of a majority of our entire Board of Directors and without stockholder approval, may amend our charter to increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares of capital stock or the number of shares of capital stock of any class or series that we are authorized to issue. Our Board of Directors may elect to: (i) sell additional shares in one or more future public offerings; (ii) issue equity interests in private offerings; (iii) issue shares of our common stock to sellers of assets we acquire in connection with an exchange of limited partnership interests of our operating company; or (iv) issue shares of our common stock to pay distributions to existing stockholders. If we issue and sell additional shares of our common stock, the ownership interests of our existing stockholders will be diluted to the extent they do not participate in the offering. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 

39 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Properties 
 Information regarding our investment properties at December 31, 2022 are included in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Net Leased and Other Real Estate and Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules Schedule III. Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation of this Annual Report. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 The Company is not currently subject to any material legal proceedings. We anticipate that we may from time to time be involved in legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business, the outcome of which we would not expect to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flow. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 

40 

Table of Contents 

 PART II Other Information 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information 
 Our Class A common stock began trading on the NYSE on February 1, 2018 under the symbol CLNC. Prior to February 1, 2018, our Class A common stock was not listed on a national securities exchange and there was no established public trading market for such shares. On June 24, 2021, we changed our ticker symbol to BRSP concurrent with our name change to BrightSpire Capital, Inc. from Colony Credit Real Estate, Inc., and continue to trade on the NYSE. 
 As of February 17, 2023, the closing price of our Class A common stock was 7.34 and we had approximately 128.9 million shares of Class A common stock outstanding held by a total of 3,138 holders of record. This figure does not reflect the beneficial ownership of shares held in nominee name. 
 
 Distributions 
 Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive distributions if and when the Board of Directors authorizes and declares a distribution. The Board of Directors has not established any minimum distribution level. In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we intend to pay dividends to our stockholders that, on an annual basis, will represent at least 90 of our taxable income (which may not necessarily equal net income as calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP), determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains. 
 Dividends paid to stockholders, for income tax purposes, represent distributions of ordinary income, capital gains, return of capital or a combination thereof. The following table presents the income tax treatment of dividends per share of common and preferred stock. 
 Common Stock 2022 Ordinary income 0.64 Return of capital 0.13 Total 0.77 2021 Ordinary income 0.29 Return of capital 0.11 Total 0.40 2020 Ordinary income 0.30 Return of capital 0.10 Total 0.40 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid aggregate dividends of 100.5 million to our Class A common stockholders. The Board of Directors will evaluate dividends in future periods based upon customary considerations, including market conditions. 
 The credit agreement governing our revolving credit facility limits our ability to make dividends and other payments with respect to our shares of common stock. The credit agreement limits dividends to an amount required to maintain REIT status or to avoid income tax and restricts stock repurchases, each for liquidity preservation purposes. The credit agreement also generally provides that if a default occurs and is continuing, we will be precluded from making distributions on our common stock (other than those required to allow the Company to qualify and maintain its status as a REIT, so long as such default does not arise from a payment default or event of insolvency). 
 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 There were no sales of unregistered securities of our Company during the year ended December 31, 2022, other than those previously disclosed in filings with the SEC. 

41 

Table of Contents 

 Purchases of Equity Securities by Issuer 
 The Company did not repurchase any of its Class A common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total return on our class A common stock with the cumulative total returns on the Russell 2000 Index (the Russell 2000 and the Bloomberg REIT Mortgage Index (the BBREMTG Index ), a published industry index from February 1, 2018 to December 31, 2022. The cumulative total return on our class A common stock as presented is not necessarily indicative of future performance of our class A common stock. 

Item 6. Reserved. 

42 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read the following discussion of our results of operations and financial condition in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes, Risk Factors and Business included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates, assumptions and projections about our industry, business and future financial results. Our actual results could differ materially from the results contemplated by these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed in the sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K entitled Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements. 
 
 Introduction 
 We are a commercial real estate CRE credit real estate investment trust REIT focused on originating, acquiring, financing and managing a diversified portfolio consisting primarily of CRE debt investments and net leased properties predominantly in the United States. CRE debt investments primarily consist of first mortgage loans, which is our primary investment strategy. Additionally, we may also selectively originate mezzanine loans and preferred equity investments, which may include profit participations. The mezzanine loans and preferred equity investments may be in conjunction with our origination of corresponding first mortgages on the same properties. Net leased properties consist of CRE properties with long-term leases to tenants on a net-lease basis, where such tenants generally will be responsible for property operating expenses such as insurance, utilities, maintenance capital expenditures and real estate taxes. We continue to target net leased equity investments on a selective basis. 
 We were organized in the state of Maryland on August 23, 2017 and maintain key offices in New York, New York and Los Angeles, California. We elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, beginning with our taxable year ended December 31, 2018. We conduct all our activities and hold substantially all our assets and liabilities through our operating subsidiary, BrightSpire Capital Operating Company, LLC. At March 31, 2022, we owned 97.7 of the OP, as its sole managing member. The remaining 2.3 was owned as noncontrolling interest. During the three months ended June 30, 2022, we redeemed the 2.3 outstanding membership units in the OP for 25.4 million. Following this redemption, there were no noncontrolling interests in the OP. 
 Our Business Segments 
 We present our business as one portfolio. We conduct our operations through the following business segments: 
 Senior and Mezzanine Loans and Preferred Equity CRE debt investments including senior loans, mezzanine loans, and preferred equity interests as well as participations in such loans. Prior to 2022, the segment also included acquisition, development and construction ADC arrangements accounted for as equity method investments. 
 Net Leased and Other Real Estate direct investments in commercial real estate with long-term leases to tenants on a net lease basis, where such tenants generally will be responsible for property operating expenses such as insurance, utilities, maintenance, capital expenditures and real estate taxes. It also includes other real estate, currently consisting of three investments with direct ownership in commercial real estate, with an emphasis on properties with stable cash flow. 
 CRE Debt Securities securities investments previously consisting of BBB and some BB rated CMBS (including Non-Investment Grade B-pieces of a CMBS securitization pool). It currently only includes two sub-portfolios of private equity funds. 
 Corporate includes corporate-level asset management and other fees including expenses related to our secured revolving credit facility (the Bank Credit Facility ), compensation and benefits and restructuring charges. 
 
 Significant Developments 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, and through February 17, 2023, significant developments affecting our business and results of operations of our portfolio included the following: 
 Capital Resources 
 As of the date of this report, we have approximately 449 million of liquidity, consisting of 284 million cash on hand and 165 million available on our Bank Credit Facility; 
 Declared total quarterly dividends of 0.79 per share during the year ended December 31, 2022; 
 Repurchased 3.1 million and 2.2 million shares, respectively, of operating partnership units and of our Class A common stock at a weighted average price of 8.31 for an aggregate cost of 43.7 million; 

43 

Table of Contents 

 Amended our Bank Credit Facility to reduce the aggregate amount of lender commitments from 300 million to 165 million; and 
 Extended and amended our five Master Repurchase Facilities (See Liquidity and Capital Resources for more information). 
 Our Portfolio 
 Generated GAAP net income of 45.8 million, or 0.35 per basic share and 0.34 per diluted share, Distributable Earnings of 69.7 million, or 0.53 per share and Adjusted Distributable Earnings of 127.5 million, or 0.98 per share for the year ended December 31, 2022; 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we: 
 Originated 28 senior loans with a total commitment of 958.6 million. The average initial funded amount was 30.0 million and had a weighted average spread of SOFR plus 3.63 ; 
 Originated one mezzanine loan with a total commitment of 28.2 million, initial funded amount of 7.4 million and a fixed rate of 12.00 . Additionally, we funded one preferred equity investment with a total commitment and initial funding of 22.4 million. The preferred equity investment has a fixed rate of 12.00 ; 
 Received loan repayment proceeds of 897.4 million from 30 loans; 
 Sold a net lease property and hotel property for a gross sales price of 19.6 million and 36.0 million, respectively, generating net proceeds of 10.7 million and recognizing realized gains of 10.0 million from the combined sales; 
 Sold one preferred equity investment with a gross sales price of 38.1 million and recognized a realized gain of 21.9 million; 
 Sold our retained investments in the subordinate tranches of one securitization trust for 36.9 million in total proceeds and deconsolidated the securitization trust with gross assets and liabilities of 682.8 million and 646.6 million, respectively. In connection with the sale, we recognized a realized gain of 1.4 million; 
 Recorded specific current expected credit loss CECL reserves of 57.2 million related to two Long Island City, New York Office senior loans, one of which was placed on nonaccrual status as of September 9, 2022; (refer to Our Portfolio section for further discussion); and 
 Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we received loan repayment proceeds of 68.6 million from three loans. 
 
 Trends Affecting Our Business 
 Global Markets 
 The global markets in 2022 were characterized by volatility, driven by a tightening of monetary policy and geopolitical uncertainty, coupled with the ongoing impacts of COVID-19. In response to heightened inflation, the Federal Reserve continues to raise interest rates, which has tempered the loan financing market and created further uncertainty for the economy and for our borrowers and tenants. These current macroeconomic conditions may continue or intensify. This may cause the United States economy or other global economies to experience an economic slowdown or recession. While we monitor macroeconomic conditions closely, we believe there are too many uncertainties to predict and quantify the full impact that these factors may have on our business. 
 Office Property Market 
 The market for office properties was particularly negatively impacted by the ongoing impact of COVID-19 and remains distressed, with increases in vacancy as newly developed or renovated properties become available for leasing and high overall vacancy rates due to the normalization of work from home and the hybrid attendance model. As a result of fewer employees commuting to their offices, businesses are re-evaluating their need for physical office space. To the extent certain borrowers are experiencing significant financial dislocation as a result of economic conditions, we have and may continue to consider the use of interest and other reserves and/or replenishment obligations of the borrower and/or guarantors to meet current interest payment obligations, for a limited period. Given the uncertainty in the office market, there is risk of future valuation impairment or investment loss on our loans secured by office properties. 

44 

Table of Contents 

 Factors Impacting Our Operating Results 
 Our results of operations are affected by a number of factors and depend primarily on, among other things, the ability of the borrowers of our assets to service our debt as it is due and payable, the ability of our tenants to pay rent and other amounts due under their leases, our ability to actively and effectively service any sub-performing and non-performing loans and other assets we may have from time to time in our portfolio, the market value of our assets and the supply of, and demand for, CRE senior loans, mezzanine loans, preferred equity, debt securities, net leased properties and our other assets, and the level of our net operating income NOI ). Our net interest income, which includes the amortization of purchase premiums and the accretion of purchase discounts, varies primarily as a result of changes in market interest rates, prepayment rates on our CRE loans, prepayment speeds and the ability of our borrowers to make scheduled interest payments. Interest rates and prepayment rates vary according to the type of investment, conditions in the financial markets, creditworthiness of our borrowers, competition and other factors, none of which can be predicted with any certainty. Our net property operating income depends on our ability to maintain the historical occupancy rates of our real estate equity investments, lease currently available space and continue to attract new tenants. 
 Changes in fair value of our assets 
 We consider and treat our assets as long-term investments. As a result, we do not expect that changes in market value will impact our operating results. However, at least on a quarterly basis, we assess both our ability and intent to hold such assets for the long-term. As part of this process, we monitor our assets for impairment. A change in our ability and/or intent to continue to hold any of our assets may result in our recognizing an impairment charge or realizing losses upon the sale of such investments. 
 Changes in market interest rates 
 With respect to our proposed business operations, increases in interest rates, in general, may over time cause: 
 the value of our fixed-rate investments to decrease; 
 prepayments on certain assets in our portfolio to slow, thereby slowing the amortization of our purchase premiums and the accretion of our purchase discounts; 
 coupons on our floating and adjustable-rate mortgage loans to reset, although on a delayed basis, to higher interest rates; 
 interest rate caps required by our borrowers to increase in cost; 
 to the extent we use leverage to finance our assets, the interest expense associated with our borrowings to increase; and 
 to the extent we enter into interest rate swap agreements as part of our hedging strategy, the value of these agreements to increase. 
 Conversely, decreases in interest rates, in general, may over time cause: 
 the value of the fixed-rate assets in our portfolio to increase; 
 prepayments on certain assets in our portfolio to increase, thereby accelerating the amortization of our purchase premiums and the accretion of our purchase discounts; 
 to the extent we enter into interest rate swap agreements as part of our hedging strategy, the value of these agreements to decrease; 
 coupons on our floating and adjustable-rate mortgage loans to reset, although on a delayed basis, to lower interest rates; and 
 to the extent we use leverage to finance our assets, the interest expense associated with our borrowings to decrease. 
 Credit risk 
 We are subject to varying degrees of credit risk in connection with our target assets. We seek to mitigate this risk by seeking to acquire high quality assets, at appropriate prices given anticipated and unanticipated losses and by employing a comprehensive review and asset selection process and by careful ongoing monitoring of acquired assets. Nevertheless, unanticipated credit losses could occur, which could adversely impact our operating results. 
 Size of investment portfolio 
 The size of our portfolio, as measured by the aggregate principal balance of our commercial mortgage loans, other commercial real estate-related debt investments and the other assets we own, is also a key revenue driver. Generally, as the size of our 

45 

Table of Contents 

 portfolio grows, the amount of interest income we earn increases. However, a larger portfolio may result in increased expenses to the extent that we incur additional interest expense to finance our assets. 
 
 Our Portfolio 
 As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio consisted of 114 investments representing approximately 4.3 billion in carrying value (based on our share of ownership and excluding cash, cash equivalents and certain other assets). Our senior and mezzanine loans and preferred equity consisted of 103 senior loans, mezzanine and preferred loans and had a weighted average cash coupon of 3.8 and a weighted average all-in unlevered yield of 8.5 . Our net leased and other real estate consisted of approximately 6.4 million total square feet of space and total year to date 2022 NOI of that portfolio was approximately 65.3 million. Refer to Non-GAAP Supplemental Financial Measures below for further information on NOI. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio consisted of the following investments (dollars in thousands): 
 Count (1) 
 Carrying value (Consolidated) Carrying value 
 (at BRSP share) (2) 
 Net carrying value (Consolidated) (3) 
 Net carrying value (at BRSP share) (4) 
 Our Portfolio Senior loans 96 3,382,540 3,382,540 841,975 841,975 Mezzanine loans (5) 
 6 112,786 112,786 112,786 112,786 Preferred equity 1 22,497 22,497 22,497 22,497 Subtotal 103 3,517,823 3,517,823 977,258 977,258 Net leased real estate 8 607,672 607,672 153,043 153,043 Other real estate 2 173,937 160,729 (151) (403) Private equity interests 1 3,035 3,035 3,035 3,035 Total/Weighted average Our Portfolio 114 4,302,467 4,289,259 1,133,185 1,132,933 
 ________________________________________ 
 (1) Count for net leased real estate and other real estate represents number of investments. 
 (2) Carrying value at our share represents the proportionate carrying value based on ownership by asset as of December 31, 2022. 
 (3) Net carrying value represents carrying value less any associated financing as of December 31, 2022. 
 (4) Net carrying value at our share represents the proportionate carrying value based on asset ownership less any associated financing based on ownership as of December 31, 2022 . 
 (5) Mezzanine loans include one investment in an unconsolidated venture whose underlying interest is in a loan. 
 Underwriting Process 
 We use an investment and underwriting process that has been developed by our senior management team leveraging their extensive commercial real estate expertise over many years and real estate cycles. The underwriting process focuses on some or all of the following factors designed to ensure each investment is evaluated appropriately: (i) macroeconomic conditions that may influence operating performance; (ii) fundamental analysis of underlying real estate, including tenant rosters, lease terms, zoning, necessary licensing, operating costs and the asset s overall competitive position in its market; (iii) real estate market factors that may influence the economic performance of the investment, including leasing conditions and overall competition; (iv) the operating expertise and financial strength and reputation of a tenant, operator, partner or borrower; (v) the cash flow in place and projected to be in place over the term of the investment and potential return; (vi) the appropriateness of the business plan and estimated costs associated with tenant buildout, repositioning or capital improvements; (vii) an internal and third-party valuation of a property, investment basis relative to the competitive set and the ability to liquidate an investment through a sale or refinancing; (viii) review of third-party reports including appraisals, engineering and environmental reports; (ix) physical inspections of properties and markets; (x) the overall legal structure of the investment, contractual implications and the lenders rights; and (xi) the tax and accounting impact. 
 Loan Risk Rankings 
 In addition to reviewing loans held for investment for impairment quarterly, we evaluate loans held for investment to determine if a current expected credit losses reserve should be established. In conjunction with this review, we assess the risk factors of each senior and mezzanine loans and preferred equity and assign a risk ranking based on a variety of factors, including, without limitation, underlying real estate performance and asset value, values of comparable properties, durability and quality of property cash flows, sponsor experience and financial wherewithal, and the existence of a risk-mitigating loan structure. Additional key considerations include loan-to-value ratios, debt service coverage ratios, loan structure, real estate and credit market dynamics, and risk of default or principal loss. Based on a five-point scale, our loans held for investment are rated 1 through 5, from less risk to greater risk. At the time of origination or purchase, loans held for investment are ranked as a 3 and will move accordingly going forward based on the ratings which are defined as follows: 

46 

Table of Contents 

 1. Very Low Risk The loan is performing as agreed. The underlying property performance has exceeded underwritten expectations with very strong NOI, debt service coverage ratio, debt yield and occupancy metrics. Sponsor is investment grade, very well capitalized, and employs a very experienced management team. 
 2. Low Risk The loan is performing as agreed. The underlying property performance has met or exceeds underwritten expectations with high occupancy at market rents, resulting in consistent cash flow to service the debt. Strong sponsor that is well capitalized with an experienced management team. 
 3. Average Risk The loan is performing as agreed. The underlying property performance is consistent with underwriting expectations. The property generates adequate cash flow to service the debt, and/or there is enough reserve or loan structure to provide time for sponsor to execute the business plan. Sponsor has routinely met its obligations and has experience owning/operating similar real estate. 
 4. High Risk/Delinquent/Potential for Loss The loan is in excess of 30 days delinquent and/or has a risk of a principal loss. The underlying property performance is behind underwritten expectations. Loan covenants may require occasional waivers/modifications. Sponsor has been unable to execute its business plan and local market fundamentals have deteriorated. Operating cash flow is not sufficient to service the debt and debt service payments may be coming from sponsor equity/loan reserves. 
 5. Impaired/Defaulted/Loss Likely The loan is in default, or a default is imminent, and has a high risk of a principal loss, or has incurred a principal loss. The underlying property performance is significantly worse than underwritten expectation and sponsor has failed to execute its business plan. The property has significant vacancy and current cash flow does not support debt service. Local market fundamentals have significantly deteriorated resulting in depressed comparable property valuations versus underwriting. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, seven loans with a risk ranking of 3 and two loans with a risk ranking of 2 were repaid. We also added one new loan to our portfolio with a risk ranking of 3. Additionally, one loan changed to a risk ranking of 3 from a risk ranking of 2, and two loans changed to a risk ranking of 4 from a risk ranking of 3. As a result, our weighted average risk ranking at December 31, 2022 increased to 3.2 compared to September 30, 2022 when it was 3.1. 
 Senior and Mezzanine Loans and Preferred Equity 
 The following tables provides a summary of our senior loans, mezzanine loans and preferred equity based on our internal risk rankings, collateral property type and geographic distribution as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 
 Carrying Value (at BRSP share) (1) 
 Risk Ranking Count Senior loans (2) 
 Mezzanine loans Preferred Equity Total of Our Portfolio 2 7 210,072 210,072 6.0 3 83 2,570,260 28,515 22,497 2,621,272 74.5 4 9 550,902 43,861 594,763 16.9 5 4 79,596 12,120 91,716 2.6 103 3,410,830 84,496 22,497 3,517,823 100.0 Weighted average risk ranking 3.2 
 _________________________________________ 
 (1) Carrying value at our share represents the proportionate carrying value based on ownership by asset as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Includes one mezzanine loan totaling 28.3 million where we are also the senior lender. 
 Carrying value (at BRSP share) Collateral property type Count Senior loans Mezzanine loans Preferred Equity Total of Total Multifamily 59 1,633,323 72,376 22,497 1,728,196 49.1 Office 32 1,169,853 1,169,853 33.3 Hotel 5 377,821 40,410 418,231 11.9 Other (Mixed-use) (1) 
 4 151,307 151,307 4.3 Industrial 3 50,236 50,236 1.4 Total 103 3,382,540 112,786 22,497 3,517,823 100.0 
 _________________________________________ 
 (1) Other includes commercial and residential development and predevelopment assets. 

47 

Table of Contents 

 Carrying value (at BRSP share) Region Count Senior loans Mezzanine loans Preferred Equity Total of Total US West 44 1,508,617 96,207 22,497 1,627,321 46.3 US Southwest 39 1,147,428 4,459 1,151,887 32.7 US Northeast 12 523,173 12,120 535,293 15.2 US Southeast 8 203,322 203,322 5.8 Total 103 3,382,540 112,786 22,497 3,517,823 100.0 
 
 The following table provides asset level detail for our senior loans, mezzanine loans and preferred equity as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 
 Loan Type Origination Date City, State Carrying value (1) 
 Principal balance Coupon type Cash Coupon (2) 
 Unlevered all-in yield (3) 
 Extended maturity date Loan-to-value (4) 
 Q4 Risk ranking (5) 
 Multifamily Loan 1 (6) 
 Senior 6/18/2019 Santa Clara, CA 57,439 57,439 Floating 4.4 9.0 6/18/2024 65 4 Loan 2 Senior 3/8/2022 Austin, TX 49,908 50,103 Floating 3.3 8.2 3/9/2027 75 3 Loan 3 Senior 7/19/2021 Dallas, TX 49,750 49,773 Floating 3.4 8.2 8/9/2026 74 3 Loan 4 Senior 5/17/2022 Las Vegas, NV 49,377 49,758 Floating 3.6 8.4 6/9/2027 74 3 Loan 5 Senior 5/26/2021 Las Vegas, NV 46,056 46,101 Floating 3.5 8.2 6/9/2026 70 3 Loan 6 Senior 11/30/2021 Phoenix, AZ 44,482 44,572 Floating 3.4 8.5 12/9/2026 74 3 Loan 7 Mezzanine 12/3/2019 Milpitas, CA 43,861 43,861 Fixed 8.0 13.3 12/3/2024 58 -85 4 Loan 8 Senior 2/3/2021 Arlington, TX 43,643 43,580 Floating 3.7 8.6 2/9/2026 81 3 Loan 9 Senior 3/1/2021 Richardson, TX 43,239 43,411 Floating 3.4 8.1 3/9/2026 75 3 Loan 10 Senior 7/15/2021 Jersey City, NJ 42,883 43,000 Floating 3.0 7.7 8/9/2026 66 2 Subtotal top 10 multifamily 470,638 471,598 13 of total loans Loan 11 Senior 12/21/2020 Austin, TX 42,712 42,851 Floating 3.7 8.4 1/9/2026 54 2 Loan 12 Senior 3/22/2021 Fort Worth, TX 41,213 41,286 Floating 3.6 8.3 4/9/2026 83 3 Loan 13 Senior 12/7/2021 Denver, CO 39,010 39,196 Floating 3.2 8.1 12/9/2026 74 3 Loan 14 Senior 7/15/2021 Dallas, TX 38,659 38,781 Floating 3.1 8.0 8/9/2026 77 3 Loan 15 Senior 3/31/2022 Long Beach, CA 36,572 36,829 Floating 3.4 8.3 4/9/2027 74 3 Loan 16 Senior 7/12/2022 Irving, TX 36,356 36,654 Floating 3.6 8.5 8/9/2027 73 3 Loan 17 Senior 3/31/2022 Louisville, KY 35,892 36,069 Floating 3.7 8.6 4/9/2027 72 3 Loan 18 Senior 9/28/2021 Carrollton, TX 35,724 35,939 Floating 3.1 7.8 10/9/2025 73 3 Loan 19 Senior 1/18/2022 Dallas, TX 35,490 35,575 Floating 3.5 8.4 2/9/2027 75 3 Loan 20 Senior 1/12/2022 Los Angeles, CA 35,203 35,476 Floating 3.4 8.0 2/9/2027 65 3 Subtotal top 20 multifamily 847,469 850,254 24 of total loans Loan 21 Senior 12/29/2020 Fullerton, CA 34,748 34,860 Floating 3.8 8.5 1/9/2026 70 3 Loan 22 Senior 3/16/2021 Fremont, CA 33,492 33,550 Floating 3.5 8.3 4/9/2026 76 3 Loan 23 Senior 7/29/2021 Phoenix, AZ 32,084 32,265 Floating 3.4 8.1 8/9/2026 74 3 Loan 24 Senior 3/31/2021 Mesa, AZ 31,377 31,434 Floating 3.8 8.6 4/9/2026 83 3 

48 

Table of Contents 

 Loan Type Origination Date City, State Carrying value (1) 
 Principal balance Coupon type Cash Coupon (2) 
 Unlevered all-in yield (3) 
 Extended maturity date Loan-to-value (4) 
 Q4 Risk ranking (5) 
 Loan 25 Senior 4/29/2021 Las Vegas, NV 29,672 29,736 Floating 3.2 7.9 5/9/2026 76 2 Loan 26 Senior 4/15/2022 Mesa, AZ 28,939 29,177 Floating 3.4 8.0 5/9/2027 75 3 Loan 27 Senior 7/13/2021 Plano, TX 28,911 28,994 Floating 3.2 7.9 2/9/2025 82 3 Loan 28 Senior 5/19/2022 Denver, CO 28,055 28,270 Floating 3.5 8.3 6/9/2027 73 3 Loan 29 Senior 5/27/2021 Houston, TX 27,941 28,000 Floating 3.0 7.9 6/9/2026 67 3 Loan 30 Senior 2/17/2022 Long Beach, CA 27,210 27,401 Floating 3.4 8.2 3/9/2027 67 3 Loan 31 Senior 8/31/2021 Glendale, AZ 27,162 27,326 Floating 3.3 8.0 9/9/2026 75 3 Loan 32 Senior 12/16/2021 Fort Mill, SC 26,462 26,637 Floating 3.3 8.0 1/9/2027 71 3 Loan 33 Senior 5/13/2021 Phoenix, AZ 25,201 25,323 Floating 3.2 7.9 6/9/2026 76 2 Loan 34 Senior 12/21/2021 Phoenix, AZ 24,352 24,529 Floating 3.6 8.3 1/9/2027 75 3 Loan 35 Senior 7/12/2022 Irving, TX 24,214 24,416 Floating 3.6 8.5 8/9/2027 72 3 Loan 36 (6) 
 Mezzanine 2/8/2022 Las Vegas, NV 24,056 24,155 Fixed 7.0 12.3 2/8/2027 56 - 79 3 Loan 37 Senior 7/1/2021 Aurora, CO 23,628 23,753 Floating 3.2 7.9 7/9/2026 73 3 Loan 38 Senior 3/8/2022 Glendale, AZ 23,342 23,533 Floating 3.5 8.1 3/9/2027 73 3 Loan 39 Senior 3/31/2022 Phoenix, AZ 23,077 23,265 Floating 3.7 8.3 4/9/2027 75 3 Loan 40 Senior 11/4/2021 Austin, TX 22,812 22,962 Floating 3.4 8.1 11/9/2026 71 3 Loan 41 Senior 3/25/2021 San Jose, CA 22,556 22,650 Floating 3.7 8.4 4/9/2026 70 2 Loan 42 Preferred 11/30/2022 Milpitas, CA 22,497 22,720 Fixed 6.0 12.1 12/1/2032 n/a 3 Loan 43 Senior 7/13/2021 Oregon City, OR 21,701 21,764 Floating 3.4 8.1 8/9/2026 73 3 Loan 44 Senior 6/22/2021 Phoenix, AZ 21,145 21,262 Floating 3.3 8.0 7/9/2026 75 2 Loan 45 Senior 1/12/2022 Austin, TX 19,658 19,769 Floating 3.4 8.2 2/9/2027 75 3 Loan 46 Senior 8/6/2021 La Mesa, CA 19,400 19,456 Floating 3.0 7.8 8/9/2025 70 3 Loan 47 Senior 12/21/2021 Gresham, OR 19,354 19,455 Floating 3.6 8.5 1/9/2027 74 3 Loan 48 Senior 9/22/2021 Denton, TX 19,282 19,351 Floating 3.3 8.0 10/9/2025 70 3 Loan 49 Senior 9/1/2021 Bellevue, WA 19,243 19,308 Floating 2.9 7.8 9/9/2025 64 3 Loan 50 Senior 6/24/2021 Phoenix, AZ 19,006 19,071 Floating 3.4 8.2 7/9/2026 63 3 Loan 51 Senior 5/5/2022 Charlotte, NC 18,370 18,500 Floating 3.5 8.4 5/9/2027 61 3 Loan 52 Senior 7/14/2021 Salt Lake City, UT 18,264 18,315 Floating 3.4 8.1 8/9/2026 73 3 Loan 53 Senior 4/29/2022 Tacoma, WA 17,595 17,728 Floating 3.3 8.2 5/9/2027 72 3 Loan 54 Senior 6/25/2021 Phoenix, AZ 17,174 17,263 Floating 3.2 7.9 7/9/2026 75 3 Loan 55 Senior 7/21/2021 Durham, NC 15,070 15,150 Floating 3.3 8.0 8/9/2026 58 3 Loan 56 Senior 7/28/2021 San Antonio, TX 14,122 14,166 Floating 3.3 8.2 8/9/2024 76 3 Loan 57 Senior 2/11/2021 Provo, UT 14,028 14,082 Floating 3.9 8.6 3/9/2026 71 3 Loan 58 Senior 3/8/2022 Glendale, AZ 11,068 11,158 Floating 3.5 8.1 3/9/2027 73 3 Loan 59 Mezzanine 7/30/2014 Various - TX 4,459 4,459 Fixed 9.5 9.5 8/11/2024 71 - 83 3 Total/Weighted average multifamily loans 1,728,196 1,735,467 3.6 8.5 3.6 years 3.0 

49 

Table of Contents 

 Loan Type Origination Date City, State Carrying value (1) 
 Principal balance Coupon type Cash Coupon (2) 
 Unlevered all-in yield (3) 
 Extended maturity date Loan-to-value (4) 
 Q4 Risk ranking (5) 
 Office Loan 60 (7) 
 Senior 12/7/2018 Carlsbad, CA 115,500 115,500 Floating 4.4 8.9 12/9/2023 73 3 Loan 61 Senior 2/17/2022 Boston, MA 80,734 81,310 Floating 3.8 8.7 3/9/2027 54 3 Loan 62 Senior 8/28/2018 San Jose, CA 73,147 73,147 Floating 2.5 7.1 8/28/2025 75 3 Loan 63 Senior 1/19/2021 Phoenix, AZ 72,166 72,461 Floating 3.7 8.4 2/9/2026 70 3 Loan 64 Senior 7/12/2019 Washington, D.C. 56,935 56,935 Floating 2.8 7.5 8/9/2024 68 4 Loan 65 Senior 2/13/2019 Baltimore, MD 56,421 56,421 Floating 3.5 8.1 2/9/2024 74 4 Loan 66 Senior 4/5/2019 L.I. City, NY 45,596 68,330 Floating 3.3 7.8 4/9/2024 58 5 Loan 67 Senior 5/23/2022 Plano, TX 40,092 40,300 Floating 4.3 9.0 6/9/2027 64 3 Loan 68 Senior 4/27/2022 Plano, TX 39,095 39,270 Floating 4.1 8.8 5/9/2027 70 3 Loan 69 Senior 11/23/2021 Tualatin, OR 38,653 38,862 Floating 4.0 8.8 12/9/2026 66 3 Subtotal top 10 office loans 618,339 642,536 18 of total loans Loan 70 Senior 9/28/2021 Reston, VA 36,222 36,382 Floating 4.0 8.9 10/9/2026 71 3 Loan 71 Senior 11/17/2021 Dallas, TX 36,121 36,309 Floating 3.9 8.7 12/9/2025 61 3 Loan 72 (8) 
 Senior 5/29/2019 L.I. City, NY 34,000 68,432 n/a (8) 
 n/a (8) 
 n/a (8) 
 6/9/2024 59 5 Loan 73 Senior 4/7/2022 San Jose, CA 33,528 33,750 Floating 4.2 9.0 4/9/2027 70 3 Loan 74 Senior 6/2/2021 South Pasadena, CA 33,096 33,091 Floating 4.9 9.8 6/9/2026 69 3 Loan 75 Senior 4/30/2021 San Diego, CA 31,208 31,365 Floating 3.6 8.3 5/9/2026 55 3 Loan 76 Senior 6/16/2017 Miami, FL 30,348 30,008 Floating 5.8 10.1 6/9/2023 73 3 Loan 77 Senior 11/19/2021 Gardena, CA 28,264 28,505 Floating 3.5 8.2 12/9/2026 69 3 Loan 78 Senior 10/21/2021 Blue Bell, PA 27,930 27,930 Floating 3.8 8.5 11/9/2023 67 3 Loan 79 Senior 3/31/2022 Blue Bell, PA 27,367 27,447 Floating 4.2 9.5 4/9/2025 59 3 Subtotal top 20 office loans 936,423 995,755 27 of total loans Loan 80 Senior 2/26/2019 Charlotte, NC 25,904 26,052 Floating 3.3 7.8 7/9/2025 51 2 Loan 81 Senior 11/23/2021 Oakland, CA 24,871 25,000 Floating 4.2 9.0 12/9/2026 57 4 Loan 82 Senior 12/7/2021 Hillsboro, OR 24,380 24,511 Floating 4.0 8.8 12/9/2024 71 3 Loan 83 Senior 9/16/2019 San Francisco, CA 22,951 22,951 Floating 3.3 7.9 10/9/2024 82 3 Loan 84 Senior 7/30/2021 Denver, CO 22,841 22,986 Floating 4.4 9.1 8/9/2026 66 3 Loan 85 Senior 8/27/2019 San Francisco, CA 22,121 22,121 Floating 2.9 7.5 9/9/2024 79 4 Loan 86 Senior 10/29/2020 Denver, CO 18,638 18,708 Floating 3.7 8.4 11/9/2025 64 3 Loan 87 Senior 10/13/2021 Burbank, CA 15,895 16,011 Floating 4.0 8.7 11/9/2026 57 3 Loan 88 Senior 8/31/2021 Los Angeles, CA 15,155 15,229 Floating 4.5 9.4 9/9/2026 58 3 Loan 89 Senior 11/16/2021 Charlotte, NC 15,054 15,171 Floating 4.5 9.2 12/9/2026 67 3 Loan 90 Senior 11/10/2021 Richardson, TX 13,468 13,507 Floating 4.1 9.0 12/9/2026 71 3 Loan 91 Senior 9/26/2019 Salt Lake City, UT 12,152 12,152 Floating 2.7 7.3 10/9/2024 72 3 Total/Weighted average office loans 1,169,853 1,230,154 3.7 8.3 2.7 years 3.3 

50 

Table of Contents 

 Loan Type Origination Date City, State Carrying value (1) 
 Principal balance Coupon type Cash Coupon (2) 
 Unlevered all-in yield (3) 
 Extended maturity date Loan-to-value (4) 
 Q4 Risk ranking (5) 
 Hotel Loan 92 Senior 1/2/2018 San Jose, CA 184,953 184,953 Floating 4.8 9.1 11/9/2026 79 4 Loan 93 Senior 6/28/2018 Berkeley, CA 119,868 120,000 Floating 3.2 7.8 7/9/2025 66 4 Loan 94 Senior 6/25/2018 Englewood, CO 73,000 73,000 Floating 3.5 7.9 2/9/2025 62 3 Loan 95 Mezzanine 9/23/2019 Berkeley, CA 28,290 28,290 Fixed 11.5 11.5 7/9/2025 66 - 81 4 Loan 96 (9) 
 Mezzanine 1/9/2017 New York, NY 12,120 12,000 Floating 11.0 15.4 9/9/2022 67 - 80 5 Total/Weighted average hotel loans 418,231 418,243 4.7 8.9 3.0 years 3.9 Other (Mixed-use) Loan 97 Senior 10/24/2019 Brooklyn, NY 77,587 77,587 Floating 4.2 8.8 11/9/2024 70 3 Loan 98 Senior 1/13/2022 New York, NY 45,460 45,705 Floating 3.5 8.4 2/9/2027 67 3 Loan 99 Senior 5/3/2022 Brooklyn, NY 28,260 28,449 Floating 4.4 9.2 5/9/2027 68 3 Loan 100 (6)(10) 
 Mezzanine 9/1/2020 Los Angeles, CA 162,243 n/a (10) 
 n/a (10) 
 n/a (10) 
 7/9/2023 n/a 5 Total/Weighted average other (mixed-use) loans 151,307 313,984 4.0 8.7 3.0 years 3.0 Industrial Loan 101 Senior 7/13/2022 Ontario, CA 23,179 23,384 Floating 3.3 8.0 8/9/2027 66 3 Loan 102 Senior 3/25/2022 City of Industry, CA 16,695 16,821 Floating 3.4 8.2 4/9/2027 67 3 Loan 103 Senior 3/21/2022 Commerce, CA 10,362 10,434 Floating 3.3 8.1 4/9/2027 71 3 Total/Weighted average industrial loans 50,236 50,639 3.3 8.1 4.4 years 3.0 Total/Weighted average senior and mezzanine loans and preferred equity - Our Portfolio 3,517,823 3,748,487 3.8 8.5 3.2 years 3.2 
 _________________________________________ 
 (1) Represents carrying values at our share as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Represents the stated coupon rate for loans; for floating rate loans, does not include USD 1-month London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), which were 4.39 and 4.36 , respectively, as of December 31, 2022. 
 (3) In addition to the stated cash coupon rate, unlevered all-in yield includes non-cash payment in-kind interest income and the accrual of origination, extension and exit fees. Unlevered all-in yield for the loan portfolio assumes the applicable floating benchmark rate as of December 31, 2022, for weighted average calculations. 
 (4) Except for construction loans, senior loans reflect the initial loan amount divided by the as-is value as of the date the loan was originated, or the principal amount divided by the appraised value as of the date of the most recent as-is appraisal. Mezzanine loans include attachment loan-to-value and detachment loan-to-value, respectively. Attachment loan-to-value reflects initial funding of loans senior to our position divided by the as-is value as of the date the loan was originated, or the principal amount divided by the appraised value as of the date of the most recent appraisal. Detachment loan-to-value reflects the cumulative initial funding of our loan and the loans senior to our position divided by the as-is value as of the date the loan was originated, or the cumulative principal amount divided by the appraised value as of the date of the most recent appraisal. 
 (5) On a quarterly basis, the Company s senior and mezzanine loans are rated 1 through 5, from less risk to greater risk. Represents risk ranking as of December 31, 2022. 
 (6) Construction senior loans loan-to-value reflect the total commitment amount of the loan divided by as-completed appraised value, or the total commitment amount of the loan divided by the projected total cost basis. Construction mezzanine loans include attachment loan-to-value and detachment loan-to-value. Attachment loan-to-value reflects the total commitment amount of loans senior to our position divided by as-completed appraised value, or the total commitment amount of loans senior to our position divided by projected total cost basis. Detachment loan-to-value reflect the cumulative commitment amount of our loan and the loans senior to our position divided by as-completed appraised value, or the cumulative commitment amount of our loan and loans senior to our position divided by projected total cost basis. 
 (7) Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we received repayment proceeds of 29.1 million relating to loan 60. 
 (8) Loan 72 was placed on nonaccrual status in September 2022; as such, no income is being recognized. 
 (9) Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the maturity date for loan 96 was extended to December 15,2023. 
 (10) Loan 100 is an investment in an unconsolidated venture whose underlying interest is in a loan and was placed on nonaccrual status in April 2020; as such, no income is being recognized. 

51 

Table of Contents 

 At December 31, 2022, our general CECL reserve for our outstanding loans and future loan funding commitments is 49.5 million, which is 1.34 of the aggregate commitment amount of our loan portfolio, excluding loans that were evaluated for specific CECL reserves. This represents an increase of 20.6 million from 28.9 million or 0.71 of the aggregate commitment amount of our loan portfolio at September 30, 2022. This increase was primarily driven by reserves recorded on our portfolio of office loans, partially offset by the improved operating performance of the underlying collateral on certain hospitality loans and loans that repaid during the fourth quarter of 2022. During the third quarter of 2022, we recorded 57.2 million of specific CECL reserves related to two Long Island City, New York office Senior Loans . There were no specific CECL reserves recorded during the fourth quarter of 2022. For further discussion on these specific CECL reserves see Asset Specific Loan Summaries below. 
 Asset Specific Loan Summaries 
 Long Island City, New York Office Senior Loans 
 Loan Type Collateral type Origination Date Carrying value Principal balance Coupon type Cash Coupon Unlevered all-in yield Extended maturity date Loan-to-value (1) 
 Q4 Risk ranking Loan 66 Senior Office 4/5/2019 45,596 68,330 Floating 3.3 7.8 4/9/2024 58 5 Loan 72 Senior Office 5/29/2019 34,000 68,432 n/a (2) 
 n/a (2) 
 n/a (2) 
 6/9/2024 59 5 ______________________________________ 
 (1) Loan-to-value is calculated using the as-is value on the date of loan origination. 
 (2) Loan 72 was placed on nonaccrual status in September 2022; as such, no income is being recognized 
 We originated two senior loans on two transitional office properties to the same sponsorship group. However, the borrowing entities are unrelated and the loans are neither cross-collateralized nor cross defaulted. 
 The New York City NYC metro office markets have experienced and continue to experience higher vacancy rates due to the ongoing impact of COVID-19 and the continued impact of employee work from home arrangements. The Long Island City market has seen increases in vacancy as newly developed or renovated properties have become available for leasing. Additionally, the availability of significant sub-lease space in Long Island City has created additional supply putting downward pressure on rents. 
 Loan 66 
 As of December 31, 2022, Loan 66 has in-place leases for 30 of the property and generates incremental revenue from license agreements for rooftop signage and antenna space. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the property received a certificate of eligibility for the industrial and commercial abatement program ICAP resulting in significant tax savings for the current year and will result in lower real estate taxes for the next 15 years, subject to renewal on an annual basis. 
 The Loan 66 property cash flows are insufficient to cover the debt service payments. In March 2021, and again in January 2022, we modified the loan, allowing the borrower to use certain future funding advances from the tenant improvements and leasing costs account to cover interest carry and operations shortfalls, provided that the borrower made incremental deposits for interest and carry reserves to support the property. 
 Loan 66 is performing and current on interest payments as of the February 9, 2023 payment date. However, Loan 66 s ability to remain a performing loan and remain current on interest payments is highly uncertain given the lack of leasing activity and the requirement of further capital contributions from the borrower. Given the continued negative market conditions surrounding NYC metro office buildings, including the lack of leasing activity, we utilized the estimated fair value of the collateral to estimate a specific CECL reserve of 22.7 million during the third quarter of 2022. There were no additional CECL reserves recorded during the fourth quarter of 2022. The borrower is cooperating with a consensual sale process through a national commercial real estate sales advisor. The loan has a mezzanine component which would facilitate a timely foreclosure in a proceeding pursuant to the Uniform Commercial Code, if required. 
 Loan 72 
 As of December 31, 2022, Loan 72 has in-place leases for 10 of the property and generates incremental revenue from a license agreement from rooftop signage. In the second quarter of 2022, the property received a certificate of eligibility for the ICAP resulting in significant tax savings for the current year and will result in lower real estate taxes for the next 15 years, subject to renewal on an annual basis. 
 Loan 72 property cash flows are insufficient to cover the debt service payments. In March 2021, and again in January 2022, we modified the loan, allowing the borrower to use certain future funding advances from the tenant improvements and leasing costs 

52 

Table of Contents 

 account to cover interest carry and operations shortfalls, provided that the borrower made incremental deposits for interest and carry reserves to support the property. 
 Borrower reserves have been exhausted and the loan has been in payment default since October 2022, and was placed on nonaccrual status as of September 2022. Given the continued negative market conditions surrounding NYC metro office buildings, including the lack of leasing activity, we utilized the estimated fair value of the collateral to estimate a specific CECL reserve of 34.5 million during the third quarter of 2022. There were no additional CECL reserves recorded during the fourth quarter of 2022. The borrower is cooperating with a consensual sale process through a national commercial real estate sales advisor. The loan has a mezzanine component which would facilitate a timely foreclosure in a proceeding pursuant to the Uniform Commercial Code, if required. 
 Santa Clara, California Pre-development Senior Loan 
 Loan Type Collateral type Origination Date Carrying value Principal balance Coupon type Cash Coupon Unlevered all-in yield Extended maturity date Loan-to-value (1) 
 Q4 Risk ranking Loan 1 Senior Multifamily 6/18/2019 57,439 57,439 Floating 4.4 9.0 6/18/2024 65 4 
 ______________________________________ 
 (1) Loan-to-value is calculated using the as-is value on the date of loan origination. 
 We originated a 108.0 million senior mortgage loan in 2019 secured by a collection of six parcels totaling 14.5 acres in Santa Clara, CA (the Pre-development Senior Loan ). At the time of origination, the property was improved with nine income-producing, low-rise structures across the two phases. The property is fully entitled for the development of 1,600 units DU in two phased assemblages, entitled for 700 DU and 900 DU, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the underwritten pre-development for Phase I and Phase II is complete, and the Pre-development Senior Loan is fully funded. In June 2021, the sponsor did not qualify for their first extension option. The maturity was ultimately extended for twelve months to June 2022 in exchange for certain lender required terms and conditions. 
 
 In June 2022, Phase I was released, the sponsor paid down the Pre-development Senior Loan by 50.6 million, and the Loan qualified for their second twelve month extension option. After the release of Phase I, our remaining collateral is the 900 DU in Phase II. The sponsor s current plan for Phase II is to secure the necessary financing to repay the remaining loan and begin development of Phase II of the project. Given the uncertainty in the finance markets, it is possible that financing is unavailable to repay the remaining loan at maturity in order to begin development of Phase II of the project pursuant to the current business plan and may result in a future valuation impairment or investment loss. 
 Washington, D.C Office Senior Loan 
 Loan Type Collateral type Origination Date Carrying value Principal balance Coupon type Cash Coupon Unlevered all-in yield Extended maturity date Loan-to-value (1) 
 Q4 Risk ranking Loan 64 Senior Office 7/12/2019 56,935 56,935 Floating 2.8 7.5 8/9/2024 68 4 
 ______________________________________ 
 (1) Loan-to-value is calculated using the as-is value on the date of loan origination. 
 We originated a 65.4 million senior mortgage loan in 2019 to finance the acquisition, capital improvements and leasing of a twelve story, 185,000 square foot, multi-tenant, Class-B office building located in the Dupont Circle neighborhood of Washington D.C (the DC Office Loan ). The DC Office Loan included an initial funding of 50.5 million with an additional 14.9 million of future funding, of which 7.2 million has been funded as of December 31, 2022. Since acquisition, the sponsor has been converting a portion of the vacant office space into coworking space, which includes private offices, suites, and an amenity floor. 
 The Washington D.C. DC office market, like most of the United States markets, was hit hard by the COVID-19 pandemic and remains distressed, with high overall vacancy rates due to the normalization of work from home and the hybrid attendance model. As a result of fewer employees commuting to their offices, businesses are re-evaluating their need for physical office space. Compounding the struggles of the DC office market, the federal government has adopted a telework work from home program for many employees who are not critical for office attendance. The federal government has been reducing their office requirements which is especially impacting the DC market area. As of December 2022, the DC Office Loan property is 51 leased and in addition to vacancy issues, the property has tenant leases that expire at the end of 2023, creating uncertainty around the ability to re-lease vacant space should these tenants elect not to renew. 

53 

Table of Contents 

 The DC Office Loan s second maturity was in August 2022, and it did not pass the extension tests. The sponsor requested that we waive the debt service coverage and debt yield hurdles required for their twelve-month extension option. We granted the sponsor a sixty-day extension so the sponsor could raise equity for a paydown to extend their loan for twelve months. At the end of the sixty-day extension, the sponsor requested an addition ninety-day extension which we granted. 
 While the loan remains performing based on reserves in place, those reserves will be depleted shortly, and the continuing performance of the loan is at risk. Given the uncertainty in the office market, a resolution has the potential to result in a future valuation impairment or investment loss. 
 Milpitas, California Development Mezzanine Loan 
 Loan Type Collateral type Origination Date Carrying value Principal balance Coupon type Cash Coupon Unlevered all-in yield Extended maturity date Loan-to-value (1) 
 Q4 Risk ranking Loan 7 Mezzanine Multifamily 12/3/2019 43,861 43,861 Fixed 8.0 13.3 12/3/2024 58 - 85 4 
 ______________________________________ 
 (1) Loan-to-value is calculated using the as-is value on the date of loan origination. 
 We originated a 38.6 million mezzanine loan in 2019 to finance the development of a 213-unit luxury multifamily property, with 13,000 square feet of ground floor retail, located in Milpitas, CA (the Development Mezzanine Loan ). The property s land was acquired in 2015 as part of a larger, 27 acres, 31.9 million land acquisition. The sponsor worked alongside the seller to receive full entitlements prior to the closing of the acquisition. An additional 9.0 million was spent fully entitling and subdividing the 27 acres into four lots. Post-acquisition of the land and the subdividing, the property sits on two acres. Our Development Mezzanine Loan sits behind a 84.0 million senior loan in the capital stack. 
 Construction of the property is complete, and the sponsor is currently leasing all available units. As of February 2023, the Property s multifamily component is 81 leased, however no retail leases have been signed. The Development Mezzanine Loan s initial maturity date was in December 2022, and it did not pass all its extension tests. We, and the senior loan lender, extended the maturity date to March 3, 2023. We continue to evaluate potential modifications, extensions and/or restructuring opportunities. As a result, a resolution has the potential to result in a future valuation impairment or investment loss. 
 Net Leased and Other Real Estate 
 Our net leased real estate investment strategy focuses on direct ownership in commercial real estate with an emphasis on properties with stable cash flow, which may be structurally senior to a third-party partner s equity. In addition, we may own net leased real estate investments through joint ventures with one or more partners. As part of our net leased real estate strategy, we explore a variety of real estate investments including multi-tenant office, multifamily, student housing and industrial. Additionally, we have two investments in direct ownership of commercial real estate and own these operating real estate investments through joint ventures with one or more partners. Our properties are typically well-located with strong operating partners. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 768.4 million or 17.9 of our assets were invested in net leased and other real estate properties and these properties were 97.0 occupied. The following table presents our net leased and other real estate investments as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 
 Count (1) 
 Carrying Value (2) 
 NOI for the year ended December 31, 2022 (3) 
 Net leased real estate 8 607,672 49,673 Other real estate 2 160,729 15,638 Total/Weighted average net leased and other real estate 10 768,401 65,311 
 ________________________________________ 
 (1) Count represents the number of investments. 
 (2) Represents carrying values at our share as of December 31, 2022; includes real estate tangible assets, deferred leasing costs and other intangible assets less intangible liabilities. 
 (3) Refer to Non-GAAP Supplemental Financial Measures for further information on NOI. 

54 

Table of Contents 

 The following table provides asset-level detail of our net leased and other real estate as of December 31, 2022: 
 Collateral type City, State Number of Properties Rentable square feet RSF / units/keys (1) 
 Weighted average leased (2) 
 Weighted average lease term (yrs) (3) 
 Net leased real estate Net lease 1 Office Stavanger, Norway 1 1,290,926 RSF 100 7.7 Net lease 2 Industrial Various - U.S. 2 2,787,343 RSF 100 15.7 Net lease 3 Office Aurora, CO 1 183,529 RSF 100 4.8 Net lease 4 Office Indianapolis, IN 1 338,000 RSF 100 8.0 Net lease 5 (4) 
 Retail Various - U.S. 7 319,600 RSF 100 4.0 Net lease 6 Retail Keene, NH 1 45,471 RSF 100 6.1 Net lease 7 Retail Fort Wayne, IN 1 50,000 RSF 100 1.7 Net lease 8 Retail South Portland, ME 1 52,900 RSF 100 8.1 Total/Weighted average net leased real estate 15 5,067,769 RSF 100 10.7 Other real estate Other real estate 1 Office Creve Coeur, MO 7 847,604 RSF 87 3.8 Other real estate 2 Office Warrendale, PA 5 496,414 RSF 82 2.7 Total/Weighted average other real estate 12 1,344,018 RSF 85 3.3 Total/Weighted average net leased and other real estate 27 
 _________________________________________ 
 (1) Rentable square feet based on carry value at our share as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Represents the percent leased as of December 31, 2022. Weighted average calculation based on carrying value at our share as of December 31, 2022. 
 (3) Based on in-place leases (defined as occupied and paying leases) as of December 31, 2022, and assumes that no renewal options are exercised. Weighted average calculation based on carrying value at our share as of December 31, 2022. 
 (4) Subsequent to December 31, 2022, two retail property leases were extended through January 2029. 
 Asset Specific Net Leased Summaries 
 Stavanger, Norway Office Net Lease 
 Collateral type City, State Number of Properties Rentable square feet RSF / units/keys Weighted average leased Weighted average lease term (yrs) Net lease 1 Office Stavanger, Norway 1 1,290,926 RSF 100 7.7 
 In July 2018, we acquired a class A office campus in Stavanger, Norway (the Norway Net Lease for 320 million. This property is 100 occupied by a single tenant that is rated investment grade AA-/Aa2 from S P and Moody s, respectively. The property serves as their global headquarters. The Norway Net Lease requires the tenant to pay for all real estate-related expenses, including operational expenditures, capital expenditures and municipality taxes. The Norway Net Lease has a weighted average remaining lease term of eight years and the tenant has the option to extend for two five-year periods at the same terms with rent adjusted to market rent, and there is a risk that the rent can decrease at that time. The Norway Net Lease also has annual rent increases based on the Norwegian CPI Index through 2030. The rent increase in 2022 was 5.1 . Our tenant has injected a significant amount of capital into improvements of the property over the past 10 years. 
 Financing on the Norway Net Lease consists of a mortgage payable of 162.4 million with a fixed rate of 3.9 , which matures in June 2025, at which time there will be five years remaining on the initial lease term. The financing includes a provision for annual appraisal valuation each May with loan-to-value LTV tests declining from 75 LTV beginning in year five, to 70 LTV after year eight and 65 LTV after year nine. The most recent valuation in May of 2022 resulted in an LTV of 67 . Market conditions could impact property valuations and continuing compliance with those annual tests, resulting in a cash trap subject to LTV rebalancing. 
 This five-year remaining lease term along with risk of a downward rent adjustment at the 2030 renewal, and the increase in interest rates, could adversely impact the refinancing or sale of the asset. Furthermore, we have no assurances that the tenant will remain at the property beyond 2030. The tenant has made all rent payments and is current on all its financial obligations under the lease. Both the lease payments and mortgage debt service are NOK denominated currency. We maintain a series of USD-NOK forward swaps in order to minimize our foreign currency cash flow risk. These forward swaps occur quarterly 

55 

Table of Contents 

 through May 2024, where we have agreed to sell NOK and buy USD at a locked in forward curve rate. However, only the lease payments are hedged through May 2024. The net equity and lease payments beyond May 2024 are not hedged at this time. Therefore, the Norway Net Lease net book value may be subject to fluctuations based on the USD-NOK impact on unhedged values. 
 Warehouse Distribution Portfolio Net Lease 
 Collateral type City, State Number of Properties Rentable square feet RSF / units/keys Weighted average leased Weighted average lease term (yrs) Net lease 2 Industrial Various - U.S. 2 2,787,343 RSF 100 15.7 
 In August 2018 we acquired two warehouse distribution facilities located in Tracy, California and Tolleson, Arizona (the Warehouse Distribution Portfolio for 292 million. These two properties are 100 occupied by a single tenant that is rated investment grade Ba1 from Moody s. The tenant is a national grocer and these properties form a part of its national distribution network. The Warehouse Distribution Portfolio lease (the Warehouse Distribution Portfolio Lease requires the tenant to pay for all real estate-related expenses, including operational expenditures, capital expenditures and taxes. The tenant has invested a significant amount of capital expenditures into each property over the past few years and has plans for additional capital expenditures in 2023. The Warehouse Distribution Portfolio Lease has a remaining lease term of 15.7 years ending in 2038. The tenant has the option to extend the lease for nine five-year periods at the same terms with rent adjusted to market rent. The Warehouse Distribution Portfolio Lease also has annual rent increases of 1.5 . Financing on the Warehouse Distribution Portfolio consists of mortgage and mezzanine debt for a total combined amount payable of 200 million. The debt is interest only at a blended fixed rate of 4.8 and matures in September 2028. The debt has a defeasance provision for any early loan prepayment. The tenant has made all rent payments and is current on all its financial obligations under the Warehouse Distribution Portfolio Lease. The tenant has recently announced a merger with another national grocer, which is pending regulatory approval. If the merger is approved, it is not expected to impact our lease agreement. 
 The Warehouse Distribution Portfolio has generated net operating income for the year ended December 31, 2022, of 20.2 million; and the asset value on our consolidated balance sheet is 253.8 million as of December 31, 2022. 

56 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following table summarizes our portfolio results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 compared to 2021 2021 compared to 2020 Net interest income Interest income 236,181 168,845 156,851 67,336 11,994 Interest expense (111,806) (55,484) (63,043) (56,322) 7,559 Interest income on mortgage loans held in securitization trusts 32,163 51,609 92,461 (19,446) (40,852) Interest expense on mortgage obligations issued by securitization trusts (29,434) (45,460) (83,952) 16,026 38,492 Net interest income 127,104 119,510 102,317 7,594 17,193 Property and other income Property operating income 90,191 102,634 175,037 (12,443) (72,403) Other income 6,058 2,333 1,836 3,725 497 Total property and other income 96,249 104,967 176,873 (8,718) (71,906) Expenses Management fee expense 9,596 29,739 (9,596) (20,143) Property operating expense 24,222 30,286 64,987 (6,064) (34,701) Transaction, investment and servicing expense 3,434 4,556 9,975 (1,122) (5,419) Interest expense on real estate 28,717 32,278 48,860 (3,561) (16,582) Depreciation and amortization 34,099 36,399 59,766 (2,300) (23,367) Increase (decrease) of CECL reserve 70,635 (1,432) 78,561 72,067 (79,993) Impairment of operating real estate 42,814 (42,814) Compensation and benefits 33,031 32,143 5,518 888 26,625 Operating expense 14,641 17,868 21,033 (3,227) (3,165) Restructuring charges 109,321 (109,321) 109,321 Total expenses 208,779 271,015 361,253 (62,236) (90,238) Other income Unrealized gain (loss) on mortgage loans and obligations held in securitization trusts, net 854 41,904 (50,521) (41,050) 92,425 Realized loss on mortgage loans and obligations held in securitization trusts, net (854) (36,623) 35,769 (36,623) Other gain (loss), net 34,630 74,067 (118,725) (39,437) 192,792 Income (loss) before equity in earnings of unconsolidated ventures and income taxes 49,204 32,810 (251,309) 16,394 284,119 Equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated ventures 25 (131,115) (135,173) 131,140 4,058 Income tax benefit (expense) (2,440) (6,276) 10,898 3,836 (17,174) Net income (loss) 46,789 (104,581) (375,584) 151,370 271,003 
 
 Comparison of Year Ended December 31, 2022 and Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Net Interest Income 
 Interest income 
 Interest income increased by 67.3 million to 236.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to 108.5 million from 2022 loan originations and the full-year impact of 2021 originations in addition to higher LIBOR and SOFR interest rates, partially offset by 42.4 million related to loan repayments. 

57 

Table of Contents 

 Interest expense 
 Interest expense increased by 56.3 million to 111.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was driven by 69.8 million related to 2022 financings and the full-year impact of 2021 financings for new loan originations, as well as higher LIBOR and SOFR interest rates. This was partially offset by 10.1 million in payoffs of financings in connection with loan repayments and reduced costs associated with the amendment and restatement of our Bank Credit Facility of 3.2 million. 
 Net interest income on mortgage loans and obligations held in securitization trusts, net 
 Net interest income on mortgage loans and obligations held in securitization trusts, net decreased by 3.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, due to the sale of the retained interests of two securitization trusts in April 2021 and November 2022. 
 Property and other income 
 Property operating income 
 Property operating income decreased by 12.4 million to 90.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily the result of two property sales in the first quarter of 2022 and the sale of an industrial portfolio in the first quarter of 2021. 
 Other income 
 Other income of 6.1 million was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022, which primarily relates to income from money market investments and special servicing income associated with a securitization trust. Other income of 2.3 million was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021, which primarily relates to a one-time reimbursement received upon the winding down of a joint venture investment. 
 Expenses 
 Management fee expense 
 Management fee expense decreased by 9.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease is due to the termination of the management agreement (the Management Agreement with our former manager (the Manager ), a subsidiary of DigitalBridge Group, Inc. that occurred in April 2021. 
 Property operating expense 
 Property operating expense decreased by 6.1 million to 24.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily the result of two property sales in the first quarter of 2022 and the sale of an industrial portfolio in the first quarter of 2021. 
 Transaction, investment and servicing expense 
 Transaction, investment and servicing expense decreased by 1.1 million to 3.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to lower franchise tax expense partially offset by higher securitization expenses incurred following the execution of the BRSP 2021-FL1 securitization in July 2021. 
 Interest expense on real estate 
 Interest expense on real estate decreased by 3.6 million to 28.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to the repayments of mortgage loans secured by two properties sold in the first quarter of 2022 and an industrial portfolio that was sold in the first quarter of 2021. 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense decreased by 2.3 million to 34.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily the result of two property sales in the first quarter of 2022. 
 Increase (decrease) of CECL reserve 
 We recorded CECL reserves of 70.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to a reversal of reserves of 1.4 million for year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to a net increase of 44.9 million on two Long 

58 

Table of Contents 

 Island City, New York office senior loans recorded during the third quarter of 2022 and an increase in reserves on office loans during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 Compensation and benefits 
 Compensation and benefits increased by 0.9 million to 33.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This was primarily due to an increase in employee compensation following the internalization of our management and operating functions (the Internalization on April 30, 2021, partially offset by lower stock compensation expense during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Operating expense 
 Operating expense decreased by 3.2 million to 14.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease was due to lower operating expenses following the Internalization on April 30, 2021. 
 Restructuring Charges 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded 109.3 million in restructuring costs related to the termination of our Management Agreement with our previous Manager. This consisted of a one-time cash payment of 102.3 million to our previous Manager paid on April 30, 2021 and 7.0 million in additional restructuring costs consisting primarily of fees paid for legal and investment banking advisory services. 
 Other income (loss) 
 Unrealized gain (loss) on mortgage loans and obligations held in securitization trusts, net 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded an unrealized gain of 0.9 million on mortgage loans and obligations held in securitization trusts, net due to the sale of retained investments in the subordinate tranches of one securitization trust. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a 41.9 million unrealized gain on mortgage loans and obligations held in securitization trusts, net. This was primarily due to the sale of the retained investments in the subordinate tranches of one securitization trust in the second quarter of 2021 and the second and fourth quarter 2021 sales of two underlying loans held within one of our retained investments in the subordinate tranches of another securitization trust. Upon the sales, the accumulated unrealized losses relating to the retained investments were reversed and subsequently recorded to realized loss on mortgage loans and obligations held in securitization trusts, net. 
 Realized loss on mortgage loans and obligations held in securitization trusts, net 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a realized loss of 0.9 million on mortgage loans and obligations held in securitization trusts, net due to the sale of retained investments in the subordinate tranches of one securitization trust. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a 36.6 million realized loss on mortgage loans and obligations held in securitization trusts, net, primarily due to the 19.5 million realized loss upon sale of the retained investments in the subordinate tranches of one securitization trust in the second quarter of 2021. We also recorded a realized loss of 17.1 million related to the sale of two underlying loans held within one of our retained investments in the subordinate tranches of another securitization trust in the second and fourth quarters of 2021. 
 Other gain (loss), net 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded other gain, net of 34.6 million, primarily due to realized gains on two property sales in the first quarter of 2022 and the sale of a preferred equity investment in the second quarter of 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded other gain, net of 74.1 million primarily due to the 52.9 million realized gain on the sale of five co-investment assets to managed vehicles of Fortress Investment Group LLC in the fourth quarter of 2021 (the Co-Investment Portfolio Sale and a realized gain of 11.8 million on the sale of an industrial portfolio in the first quarter of 2021. 
 Equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated ventures 
 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated ventures was de minimis during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021 e quity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated ventures was 131.1 million, primarily due to fair value loss adjustments recorded on three equity method investments during the second quarter of 2021. 

59 

Table of Contents 

 Income tax benefit (expense) 
 Income tax expense decreased by 3.8 million to 2.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This was primarily due to a 6.1 million expense recorded in the fourth quarter of 2021 related to the sale of a hotel investment in Austin, TX, partially offset by higher income tax resulting from growth in taxable income and return to provision adjustments recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Comparison of Year Ended December 31, 2021 and Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Net Interest Income 
 Interest income 
 Interest income increased by 12.0 million to 168.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase was primarily due to 41.3 million related to loan originations, which was offset by 32.9 million related to loan payoffs and CMBS sales. 
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense decreased by 7.6 million to 55.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease was primarily due to 15.3 million related to paydowns on our Bank Credit Facility, Master Repurchase Facilities and CMBS Credit Facilities and 5.2 million from amortization of deferred financing costs. This was partially offset by 7.5 million relating to financings on new loans and 5.9 million related to BRSP 2021-FL1. 
 Net interest income on mortgage loans and obligations held in securitization trusts, net 
 Net interest income on mortgage loans and obligations held in securitization trusts, net decreased by 2.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease was primarily due to the sale of the retained interest of a securitization trust during the second quarter of 2021. 
 Property and other income 
 Property operating income 
 Property operating income decreased by 72.4 million to 102.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease was primarily due to real estate properties sold throughout 2020 and 2021. 
 Other income 
 Other income of 2.3 million was recorded f or the year ended December 31, 2021. This was primarily due to a one-time reimbursement received upon the winding down of a joint venture investment. 
 Expenses 
 Management fee expense 
 Management fee expense decreased by 20.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 due to the termination of the Management Agreement in April 2021. 
 Property operating expense 
 Property operating expense decreased by 34.7 million to 30.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease was primarily due to real estate properties sold throughout 2020 and 2021. 
 Transaction, investment and servicing expense 
 Transaction, investment and servicing expense decreased by 5.4 million to 4.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to higher legal co sts of 2.4 million a ssociated with exploring strategic options of the Company in the first quarter of 2020 and legal costs of 1.5 million incurred in 2020 relating to resolved investments. 

60 

Table of Contents 

 Interest expense on real estate 
 Interest expense on real estate decreased by 16.6 million to 32.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease was primarily due to real estate properties sold throughout 2020 and the sale of an industrial portfolio during the first quarter of 2021. 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense decreased by 23.4 million to 36.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease was primarily due to real estate properties sold throughout 2020 and 2021. 
 Increase (decrease) of CECL reserve 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a decrease of 1.4 million primarily relating to net changes in our CECL reserves in accordance with ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses. 
 Impairment of operating real estate 
 Impairment of operating real estate was 42.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The impairment resulted from a reduction in the estimated holding period of certain properties sold during the period. There was no impairment of operating real estate for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Compensation and benefits 
 Compensation and benefits increased by 26.6 million to 32.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. This was primarily due to 15.0 million of compensation and benefits following the internalization of management operations on April 30, 2021 and higher stock compensation expense of 9.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Operating expense 
 Operating expense decreased by 3.2 million to 17.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. This decrease was primarily due to reimbursable costs paid to our previous Manager prior to the termination of our Management Agreement on April 30, 2021. 
 Restructuring charges 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded 109.3 million in restructuring costs related to the termination of our Management Agreement with our previous Manager. This consisted of a one-time cash payment of 102.3 million to our previous Manager paid on April 30, 2021 and 7.0 million in additional restructuring costs consisting primarily of fees paid for legal and investment banking advisory services. 
 Other income (loss) 
 Unrealized gain (loss) on mortgage loans and obligations held in securitization trusts, net 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a 41.9 million unrealized gain on mortgage loans and obligations held in securitization trusts, net. This was primarily due to the sale of the retained investments in the subordinate tranches of one securitization trust in the second quarter of 2021 and the second and fourth quarter 2021 sales of two underlying loans held within one of our retained investments in the subordinate tranches of another securitization trust. Upon the sales, the accumulated unrealized losses relating to the retained investments were reversed and subsequently recorded to realized loss on mortgage loans and obligations held in securitization trusts, net. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded an unrealized loss of 50.5 million on mortgage loans and obligations held in securitization trusts, net which represents the change in fair value of the assets and liabilities of the securitization trusts consolidation as a result of our investment in the subordinate tranches of the securitization trusts. 
 Realized loss on mortgage loans and obligations held in securitization trusts, net 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a 36.6 million realized loss on mortgage loans and obligations held in securitization trusts, net, primarily due to the 19.5 million realized loss upon sale of the retained investments in the subordinate tranches of one securitization trust in the second quarter of 2021. We also recorded a realized loss of 17.1 million related to the sale of two underlying loans held within one of our retained investments in the subordinate tranches of another securitization trust. 

61 

Table of Contents 

 Other gain (loss), net 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded other gain, net of 74.1 million primarily due to the 52.9 million realized gain on the Co-Investment Portfolio Sale in the fourth quarter of 2021 and a realized gain of 11.8 million on the sale of an industrial portfolio in the first quarter of 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded other loss, net of 118.7 million primarily due to a 99.0 million realized net loss on the sale of 41 CRE securities and the realization of the fair value marks on our remaining CRE securities portfolio. Additionally, a 38.0 million provision for loan loss was recorded on one hospitality loan during 2020. This was partially offset by a realized gain of 9.3 million on the sale of an industrial portfolio during 2020. 
 Equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated ventures 
 Equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated ventures was 131.1 million and 135.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and the year ended December 31, 2020, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2021 the 131.1 million loss was comprised of our proportionate share of a 97.9 million fair value loss adjustment on the Los Angeles, California Mixed-Use Project and our proportionate share of 35.5 million in fair value loss adjustments related to three co-investments included in the Co-Investment Portfolio Sale. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the 135.2 million loss was primarily due to recording our proportionate share of 162.0 million in fair value losses relating to three co-investments, partially offset by 8.4 million related to the sale and repayment of equity method investments. 
 Income tax benefit (expense) 
 Income tax benefit (expense) increased by 17.2 million to an expense of 6.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. This was primarily due to a 11.3 million reduction in the one-time prior year benefit from a tax capital loss carryback on private equity investments and a 6.1 million increase in current year income tax expense related to the sale of a hotel investment in Austin, TX. 
 
 Book Value Per Share 
 The following table calculates our GAAP book value per share and undepreciated book value per share in thousands, except per share data): 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Stockholders Equity excluding noncontrolling interests in investment entities 1,387,768 1,489,843 Shares Class A common stock 128,872 129,769 OP units 3,076 Total outstanding 128,872 132,845 GAAP book value per share 10.77 11.22 Accumulated depreciation and amortization per share 1.29 1.15 Undepreciated book value per share 12.06 12.37 
 
 Non-GAAP Supplemental Financial Measures 
 Distributable Earnings 
 We present Distributable Earnings, which is a non-GAAP supplemental financial measure of our performance. We believe that Distributable Earnings provides meaningful information to consider in addition to our net income and cash flow from operating activities determined in accordance with GAAP, and this metric is a useful indicator for investors in evaluating and comparing our operating performance to our peers and our ability to pay dividends. We elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, beginning with our taxable year ended December 31, 2018. As a REIT, we are required to distribute substantially all of our taxable income and we believe that dividends are one of the principal reasons investors invest in credit or commercial mortgage REITs such as our company. Over time, Distributable Earnings has been a useful indicator of our dividends per share and we consider that measure in determining the dividend, if any, to be paid. This supplemental financial measure also helps us to evaluate our performance excluding the effects of certain transactions and GAAP adjustments that we believe are not necessarily indicative of our current portfolio and operations. 
 We define Distributable Earnings as GAAP net income (loss) attributable to our common stockholders (or, without duplication, the owners of the common equity of our direct subsidiaries, such as our OP) and excluding (i) non-cash equity compensation expense, (ii) the expenses incurred in connection with our formation or other strategic transactions, (iii) the incentive fee, (iv) 

62 

Table of Contents 

 acquisition costs from successful acquisitions, (v) gains or losses from sales of real estate property and impairment write-downs of depreciable real estate, including unconsolidated joint ventures and preferred equity investments, (vi) general CECL reserves determined by probability of default/loss given default PD/LGD model, (vii) depreciation and amortization, (viii) any unrealized gains or losses or other similar non-cash items that are included in net income for the current quarter, regardless of whether such items are included in other comprehensive income or loss, or in net income, (ix) one-time events pursuant to changes in GAAP and (x) certain material non-cash income or expense items that in the judgment of management should not be included in Distributable Earnings. For clauses (ix) and (x), such exclusions shall only be applied after approval by a majority of our independent directors. Distributable Earnings include specific CECL reserves when realized. Loan losses are realized when such amounts are deemed nonrecoverable at the time the loan is repaid, or if the underlying asset is sold following foreclosure, or if we determine that it is probable that all amounts due will not be collected; realized loan losses to be included in Distributable Earnings is the difference between the cash received, or expected to be received, and the book value of the asset. 
 Additionally, we define Adjusted Distributable Earnings as Distributable Earnings excluding (i) realized gains and losses on asset sales, (ii) fair value adjustments, which represent mark-to-market adjustments to investments in unconsolidated ventures based on an exit price, defined as the estimated price that would be received upon the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants, (iii) unrealized gains or losses, (iv) realized specific CECL reserves and (v) one-time gains or losses that in the judgement of management should not be included in Adjusted Distributable Earnings. We believe Adjusted Distributable Earnings is a useful indicator for investors to further evaluate and compare our operating performance to our peers and our ability to pay dividends, net of the impact of any gains or losses on assets sales or fair value adjustments, as described above. 
 Distributable Earnings and Adjusted Distributable Earnings do not represent net income or cash generated from operating activities and should not be considered as an alternative to GAAP net income or an indication of our cash flows from operating activities determined in accordance with GAAP, a measure of our liquidity, or an indication of funds available to fund our cash needs. In addition, our methodology for calculating Distributable Earnings and Adjusted Distributable Earnings may differ from methodologies employed by other companies to calculate the same or similar non-GAAP supplemental financial measures, and accordingly, our reported Distributable Earnings and Adjusted Distributable Earnings may not be comparable to the Distributable Earnings and Adjusted Distributable Earnings reported by other companies. 

63 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents a reconciliation of net income (loss) attributable to our common stockholders to Distributable Earnings and Adjusted Distributable Earnings attributable to our common stockholders and noncontrolling interest of the Operating Partnership (dollars and share amounts in thousands, except per share data) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) attributable to BrightSpire Capital, Inc. common stockholders 45,788 (101,046) (353,299) Adjustments: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest of the Operating Partnership 1,013 (1,803) (8,361) Non-cash equity compensation expense 7,888 14,016 4,367 Transaction costs 109,321 3,294 Depreciation and amortization 33,949 36,447 59,159 Net unrealized loss (gain): Impairment of operating real estate and preferred equity 42,814 Other unrealized (gain) loss on investments (1,155) (47,352) 40,732 General CECL reserves 13,692 (2,684) 15,317 Loss (gain) on sales of real estate, preferred equity and investments in unconsolidated joint ventures (30,709) (66,827) 432 Adjustments related to noncontrolling interests (730) 1,254 (9,400) Distributable Earnings (Loss) attributable to BrightSpire Capital, Inc. common stockholders and noncontrolling interest of the Operating Partnership 69,736 (58,674) (204,945) Distributable Earnings (Loss) per share (1) 
 0.53 (0.44) (1.56) Adjustments: Fair value adjustments 133,200 158,776 Realized loss (gain) on hedges 1,466 25,459 Realized loss on CRE debt securities and B-piece 797 38,842 74,759 Specific CECL reserves 56,944 1,251 92,126 PE Investments income tax benefit (13,025) Adjusted Distributable Earnings attributable to BrightSpire Capital, Inc. common stockholders and noncontrolling interest of the Operating Partnership 127,477 116,085 133,150 Adjusted Distributable Earnings per share (1) 
 0.98 0.87 1.01 Weighted average number of common shares and OP units (1) 
 130,539 132,807 131,623 
 ________________________________________ 
 (1) We calculate Distributable Earnings (Loss) per share, and Adjusted Distributable Earnings per share, non-GAAP financial measures, based on a weighted-average number of common shares and OP units (held by members other than us or our subsidiaries). For the year ended December 31, 2022 includes 3.1 million OP units until their redemption in May 2022. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, weighted average number of common shares includes 3.1 million OP units. 
 NOI 
 We believe NOI to be a useful measure of operating performance of our net leased and other real estate portfolios as they are more closely linked to the direct results of operations at the property level. NOI excludes historical cost depreciation and amortization, which are based on different useful life estimates depending on the age of the properties, as well as adjustments for the effects of real estate impairment and gains or losses on sales of depreciated properties, which eliminate differences arising from investment and disposition decisions. Additionally, by excluding corporate level expenses or benefits such as interest expense, any gain or loss on early extinguishment of debt and income taxes, which are incurred by the parent entity and are not directly linked to the operating performance of the Company s properties, NOI provides a measure of operating performance independent of the Company s capital structure and indebtedness. However, the exclusion of these items as well as others, such as capital expenditures and leasing costs, which are necessary to maintain the operating performance of the Company s properties, and transaction costs and administrative costs, may limit the usefulness of NOI. NOI may fail to capture significant trends in these components of GAAP net income (loss) which further limits its usefulness. 

64 

Table of Contents 

 NOI should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss), determined in accordance with GAAP, as an indicator of operating performance. In addition, our methodology for calculating NOI involves subjective judgment and discretion and may differ from the methodologies used by other companies, when calculating the same or similar supplemental financial measures and may not be comparable with other companies. 
 The following tables present a reconciliation of net income (loss) on our net leased and other real estate portfolios attributable to our common stockholders to NOI attributable to our common stockholders (dollars in thousands) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) attributable to BrightSpire Capital, Inc. common stockholders 45,788 (101,046) (353,299) Adjustments: Net (income) loss attributable to non-net leased and other real estate portfolios (1) 
 (32,342) 109,565 330,987 Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests in investment entities (12) (79) (7,201) Amortization of above- and below-market lease intangibles (364) (97) (415) Interest income 18 (15) Interest expense on real estate 28,717 32,278 48,860 Other income (18) (3) (949) Transaction, investment and servicing expense 681 (35) 864 Depreciation and amortization 33,886 36,162 59,766 Impairment of operating real estate 42,814 Operating expense 231 233 379 Other gain on investments, net (10,287) (4,691) (11,829) Income tax expense (benefit) 231 (68) (327) NOI attributable to noncontrolling interest in investment entities (1,200) (15,323) (11,680) Total NOI, at share 65,311 56,914 97,955 
 ________________________________________ 
 (1) Net income (loss) attributable to non-net leased and other real estate portfolios includes net (income) loss on our senior and mezzanine loans and preferred equity, CRE debt securities and corporate business segments. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 Our material cash commitments include commitments to repay borrowings, finance our assets and operations, meet future funding obligations, make distributions to our stockholders and fund other general business needs. We use significant cash to make investments, meet commitments to existing investments, repay the principal of and interest on our borrowings and pay other financing costs, make distributions to our stockholders and fund our operations. 
 Our primary sources of liquidity include cash on hand, cash generated from our operating activities and cash generated from asset sales and investment maturities. However, subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT and our Investment Company Act exclusion, we may use several sources to finance our business, including bank credit facilities (including term loans and revolving facilities), master repurchase facilities and securitizations, as described below. In addition to our current sources of liquidity, there may be opportunities from time to time to access liquidity through public offerings of debt and equity securities. We have sufficient sources of liquidity to meet our material cash commitments for the next 12 months and beyond. 
 Financing Strategy 
 We have a multi-pronged financing strategy that includes an up to 165 million secured revolving credit facility as of December 31, 2022, up to approximately 2.3 billion in secured revolving repurchase facilities, 1.2 billion in non-recourse securitization financing, 628.7 million in commercial mortgages and 27.9 million in other asset-level financing structures (refer to Bank Credit Facility section below for further discussion). In addition, we may use other forms of financing, including additional warehouse facilities, public and private secured and unsecured debt issuances and equity or equity-related securities issuances by us or our subsidiaries. We may also finance a portion of our investments through the syndication of one 

65 

Table of Contents 

 or more interests in a whole loan. We will seek to match the nature and duration of the financing with the underlying asset s cash flow, including using hedges, as appropriate. 
 Debt-to-Equity Ratio 
 The following table presents our debt-to-equity ratio: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Debt-to-equity ratio (1) 
 2.0x 2.0x 
 _________________________________________ 
 (1) Represents (i) total outstanding secured debt less cash and cash equivalents of 306.3 million and 259.7 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively to (ii) total equity, in each case, at period end. 
 Potential Sources of Liquidity 
 As discussed in greater detail above under Trends Affecting our Business, and Factors Impacting Our Operating Results overall market uncertainty coupled with rising inflation and interest rates have tempered the loan financing markets recently. A rising interest rate environment will result in increased interest expense on our variable rate debt that is not hedged and may result in disruptions to our borrowers and tenants ability to finance their activities, which would similarly adversely impact their ability to make their monthly mortgage payments and meet their loan obligations. Additionally, due to the current market conditions, warehouse lenders may take a more conservative stance by increasing funding costs, which may lead to margin calls. 
 Our primary sources of liquidity include borrowings available under our credit facilities, master repurchase facilities and monthly mortgage payments from our borrowers. 
 Bank Credit Facilities 
 We use bank credit facilities (including term loans and revolving facilities) to finance our business. These financings may be collateralized or non-collateralized and may involve one or more lenders. Credit facilities typically have maturities ranging from two to five years and may accrue interest at either fixed or floating rates. 
 On January 28, 2022, BrightSpire Capital Operating Company, LLC BrightSpire OP (together with certain subsidiaries of BrightSpire OP from time to time party thereto as borrowers, collectively, the Borrowers entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent ), and the several lenders from time to time party thereto (the Lenders ), pursuant to which the Lenders agreed to provide a revolving credit facility in the aggregate principal amount of up to 165.0 million, of which up to 25.0 million is available as letters of credit. Loans under the Credit Agreement may be advanced in U.S. dollars and certain foreign currencies, including euros, pounds sterling and Swiss francs. The Credit Agreement amended and restated BrightSpire OP s prior 300.0 million revolving credit facility that would have matured on February 1, 2022. 
 The Credit Agreement also includes an option for the Borrowers to increase the maximum available principal amount of up to 300.0 million, subject to one or more new or existing Lenders agreeing to provide such additional loan commitments and satisfaction of other customary conditions. 
 Advances under the Credit Agreement accrue interest at a per annum rate equal to, at the applicable Borrower s election, either (x) an adjusted SOFR rate plus a margin of 2.25 , or (y) a base rate equal to the highest of (i) the Wall Street Journal s prime rate, (ii) the federal funds rate plus 0.50 and (iii) the adjusted SOFR rate plus 1.00 , plus a margin of 1.25 . An unused commitment fee at a rate of 0.25 or 0.35 , per annum, depending on the amount of facility utilization, applies to un-utilized borrowing capacity under the Credit Agreement. Amounts owed under the Credit Agreement may be prepaid at any time without premium or penalty, subject to customary breakage costs in the case of borrowings with respect to which a SOFR rate election is in effect. 
 The maximum amount available for borrowing at any time under the Credit Agreement is limited to a borrowing base valuation of certain investment assets, with the valuation of such investment assets generally determined according to a percentage of adjusted net book value. As of date hereof, the borrowing base valuation is sufficient to permit borrowings of up to 165.0 million. If any borrowing is outstanding for more than 180 days after its initial draw, the borrowing base valuation will be reduced by 50 until all outstanding borrowings are repaid in full. The ability to borrow new amounts under the Credit Agreement terminates on January 31, 2026, at which time BrightSpire OP may, at its election and by written notice to the Administrative Agent, extend the termination date for two (2) additional terms of six (6) months each, subject to the terms and conditions in the Credit Agreement, resulting in a latest termination date of January 31, 2027. 

66 

Table of Contents 

 The obligations of the Borrowers under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed pursuant to a Guarantee and Collateral Agreement by substantially all material wholly owned subsidiaries of BrightSpire OP (the Guarantors in favor of the Administrative Agent (the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement and, subject to certain exceptions, secured by a pledge of substantially all equity interests owned by the Borrowers and the Guarantors, as well as by a security interest in deposit accounts of the Borrowers and the Guarantors in which the proceeds of investment asset distributions are maintained. 
 The Credit Agreement contains various affirmative and negative covenants, including, among other things, the obligation of the Company to maintain REIT status and be listed on the New York Stock Exchange, and limitations on debt, liens and restricted payments. In addition, the Credit Agreement includes the following financial covenants applicable to BrightSpire OP and its consolidated subsidiaries: (a) minimum consolidated tangible net worth of BrightSpire OP to be greater than or equal to the sum of (i) 1,112,000,000 and (ii) 70 of the net cash proceeds received by BrightSpire OP from any offering of its common equity after September 30, 2021 and of the net cash proceeds from any offering by the Company of its common equity to the extent such proceeds are contributed to BrightSpire OP, excluding any such proceeds that are contributed to BrightSpire OP within ninety (90) days of receipt and applied to acquire capital stock of BrightSpire OP; (b) BrightSpire OP s ratio of EBITDA plus lease expenses to fixed charges for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters to be not less than 1.50 to 1.00; (c) BrightSpire OP s minimum interest coverage ratio to be not less than 3.00 to 1.00; and (d) BrightSpire OP s ratio of consolidated total debt to consolidated total assets to be not more than 0.80 to 1.00. The Credit Agreement also includes customary events of default, including, among other things, failure to make payments when due, breach of covenants or representations, cross default to material indebtedness, material judgment defaults, bankruptcy matters involving any Borrower or any Guarantor and certain change of control events. The occurrence of an event of default will limit the ability of BrightSpire OP and its subsidiaries to make distributions and may result in the termination of the credit facility, acceleration of repayment obligations and the exercise of remedies by the Lenders with respect to the collateral. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all of our financial covenants under the Credit Agreement. 
 Master Repurchase Facilities 
 Currently, our primary source of financing is our Master Repurchase Facilities, which we use to finance the origination of senior loans. Repurchase agreements effectively allow us to borrow against loans that we own in an amount generally equal to (i) the market value of such loans multiplied by (ii) the applicable advance rate. Under these agreements, we sell our loans to a counterparty and agree to repurchase the same loans from the counterparty at a price equal to the original sales price plus an interest factor. During the term of a repurchase agreement, we receive the principal and interest on the related loans and pay interest to the lender under the master repurchase agreement. We intend to maintain formal relationships with multiple counterparties to obtain master repurchase financing of favorable terms. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we amended the below Master Repurchase Facilities as follows: 
 Increased the borrowing capacity of Bank 7 by 100 million and extended the maturity date to April 2025, with a one-year extension option; 
 Increased the borrowing capacity of Bank 9 by 100 million and extended the maturity date to June 2025, with two one-year extension options; 
 Extended the maturity date of Bank 3 to April 2025, with two one-year extension options, and replaced LIBOR with SOFR as the benchmark applicable to loans entered into prior to January 1, 2022; 
 Extended the maturity date of Bank 1 to July 2024, with three one-year extension options, and replaced LIBOR with SOFR as the benchmark applicable to loans entered into prior to January 1, 2022; and 
 Amended five individual facilities to reduce the minimum tangible net worth covenant requirement from 1.4 billion to 1.1 billion. 

67 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents a summary of our Master Repurchase and Bank Credit Facilities as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 
 Maximum Facility Size Current Borrowings Weighted Average Final Maturity (Years) Weighted Average Interest Rate (1) 
 Master Repurchase Facilities Bank 1 400,000 220,054 4.5 SOFR + 1.86 Bank 3 600,000 415,892 4.3 SOFR + 2.05 Bank 7 600,000 351,539 3.3 LIBOR/SOFR + 1.85 Bank 8 250,000 105,104 2.4 LIBOR/SOFR + 2.39 Bank 9 400,000 247,404 4.4 LIBOR/SOFR + 1.73 Total Master Repurchase Facilities 2,250,000 1,339,993 Bank Credit Facility 165,000 SOFR + 2.25 Total Facilities 2,415,000 1,339,993 _________________________________________ 
 (1) The Company utilized the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR for all deals beginning January 1, 2022. 
 
 The following table presents the quarterly average unpaid principal balance UPB ), end of period UPB and the maximum UPB at any month-end related to our Master Repurchase Facilities, Bank Credit Facility and CMBS Credit Facilities dollars in thousands): 
 Quarter Ended Quarterly Average UPB End of Period UPB Maximum UPB at Any Month-End December 31, 2022 1,436,829 1,339,993 1,434,901 September 30, 2022 1,510,616 1,533,664 1,537,511 June 30, 2022 1,343,678 1,487,567 1,503,297 March 31, 2022 1,052,455 1,199,789 1,199,789 December 31, 2021 731,792 905,122 905,122 September 30, 2021 780,625 558,461 622,961 June 30, 2021 895,356 1,002,789 1,002,789 March 31, 2021 661,573 787,923 787,923 
 The decrease in our end of period UPB from September 30, 2022 to December 31, 2022 was driven by payoffs of loans during the period. 
 Securitizations 
 We may seek to utilize non-recourse long-term securitizations of our investments in mortgage loans, especially loan originations, to the extent consistent with the maintenance of our REIT qualification and exclusion from the Investment Company Act in order to generate cash for funding new investments. This would involve conveying a pool of assets to a special purpose vehicle (or the issuing entity), which would issue one or more classes of non-recourse notes pursuant to the terms of an indenture. The notes would be secured by the pool of assets. In exchange for the transfer of assets to the issuing entity, we would receive the cash proceeds on the sale of non-recourse notes and a 100 interest in the equity of the issuing entity. The securitization of our portfolio investments might magnify our exposure to losses on those portfolio investments because any equity interest we retain in the issuing entity would be subordinate to the notes issued to investors and we would, therefore, absorb all of the losses sustained with respect to a securitized pool of assets before the owners of the notes experience any losses. 
 In October 2019, we executed a securitization transaction through our wholly-owned subsidiaries, CLNC 2019-FL1, Ltd. and CLNC 2019-FL1, LLC (collectively, CLNC 2019-FL1 ), which resulted in the sale of 840.4 million of investment grade notes. 
 On March 5, 2021, the Financial Conduct Authority of the U.K. (the FCA announced that LIBOR tenors relevant to CLNC 2019-FL1 would cease to be published or no longer be representative after June 30, 2023. The Alternative Reference Rates Committee (the ARRC interpreted this announcement to constitute a benchmark transition event. As of June 17, 2021, the 

68 

Table of Contents 

 benchmark index interest rate was converted from LIBOR to SOFR, plus a benchmark adjustment of 11.448 basis points with a lookback period equal to the number of calendar days in the applicable Interest Accrual Period plus two SOFR business days, conforming with the indenture agreement and recommendations from the ARRC. Compounded SOFR for any interest accrual period shall be the 30-Day Average SOFR as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on each benchmark determination date. 
 As of February 19, 2022, the benchmark index interest rate was converted from Compounded SOFR to Term SOFR, plus a benchmark adjustment of 11.448 basis points, pursuant to the indenture agreement. Term SOFR for any interest accrual period shall be the one-month CME Term SOFR reference rate as published by the CME Group benchmark administration on each benchmark determination date. 
 As of December 31, 2022, half of the CLNC 2019-FL1 mortgage assets are indexed to LIBOR and the borrowings under CLNC 2019-FL1 are indexed to Term SOFR, creating an underlying benchmark index rate basis difference between a portion of the CLNC 2019-FL1 assets and liabilities, which is meant to be mitigated by the benchmark replacement adjustment described above. We have the right to transition the CLNC 2019-FL1 mortgage assets to SOFR, eliminating the basis difference between CLNC 2019-FL1 assets and liabilities, and will make the determination taking into account the loan portfolio as a whole. The transition to SOFR is not expected to have a material impact to CLNC 2019-FL1 s assets and liabilities and related interest expense. 
 CLNC 2019-FL1 included a two-year reinvestment feature that allowed us to contribute existing or newly originated loan investments in exchange for proceeds from repayments or repurchases of loans held in CLNC 2019-FL1, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions set forth in the indenture. The reinvestment period for CLNC 2019-FL1 expired on October 19, 2021. During 2022 and through February 17, 2023, 10 loans held in CLNC 2019-FL1 were fully repaid, and three loans partially repaid totaling 368.0 million. During the fourth quarter of 2022, one loan investment held in CLNC 2019-FL1 was removed as a result of the loan becoming a credit risk collateral interest, totaling 59.9 million. We exchanged the credit risk collateral interest for substitute loan investments equal to the par principal balance of the credit risk collateral interest. The proceeds from the repayments were used to amortize the securitization bonds in accordance with the securitization priority of payments. As of February 17, 2023, the securitization advance rate was 74.0 at a weighted average cost of funds of Adjusted Term SOFR plus 1.86 (before transaction costs). 
 Additionally, CLNC 2019-FL1 contains note protection tests that can be triggered as a result of contributed loan defaults, losses, and certain other events outlined in the indenture, beyond established thresholds. A note protection test failure that is not remedied can result in the redirection of interest proceeds from the below investment grade tranches to amortize the most senior outstanding tranche. While we continue to closely monitor all loan investments contributed to CLNC 2019-FL1, a deterioration in the performance of an underlying loan could negatively impact our liquidity position. 
 In July 2021, we executed a securitization transaction through our subsidiaries BRSP 2021-FL1 Ltd. and BRSP 2021-FL1, LLC, which resulted in the sale of 670 million of investment grade notes. The securitization reflects an advance rate of 83.75 at a weighted cost of funds of LIBOR plus 1.49 (before transaction expenses) and is collateralized by a pool of 29 senior loan investments. 
 BRSP 2021-FL1 includes a two-year reinvestment feature that allows us to contribute existing or newly originated loan investments in exchange for proceeds from repayments or repurchases of loans held in BRSP 2021-FL1, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions set forth in the indenture. In addition to existing eligible loans available for reinvestment, the continued origination of securitization eligible loans is required to ensure that we reinvest the available proceeds within BRSP 2021-FL1. During 2022 and through February 17, 2023, 11 loans held in BRSP 2021-FL1 were fully repaid, totaling 204.6 million. We replaced the repaid loans by contributing existing loan investments of equal value. 
 Additionally, BRSP 2021-FL1 contains note protection tests that can be triggered as a result of contributed loan defaults, losses, and certain other events outlined in the indenture, beyond established thresholds. A note protection test failure that is not remedied can result in the redirection of interest proceeds from the below investment grade tranches to amortize the most senior outstanding tranche. We will continue to closely monitor all loan investments contributed to BRSP 2021-FL1, a deterioration in the performance of an underlying loan could negatively impact our liquidity position. 
 Other potential sources of financing 
 In the future, we may also use other sources of financing to fund the acquisition of our target assets, including secured and unsecured forms of borrowing and selective wind-down and dispositions of assets. We may also seek to raise equity capital or issue debt securities in order to fund our future investments. 

69 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity Needs 
 In addition to our loan origination activity and general operating expenses, our primary liquidity needs include interest and principal payments under our Bank Credit Facility, securitization bonds, and secured debt. Information concerning our contractual obligations and commitments to make future payments, including our commitments to repay borrowings, is included in the following table as of December 31, 2022. This table excludes our obligations that are not fixed and determinable (dollars in thousands): 
 Payments Due by Period Total Less than a Year 1-3 Years 3-5 Years More than 5 Years Bank credit facility (1) 
 1,657 413 825 419 Secured debt (2) 
 2,471,580 552,294 1,545,380 118,675 255,231 Securitization bonds payable (3) 
 1,211,042 533,250 677,792 Ground lease obligations (4) 
 27,575 3,110 4,361 3,828 16,276 Office leases 8,429 1,239 2,600 2,662 1,928 3,720,283 1,090,306 2,230,958 125,584 273,435 Lending commitments (5) 
 263,393 Total 3,983,676 
 _________________________________________ 
 (1) Future interest payments were estimated based on the applicable index at December 31, 2022 and unused commitment fee of 0.25 per annum, assuming principal is repaid on the current maturity date of January 2027. 
 (2) Amounts include minimum principal and interest obligations through the initial maturity date of the collateral assets. Interest on floating rate debt was determined based on the applicable index at December 31, 2022. 
 (3) The timing of future principal payments was estimated based on expected future cash flows of underlying collateral loans. Repayments are estimated to be earlier than contractual maturity only if proceeds from underlying loans are repaid by the borrowers. 
 (4) The amounts represent minimum future base rent commitments through initial expiration dates of the respective noncancellable operating ground leases, excluding any contingent rent payments. Rents paid under ground leases are recoverable from tenants. 
 (5) Future lending commitments may be subject to certain conditions that borrowers must meet to qualify for such fundings. Commitment amount assumes future fundings meet the terms to qualify for such fundings. 
 Share Repurchases 
 In May 2022, our board of directors authorized a stock repurchase program Stock Repurchase Program under which we may repurchase up to 100.0 million of our outstanding Class A common stock until April 30, 2023. Under the Stock Repurchase Program, we may repurchase shares in open market purchases, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. We have a written trading plan as part of the Share Repurchase Program that provides for share repurchases in open market transactions that is intended to comply with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act . The Stock Repurchase Program will be utilized at our discretion and in accordance with the requirements of the SEC. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors including price, corporate requirements and other conditions. 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2022, we repurchased 2.2 million shares of Class A common stock at a weighted average price of 8.40 per share for an aggregate cost of 18.3 million. Additionally, and separate from the Stock Repurchase Program, we redeemed the 3.1 million total outstanding membership units in the OP held by a third-party representing noncontrolling interests at a price of 8.25 per unit for a total cost of 25.4 million. 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, we did not make any share repurchases, and as of December 31, 2022, there was 81.7 million remaining available to make repurchases under the Stock Repurchase Plan. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 The following presents a summary of our consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, Cash flow provided by (used in): 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities 125,277 (21,270) 96,356 Investing activities 89,337 (555,789) 1,002,742 Financing activities (161,451) 384,356 (754,062) 
 Operating Activities 
 Cash inflows from operating activities are generated primarily through interest received from loans receivable and securities, and property operating income from our real estate portfolio. This is partially offset by payment of interest expenses for credit 

70 

Table of Contents 

 facilities and mortgages payable, and operating expenses supporting our various lines of business, including property management and operations, loan servicing and workout of loans in default, investment transaction costs, as well as general administrative costs. 
 Our operating activities provided net cash inflows of 125.3 million in year ended December 31, 2022. Our operating activities used net cash outflows of 21.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and provided net cash inflows of 96.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. Net cash provided by operating activities increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to higher income earned as a result of loan originations, higher interest rates and lower operating expenses following the Internalization on April 30, 2021. 
 We believe cash flows from operations, available cash balances and our ability to generate cash through short and long-term borrowings are sufficient to fund our operating liquidity needs. 
 Investing Activities 
 Investing activities include cash outlays for acquisition of real estate, disbursements on new and/or existing loans, and contributions to unconsolidated ventures, which are partially offset by repayments and sales of loan receivables, distributions of capital received from unconsolidated ventures, proceeds from sale of real estate, as well as proceeds from maturity or sale of securities. 
 Investing activities generated net cash inflows of 89.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Net cash provided by investing activities in 2022 resulted primarily from originations and future advances on our loans held for investment, net of 972.1 million partially offset by repayments on loans held for investment of 909.8 million, proceeds from sales of real estate of 55.6 million, proceeds from sales of investments in unconsolidated ventures of 38.1 million, proceeds from sales of beneficial interests of securitization trusts of 36.2 million and repayments of principal in mortgage loans held in securitization trusts of 18.7 million. 
 Investing activities used net cash outflows of 555.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net cash used in investing activities in 2021 resulted primarily from originations and future advances on our loans and preferred equity held for investment, net of 1.8 billion partially offset by repayments on loan and preferred equity held for investment of 485.4 million, proceeds from sales of real estate of 332.0 million, proceeds from the sale of investments in unconsolidated ventures of 198.4 million and repayments of principal in mortgage loans held in securitization trusts of 78.9 million. 
 Investing activities generated net cash inflows of 1.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2020. Net cash provided by investing activities in 2020 resulted primarily from proceeds from sales of real estate of 454.6 million, repayments on loan and preferred equity held for investment of 434.7 million, proceeds from sale of real estate securities, available for sale of 149.6 million, proceeds from sales of loans held for sale of 137.1 million and proceeds from sale of investments in unconsolidated ventures of 108.4 million partially offset by originations and future advances on our loans and preferred equity held for investment, net of 297.0 million, and contributions to investments in unconsolidated ventures of 48.9 million. 
 Financing Activities 
 We finance our investing activities largely through borrowings secured by our investments along with capital from third party or affiliated co-investors. We also have the ability to raise capital in the public markets through issuances of common stock, as well as draw upon our corporate credit facility, to finance our investing and operating activities. Accordingly, we incur cash outlays for payments on third party debt, dividends to our common stockholders and through May 27, 2022, on distributions to our noncontrolling interests. 
 Financing activities used net cash of 161.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which resulted primarily from borrowings from credit facilities of 771.5 million partially offset by repayment of securitization bonds of 337.7 million, repayment of credit facilities of 336.8 million, distributions paid on common stock of 100.5 million, repayment of mortgage notes of 85.2 million, redemption of OP units of 25.4 million, repayment of mortgage obligations issued by securitization trusts of 18.7 million and repurchase of common stock of 18.3 million. 
 Financing activities provided net cash of 384.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net cash provided by financing activities in 2021 resulted primarily from borrowings from credit facilities and securitization bonds in the amounts of 1.3 billion and of 670.0 million, respectively, partially offset by repayment of credit facilities of 955.3 million, repayment of mortgage notes of 266.6 million, distributions to noncontrolling interests in the amount of 255.5 million and repayment of mortgage obligations issued by securitization trusts of 78.9 million. 
 Financing activities used net cash of 754.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. Net cash used in financing activities in 2020 resulted primarily from repayment of credit facilities of 862.6 million, repayment of mortgage notes of 240.1 million, distributions paid on common stock and to noncontrolling interests of 52.6 million and distributions to noncontrolling interests 

71 

Table of Contents 

 of 31.3 million. This was partially offset by borrowings from credit facilities of 298.6 million, contributions to a COVID-19 related financing secured in June 2020 for balance sheet protective purposes managed by Goldman Sachs (the 5-Investment Preferred Financing of 200.0 million, and borrowings from mortgage notes of 18.6 million. 
 
 Underwriting, Asset and Risk Management 
 We closely monitor our portfolio and actively manage risks associated with, among other things, our assets and interest rates. Prior to investing in any particular asset, the underwriting team, in conjunction with third party providers, undertakes a rigorous asset-level due diligence process, involving intensive data collection and analysis, to ensure that we understand fully the state of the market and the risk-reward profile of the asset. Beginning in 2021, our investment and portfolio management and risk assessment practices diligence the environmental, social and governance ESG standards of our business counterparties, including borrowers, sponsors and that of our investment assets and underlying collateral, which may include sustainability initiatives, recycling, energy efficiency and water management, volunteer and charitable efforts, anti-money laundering and know-your-client policies, and diversity, equity and inclusion practices in workforce leadership, composition and hiring practices. Prior to making a final investment decision, we focus on portfolio diversification to determine whether a target asset will cause our portfolio to be too heavily concentrated with, or cause too much risk exposure to, any one borrower, real estate sector, geographic region, source of cash flow for payment or other geopolitical issues. If we determine that a proposed acquisition presents excessive concentration risk, it may determine not to acquire an otherwise attractive asset. 
 For each asset that we acquire, our asset management team engages in active management of the asset, the intensity of which depends on the attendant risks. The asset manager works collaboratively with the underwriting team to formulate a strategic plan for the particular asset, which includes evaluating the underlying collateral and updating valuation assumptions to reflect changes in the real estate market and the general economy. This plan also generally outlines several strategies for the asset to extract the maximum amount of value from each asset under a variety of market conditions. Such strategies may vary depending on the type of asset, the availability of refinancing options, recourse and maturity, but may include, among others, the restructuring of non-performing or sub-performing loans, the negotiation of discounted pay-offs or other modification of the terms governing a loan, and the foreclosure and management of assets underlying non-performing loans in order to reposition them for profitable disposition. We continuously track the progress of an asset against the original business plan to ensure that the attendant risks of continuing to own the asset do not outweigh the associated rewards. Under these circumstances, certain assets will require intensified asset management in order to achieve optimal value realization. 
 Our asset management team engages in a proactive and comprehensive on-going review of the credit quality of each asset it manages. In particular, for debt investments on at least an annual basis, the asset management team will evaluate the financial wherewithal of individual borrowers to meet contractual obligations as well as review the financial stability of the assets securing such debt investments. Further, there is ongoing review of borrower covenant compliance including the ability of borrowers to meet certain negotiated debt service coverage ratios and debt yield tests. For equity investments, the asset management team, with the assistance of third-party property managers, monitors and reviews key metrics such as occupancy, same store sales, tenant payment rates, property budgets and capital expenditures. If through this analysis of credit quality, the asset management team encounters declines in credit quality not in accord with the original business plan, the team evaluates the risks and determine what changes, if any, are required to the business plan to ensure that the attendant risks of continuing to hold the investment do not outweigh the associated rewards. 
 In addition, the audit committee of our Board of Directors, in consultation with management, periodically reviews our policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management, including key risks to which we are subject, including credit risk, liquidity risk and market risk, and the steps that management has taken to monitor and control such risks. 
 
 Inflation 
 Virtually all of our assets and liabilities are interest rate sensitive in nature. As a result, interest rates and other factors influence our performance significantly more than inflation does. A change in interest rates may correlate with the inflation rate. Substantially all of the leases at our multifamily properties allow for monthly or annual rent increases which provide us with the opportunity to achieve increases, where justified by the market, as each lease matures. Such types of leases generally minimize the risks of inflation on our multifamily properties. 
 Refer to Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk for additional details. 

72 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires the use of estimates and assumptions that involve the exercise of judgment and that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. 
 Certain accounting policies are considered to be critical accounting policies. Critical accounting policies are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require subjective and complex judgments, and for which the impact of changes in estimates and assumptions could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 During 2022, we reviewed and evaluated our critical accounting policies and estimates and we believe they are appropriate. The following is a summary of our credit losses policy, which we believe is the most affected by our judgments, estimates, and assumptions. 
 Credit Losses 
 The current expected credit loss CECL reserve for our financial instruments carried at amortized cost and off-balance sheet credit exposures, such as loans, loan commitments and trade receivables, represents a lifetime estimate of expected credit losses. Factors considered by us when determining the CECL reserve include loan-specific characteristics such as loan-to-value LTV ratio, vintage year, loan term, property type, occupancy and geographic location, financial performance of the borrower, expected payments of principal and interest, as well as internal or external information relating to past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. 
 The general CECL reserve is measured on a collective (pool) basis when similar risk characteristics exist for multiple financial instruments. If similar risk characteristics do not exist, we measure the CECL reserve on an individual instrument basis. The determination of whether a particular financial instrument should be included in a pool can change over time. If a financial asset s risk characteristics change, we evaluate whether it is appropriate to continue to keep the financial instrument in its existing pool or evaluate it individually. 
 In measuring the general CECL reserve for financial instruments that share similar risk characteristics, we primarily apply a probability of default PD )/loss given default LGD model for instruments that are collectively assessed, whereby the CECL reserve is calculated as the product of PD, LGD and exposure at default EAD ). Our model principally utilizes historical loss rates derived from a commercial mortgage-backed securities database with historical losses from 1998 through December 2022 provided by a third party, Trepp LLC, forecasting the loss parameters using a scenario-based statistical approach over a reasonable and supportable forecast period of twelve months, followed by a straight-line reversion period of twelve-months back to average historical losses. 
 For determining a specific CECL reserve, financial instruments are assessed outside of the PD/LGD model on an individual basis. This occurs when it is probable that we will be unable to collect the full payment of principal and interest on the instrument. We apply a discounted cash flow DCF methodology for financial instruments where the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty based on our assessment at the reporting date, and the repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral. Additionally, we may elect to use as a practical expedient to determine the fair value of the collateral at the reporting date when determining the specific CECL reserve. 
 In developing the CECL reserve for our loans and preferred equity held for investment, we consider the risk ranking of each loan and preferred equity as a key credit quality indicator. The risk rankings are based on a variety of factors, including, without limitation, underlying real estate performance and asset value, values of comparable properties, durability and quality of property cash flows, sponsor experience and financial wherewithal, and the existence of a risk-mitigating loan structure. Additional key considerations include loan-to-value ratios, debt service coverage ratios, loan structure, real estate and credit market dynamics, and risk of default or principal loss. Based on a five-point scale, our loans and preferred equity held for investment are rated 1 through 5, from less risk to greater risk, and the ratings are updated quarterly. At the time of origination or purchase, loans and preferred equity held for investment are ranked as a 3 and will move accordingly going forward based on the ratings which are defined as follows: 
 1. Very Low Risk-The loan is performing as agreed. The underlying property performance has exceeded underwritten expectations with very strong NOI, debt service coverage ratio, debt yield and occupancy metrics. Sponsor is investment grade, very well capitalized, and employs a very experienced management team. 
 2. Low Risk-The loan is performing as agreed. The underlying property performance has met or exceeds underwritten expectations with high occupancy at market rents, resulting in consistent cash flow to service the debt. Strong sponsor that is well capitalized with an experienced management team. 

73 

Table of Contents 

 3. Average Risk-The loan is performing as agreed. The underlying property performance is consistent with underwriting expectations. The property generates adequate cash flow to service the debt, and/or there is enough reserve or loan structure to provide time for sponsor to execute the business plan. Sponsor has routinely met its obligations and has experience owning/operating similar real estate. 
 4. High Risk/Delinquent/Potential for Loss-The loan is in excess of 30 days delinquent and/or has a risk of a principal loss. The underlying property performance is behind underwritten expectations. Loan covenants may require occasional waivers/modifications. Sponsor has been unable to execute its business plan and local market fundamentals have deteriorated. Operating cash flow is not sufficient to service the debt and debt service payments may be coming from sponsor equity/loan reserves. 
 5. Impaired/Defaulted/Loss Likely-The loan is in default or a default is imminent, and has a high risk of a principal loss, or has incurred a principal loss. The underlying property performance is significantly worse than underwritten expectation and sponsor has failed to execute its business plan. The property has significant vacancy and current cash flow does not support debt service. Local market fundamentals have significantly deteriorated resulting in depressed comparable property valuations versus underwriting. 
 We also consider qualitative and environmental factors, including, but not limited to, economic and business conditions, nature and volume of the loan portfolio, lending terms, volume and severity of past due loans, concentration of credit and changes in the level of such concentrations in its determination of the CECL reserve. 
 We have elected to not measure a CECL reserve for accrued interest receivable as it is reversed against interest income when a loan or preferred equity investment is placed on nonaccrual status. Loans and preferred equity investments are charged off when all or a portion of the principal amount is determined to be uncollectible. 
 Changes in the CECL reserve for our financial instruments are recorded in increase/decrease in current expected credit loss reserve on the consolidated statements of operations with a corresponding offset to the loans and preferred equity held for investment or as a component of other liabilities for future loan fundings recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 The CECL accounting estimate is subject to uncertainty from quarter to quarter as our loan portfolio changes and market and economic conditions evolve. The sensitivity of each assumption and its impact on the CECL reserve may change over time and from period to period. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Our primary market risks are interest rate risk, prepayment risk, extension risk, credit risk, real estate market risk, capital market risk and foreign currency risk, either directly through the assets held or indirectly through investments in unconsolidated ventures. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rate risk relates to the risk that the future cash flow of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. Interest rate risk is highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental, monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations, international conflicts, inflation and other factors beyond our control. Credit curve spread risk is highly sensitive to the dynamics of the markets for loans and securities we hold. Excessive supply of these assets combined with reduced demand will cause the market to require a higher yield. This demand for higher yield will cause the market to use a higher spread over the U.S. Treasury securities yield curve, or other benchmark interest rates, to value these assets. 
 As U.S. Treasury securities are priced to a higher yield and/or the spread to U.S. Treasuries used to price the assets increases, the price at which we could sell some of our fixed rate financial assets may decline. Conversely, as U.S. Treasury securities are priced to a lower yield and/or the spread to U.S. Treasuries used to price the assets decreases, the value of our fixed rate financial assets may increase. Fluctuations in LIBOR and SOFR may affect the amount of interest income we earn on our floating rate borrowings and interest expense we incur on borrowings indexed to LIBOR and SOFR, including under credit facilities and investment-level financing. 
 We utilize a variety of financial instruments on some of our investments, including interest rate swaps, caps, floors and other interest rate exchange contracts, in order to limit the effects of fluctuations in interest rates on their operations. The use of these types of derivatives to hedge interest-earning assets and/or interest-bearing liabilities carries certain risks, including the risk that losses on a hedge position will reduce the funds available for distribution and that such losses may exceed the amount invested in such instruments. A hedge may not perform its intended purpose of offsetting losses of rising interest rates. Moreover, with respect to certain of the instruments used as hedges, there is exposure to the risk that the counterparties may cease making 

74 

Table of Contents 

 markets and quoting prices in such instruments, which may inhibit the ability to enter into an offsetting transaction with respect to an open position. Our profitability may be adversely affected during any period as a result of changing interest rates. 
 As of December 31, 2022, a hypothetical 100 basis point increase or decrease in the applicable interest rate benchmark on our loan portfolio would increase or decrease interest income by 8.5 million annually, net of interest expense. 
 See the Factors Impacting Our Operating Results section in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for further discussion on interest rates. 
 Prepayment risk 
 Prepayment risk is the risk that principal will be repaid at a different rate than anticipated, resulting in a less than expected return on an investment. As prepayments of principal are received, any premiums paid on such assets are amortized against interest income, while any discounts on such assets are accreted into interest income. Therefore, an increase in prepayment rates has the following impact: (i) accelerates amortization of purchase premiums, which reduces interest income earned on the assets; and conversely, (ii) accelerates accretion of purchase discounts, which increases interest income earned on the assets. 
 Extension risk 
 The weighted average life of assets is projected based on assumptions regarding the rate at which borrowers will prepay or extend their mortgages. If prepayment rates decrease or extension options are exercised by borrowers at a rate that deviates significantly from projections, the life of fixed rate assets could extend beyond the term of the secured debt agreements. This in turn could negatively impact liquidity to the extent that assets may have to be sold and losses may be incurred as a result. 
 Credit risk 
 Investment in loans held for investment is subject to a high degree of credit risk through exposure to loss from loan defaults. Default rates are subject to a wide variety of factors, including, but not limited to, borrower financial condition, property performance, property management, supply/demand factors, construction trends, consumer behavior, regional economics, interest rates, the strength of the U.S. economy and other factors beyond our control, all of which have and may continue to be detrimentally impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. All loans are subject to a certain probability of default. We manage credit risk through the underwriting process, acquiring investments at the appropriate discount to face value, if any, and establishing loss assumptions. Performance of the loans is carefully monitored, including those held through joint venture investments, as well as external factors that may affect their value. 
 We are also subject to the credit risk of the tenants in our properties, including business closures, occupancy levels, meeting rent or other expense obligations, lease concessions, and ESG standards and practices among other factors, all of which have and may continue to be detrimentally impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. We seek to undertake a rigorous credit evaluation of the tenants prior to acquiring properties. This analysis includes an extensive due diligence investigation of the tenants businesses, as well as an assessment of the strategic importance of the underlying real estate to the respective tenants core business operations. Where appropriate, we may seek to augment the tenants commitment to the properties by structuring various credit enhancement mechanisms into the underlying leases. These mechanisms could include security deposit requirements or guarantees from entities that are deemed credit worthy. 
 We are working closely with our borrowers and tenants to address any impact of COVID-19 on their businesses. Our in-depth understanding of CRE and real estate-related investments, and in-house underwriting, asset management and resolution capabilities, provides us and management with a sophisticated full-service platform to regularly evaluate our investments and determine primary, secondary or alternative strategies to manage the credit risks described above. This includes intermediate servicing and complex and creative negotiating, restructuring of non-performing investments, foreclosure considerations, intense management or development of owned real estate, in each case to manage the risks faced to achieve value realization events in our interests and our stockholders. Solutions considered may include defensive loan or lease modifications, temporary interest or rent deferrals or forbearances, converting current interest payment obligations to payment-in-kind, repurposing reserves and/or covenant waivers. Depending on the nature of the underlying investment and credit risk, we may pursue repositioning strategies through judicious capital investment in order to extract value from the investment or limit losses. 
 There can be no assurance that the measures taken will be sufficient to address the negative impact the ongoing effects of COVID-19 may have on our future operating results, liquidity and financial condition. 
 Real estate market risk 
 We are exposed to the risks generally associated with the commercial real estate market. The market values of commercial real estate are subject to volatility and may be affected adversely by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, national, regional, and local economic conditions, as well as changes or weakness in specific industry segments, and other 

75 

Table of Contents 

 macroeconomic factors beyond our control, including the COVID-19 pandemic, which have and may continue to affect occupancy rates, capitalization rates and absorption rates. This in turn could impact the performance of tenants and borrowers. We seek to manage these risks through our underwriting due diligence and asset management processes and the solutions-oriented process described above. 
 Capital markets risk 
 We are exposed to risks related to the debt capital markets, specifically the ability to finance our business through borrowings under secured revolving repurchase facilities, secured and unsecured warehouse facilities or other debt instruments. We seek to mitigate these risks by monitoring the debt capital markets to inform our decisions on the amount, timing and terms of our borrowings. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had a direct and volatile impact on the global markets, including the commercial real estate equity and debt capital markets. The continued disruption caused by COVID-19 has led to a negative impact on asset valuations and significant constraints on liquidity in the capital markets, which have led to restrictions on lending activity, downward pressure on covenant compliance and requirements to post margin or repayments under master repurchase financing arrangements. Our Master Repurchase Facilities are partial recourse, and margin call provisions do not permit valuation adjustments based on capital markets events; rather they are limited to collateral-specific credit marks generally determined on a commercially reasonable basis. For the year ended December 31, 2022, and through February 17, 2023, we have not received any margin calls under our Master Repurchase Facilities. 
 We have amended our Bank Credit Facility and Master Repurchase Facilities to adjust certain covenants (such as the tangible net worth covenant), reduce advance rates on certain financed assets, obtain margin call holidays and permitted modification flexibilities, in an effort to mitigate the risk of future compliance issues, including margin calls, under our financing arrangements. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 We have foreign currency rate exposures related to our foreign currency-denominated investments held by our foreign subsidiaries. Changes in foreign currency rates can adversely affect the fair values and earning of our non-U.S. holdings. We generally mitigate this foreign currency risk by utilizing currency instruments to hedge our net investments in our foreign subsidiaries. The type of hedging instruments that we employ on our foreign subsidiary investments are put options. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had approximately NOK 602.5 million or a total of 61.2 million, in net investments in our European subsidiaries. A 1.0 change in the foreign currency rate would result in a 0.6 million increase or decrease in translation gain or loss included in other comprehensive income in connection with our European subsidiary. 
 A summary of the foreign exchange contracts in place at December 31, 2022, including notional amount and key terms, is included in Note 14, Derivatives, to Part IV, Item 15, Exhibits and Financial Statements Schedules. The maturity dates of these instruments approximate the projected dates of related cash flows for specific investments. Termination or maturity of currency hedging instruments may result in an obligation for payment to or from the counterparty to the hedging agreement. We are exposed to credit loss in the event of non-performance by counterparties for these contracts. To manage this risk, we select major international banks and financial institutions as counterparties and perform a quarterly review of the financial health and stability of our trading counterparties. Based on our review at December 31, 2022, we do not expect any counterparty to default on its obligations. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements 
 The financial statements and the supplementary financial data required by this item appear in Item 6 and Item 15 of this Annual Report. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

76 

Table of Contents 

 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, our management carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at providing reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. 
 Management Report or Attestation Report Regarding Internal Control 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, we evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria set forth in the Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) (2013 framework). Our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to management and our Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 Ernst Young LLP, our independent registered accounting firm, has audited our financial statements included in this Annual Report and has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, which is included in this Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

77 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of BrightSpire Capital, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited BrightSpire Capital, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, BrightSpire Capital, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedules listed in the Index at Item 15(a) and our report dated February 21, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 New York, New York 
 February 21, 2023 

78 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9B. Other Information 
 Recent Developments 
 Effective February 21, 2023, the Board of Directors adopted the Fifth Amended and Restated Bylaws to reflect certain procedural requirements related to the SEC s recently adopted universal proxy rules, as well as certain technical, conforming and clarifying changes in connection therewith. In particular , the Fifth Amended and Restated Bylaws provide that, among other things, with respect to stockholder nominees to the Company s Board of Directors, (i) no stockholder or associated person may solicit proxies in support of any nominee(s) unless such stockholder complies with Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act, in connection with the solicitation of such proxies, (ii) the scope of disclosures required by a proposing stockholder seeking to submit a director nomination have been expanded to include a representation as to whether the stockholder or any associated person intends to solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than individuals nominated by the Board of Directors in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act, (iii) stockholders are not entitled to submit more nominees than the number of directors to be elected and may not submit additional or substitute nominees after the nomination deadline and (iv) certain other updated procedures and information requirements that apply to stockholder nominations of directors. 
 The foregoing summary description of the Fifth Amended and Restated Bylaws does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Fifth Amended and Restated Bylaws, a copy of which is included as Exhibit 3.2 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference . 
 MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
 The following is a discussion of certain material U.S. federal income tax considerations relating to our qualification and taxation as a REIT and the acquisition, holding, and disposition of our Class A common stock (for purposes of this section only stock ). As used in this section, references to the terms Company, we, our, and us mean only BrightSpire Capital, Inc. and not its subsidiaries or other lower-tier entities, except as otherwise indicated. This summary is based upon the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), the regulations promulgated by the U.S. Treasury Department Treasury Regulations ), rulings and other administrative interpretations and practices of the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS (including administrative interpretations and practices expressed in private letter rulings which are binding on the IRS only with respect to the particular taxpayers who requested and received those rulings), and judicial decisions, all as currently in effect, and all of which are subject to differing interpretations or to change, possibly with retroactive effect. No assurance can be given that the IRS would not assert, or that a court would not sustain, a position contrary to any of the tax consequences described below. BrightSpire Capital Operating Company, LLC (the Operating Partnership has not sought and will not seek an advance ruling from the IRS regarding any matter discussed in this section. The summary is also based upon the assumption that we have operated and will operate the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries and affiliated entities in accordance with their applicable organizational documents and various statements made in that section as to our intended method of operation. This summary is for general information only, and does not purport to discuss all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be important to a particular investor in light of its investment or tax circumstances, or to investors subject to special tax rules, including: 
 insurance companies; 
 tax-exempt organizations (except to the extent discussed in Considerations Relating to BrightSpire Capital, Inc. s Class A Common Stock Taxation of Holders of Class A Common Stock Taxation of Tax-Exempt Holders below); 
 financial institutions or broker-dealers; 
 non-U.S. individuals and non-U.S. corporations (except to the extent discussed in Considerations Relating to BrightSpire Capital, Inc. s Class A Common Stock Taxation of Holders of Class A Common Stock Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders below); 
 U.S. expatriates; 
 persons who mark-to-market our stock; 
 subchapter S corporations; 
 U.S. holders, as defined below, whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar; 
 regulated investment companies; 
 REITs; 

79 

Table of Contents 

 trusts and estates; 
 holders who receive our stock through the exercise of employee stock options or otherwise as compensation; 
 persons holding our stock as part of a straddle, hedge, conversion transaction, synthetic security or other integrated investment; 
 persons subject to the alternative minimum tax provisions of the Code; 
 persons holding our stock through a partnership or similar pass-through entity or arrangement; and 
 persons holding a 10 or more (by vote or value) beneficial interest in our stock. 
 This summary assumes that holders hold shares of our stock as capital assets for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which generally means property held for investment. 
 The statements in this section are based on the current U.S. federal income tax laws, are for general information purposes only and are not tax advice. We cannot assure you that new laws, interpretations of law or court decisions, any of which may take effect retroactively, will not cause any statement in this section to be inaccurate. 
 THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX TREATMENT OF US AS A REIT AND OF YOU AS A HOLDER OF OUR STOCK DEPENDS IN SOME INSTANCES ON DETERMINATIONS OF FACT AND INTERPRETATIONS OF COMPLEX PROVISIONS OF U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAW FOR WHICH NO CLEAR PRECEDENT OR AUTHORITY MAY BE AVAILABLE. IN ADDITION, THE TAX CONSEQUENCES TO ANY PARTICULAR HOLDER OF OUR STOCK WILL DEPEND ON SUCH HOLDER S PARTICULAR TAX CIRCUMSTANCES. 
 YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR TAX ADVISOR REGARDING THE SPECIFIC TAX CONSEQUENCES TO YOU OF THE OWNERSHIP AND SALE OF OUR STOCK AND OF ITS INTENDED ELECTION TO BE TAXED AS A REIT. SPECIFICALLY, YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR TAX ADVISOR REGARDING THE FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. AND OTHER TAX CONSEQUENCES OF SUCH OWNERSHIP, SALE AND ELECTION, AND REGARDING POTENTIAL CHANGES IN APPLICABLE TAX LAWS. 
 U.S. Holders and Non-U.S. Holders 
 For purposes of this discussion, a U.S. holder is a beneficial holder of stock who is: 
 a citizen or resident of the United States; 
 a corporation (including an entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized in or under the laws of the U.S. or a political subdivision thereof or the District of Columbia; 
 an estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or 
 a trust if (1) a U.S. court is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of such trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or (2) it has a valid election in place to be treated as a U.S. person. 
 For purposes of this discussion, a non-U.S. holder is a beneficial holder of stock who is neither a partnership (including an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) nor a U.S. holder. 
 If an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds stock, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner generally will depend upon the status of the partner as a U.S. holder or non-U.S. holder and the activities of the partnership. A partner of a partnership holding stock should consult its own tax advisor regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences to the partner of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of stock by the partnership. 
 CONSIDERATIONS RELATING TO OUR CLASS A COMMON STOCK 
 Taxation of BrightSpire Capital, Inc. 
 We elected to be taxed as a REIT under the U.S. federal income tax laws commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2018. We believe that we are organized and have operated, and we intend to continue to operate, in a manner so as to qualify for taxation as a REIT under the Code. This section discusses the laws governing the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a REIT and its holders. These laws are highly technical and complex. 
 Qualification and taxation as a REIT depends on our ability to meet on a continuing basis, through actual operating results, distribution levels, and diversity of ownership by holders of our securities and asset ownership, and various other qualification 

80 

Table of Contents 

 requirements imposed upon REITs by the Code. In addition, our ability to qualify as a REIT may depend in part upon the operating results, organizational structure and entity classification for U.S. federal income tax purposes of certain entities or arrangements in which we invest. Our ability to qualify as a REIT also requires that we satisfy certain asset tests, some of which depend upon the fair market values of assets that we own directly or indirectly. Such values may not be susceptible to a precise determination, whether for past, current, or future periods, and based upon the types of assets that we own and intend to own, such values can vary rapidly, significantly and unpredictably. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the actual results of our operations for any taxable year will satisfy such requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT. Similarly, the income we earn from our assets may not be earned when or in the proportions anticipated. For example, we may encounter situations in which a relatively small investment generates a higher than expected return in a particular year (or vice versa). A discussion of the tax consequences of the failure to qualify as a REIT and certain alternatives is included below in the section entitled Failure to Qualify. 
 As indicated above, our qualification and taxation as a REIT depends upon our ability to meet, on a continuing basis, various qualification requirements imposed upon REITs by the Code. The material qualification requirements are summarized below under Requirements for Qualification. While we intend to operate so that we qualify as a REIT, no assurance can be given that the IRS will not challenge our qualification, or that we have been or will be able to operate in accordance with the REIT requirements in the future. See Requirements for Qualification-Failure to Qualify. 
 Taxation of REITs in General 
 Provided that we qualify as a REIT, we will be entitled at the REIT level to a deduction from our taxable income for dividends that we pay and, therefore, will not be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax at the REIT level on our taxable income that is currently distributed to holders of our securities. This treatment substantially eliminates the double taxation at the corporate and holder levels that generally results from an investment in a non-REIT C corporation. A non-REIT C corporation is a corporation that generally is required to pay tax at the corporate level. Double taxation means taxation once at the corporate level when income is earned and once again at the holder level when the income is distributed. In general, the income that we generate is taxed only at the holder level upon a distribution of dividends to our holders. 
 U.S. holders generally will be subject to taxation on dividends distributed by us (other than designated capital gain dividends and qualified dividend income at rates applicable to ordinary income, instead of at lower capital gain rates. For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, generally, U.S. holders that are individuals, trusts or estates may deduct 20 of the aggregate amount of ordinary dividends distributed by us, subject to certain limitations. Capital gain dividends and qualified dividend income will continue to be subject to a maximum 20 rate. See Taxation of Holders of Class A Common Stock Taxation of Taxable U.S. Holders Taxation of U.S. Holders on Distributions of Our Stock. 
 Any net operating losses, foreign tax credits and other tax attributes of a REIT generally do not pass through to holders, subject to special rules for certain items such as the capital gains that we recognize. See Taxation of Holders of Class A Common Stock Taxation of Taxable U.S. Holders. 
 Even if the Company qualifies for taxation as a REIT, the Company will be subject to U.S. federal tax in the following circumstances: 
 the Company will pay U.S. federal income tax on any taxable income, including net capital gain, that we do not distribute to holders during, or within a specified time period after, the calendar year in which the income is earned. 
 the Company will pay income tax at the highest corporate rate on: 
 net income from the sale or other disposition of property acquired through foreclosure, or foreclosure property, that we hold primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business; and 
 other non-qualifying income from foreclosure property. 
 the Company will pay a 100 tax on net income earned from sales or other dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, by an entity other than a taxable REIT subsidiary, or a TRS, if such property is held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. 
 if the Company fails to satisfy one or both of the 75 gross income test or the 95 gross income test, as described below in the section entitled Requirements for Qualification-Gross Income Tests, and nonetheless continues to qualify as a REIT because we meet other requirements, we will pay a 100 tax on: the greater of the amount by which we fail the 75 gross income test or the 95 gross income test, multiplied, in either case, by 
 a fraction intended to reflect its profitability. 

81 

Table of Contents 

 if the Company fails any of the asset tests (other than a de minimis failure of the 5 asset test or the 10 vote or value test, as described below in the section entitled Requirements for Qualification-Asset Tests ), as long as the failure was due to reasonable cause and not to willful neglect, we file a description of each asset that caused such failure with the IRS, and we dispose of the assets or otherwise comply with the asset tests within six months after the last day of the quarter in which we identify such failure, we will pay a tax equal to the greater of 50,000 or the highest U.S. federal income tax rate then applicable to U.S. corporations (currently 21 on the net income from the non-qualifying assets during the period in which we failed to satisfy the asset tests in order to remain qualified as a REIT. 
 if the Company fails to satisfy one or more requirements for REIT qualification, other than the gross income tests and the asset tests, and such failure is due to reasonable cause and not to willful neglect, we will be required to pay a penalty of 50,000 for each such failure in order to remain qualified as a REIT. 
 if the Company fails to distribute during a calendar year at least the sum of: (i) 85 of its REIT ordinary income for the year; (ii) 95 of its REIT capital gain net income for the year; and (iii) any undistributed taxable income required to be distributed from earlier periods, we will pay a 4 nondeductible excise tax on the excess of the required distribution over the amount it actually distributed, plus any retained amounts on which income tax has been paid at the corporate level. 
 the Company may elect to retain and pay income tax on our net long-term capital gain. In that case, to the extent that we made a timely designation of such gain, a U.S. holder would be taxed on its proportionate share of our undistributed long-term capital gain and would receive a credit or refund for its proportionate share of the tax we paid. 
 the Company will be subject to a 100 excise tax on transactions with a TRS that are not conducted on an arm s-length basis. 
 if the Company acquires any asset from a non-REIT C corporation in a merger or other transaction in which we acquire a basis in the asset that is determined by reference either to the non-REIT C corporation s basis in the asset or to another asset, we will pay tax at the highest regular corporate rate applicable if we recognize a gain on the sale or disposition of the asset during the five-year period after we acquire the asset, provided no election is made for the transaction to be taxable on a current basis. This tax will generally apply to gain recognized with respect to assets that we hold as of the effective date of our REIT election if such gain is recognized during the five-year period following such effective date or it may apply if we were to engage in (or, potentially, become a successor to an entity that had engaged in) a tax-free spin-off transaction under Section 355 of the Code within five years of such effective date. The amount of gain on which we would pay tax in the foregoing circumstances is the lesser of: 
 the amount of gain that the Company recognizes at the time of the sale or disposition (or would have recognized if, at the time of a spin-off transaction described above, we had disposed of the applicable asset); and 
 the amount of gain that the Company would have recognized if we had sold the asset at the time we acquired it, assuming that the non-REIT C corporation will not elect in lieu of this treatment an immediate tax when the asset is acquired. 
 the Company may be required to pay monetary penalties to the IRS in certain circumstances, including if we fail to meet recordkeeping requirements intended to monitor our compliance with rules relating to the composition of a REIT s holders, as described below in the section entitled Requirements for Qualification-Recordkeeping Requirements. 
 the earnings of the Company s lower-tier entities that are subchapter C corporations, excluding any qualified REIT subsidiaries, or QRSs, but including domestic TRSs, are subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax. 
 if the Company owns a residual interest in a real estate mortgage investment conduit, or a REMIC, we will be taxable at the highest corporate rate on the portion of any excess inclusion income that it derives from the REMIC residual interests equal to the percentage of our stock that is held in record name by disqualified organizations. Although the law is unclear, IRS guidance indicates that similar rules may apply to a REIT that owns an equity interest in a taxable mortgage pool. To the extent that we own a REMIC residual interest or a taxable mortgage pool through a TRS, we will not be subject to this tax. For a discussion of excess inclusion income, refer below to the section entitled Requirements for Qualification Taxable Mortgage Pools. A disqualified organization includes: 
 the United States; 
 any state or political subdivision of the United States; 

82 

Table of Contents 

 any foreign government; 
 any international organization; 
 any agency or instrumentality of any of the foregoing; 
 any other tax-exempt organization, other than a farmer s cooperative described in Section 521 of the Code, that is exempt both from income taxation and from taxation under the unrelated business taxable income provisions of the Code; and 
 any rural electrical or telephone cooperative. 
 In addition, the Company and its subsidiaries may be subject to a variety of taxes, including payroll taxes and state, local and non-U.S. income, property and other taxes on its assets and operations. The Company could also be subject to tax in situations and on transactions not presently contemplated. Moreover, as described further below, the Company s TRSs will be subject to U.S. federal, state and local corporate income tax on their taxable income. 
 Requirements for Qualification 
 A REIT is a corporation, trust or association that meets each of the following requirements: 
 1. It is managed by one or more trustees or directors. 
 2. Its beneficial ownership is evidenced by transferable shares or by transferable certificates of beneficial interest. 
 3. It would be taxable as a domestic corporation but for the REIT provisions of the U.S. federal income tax laws. 
 4. It is neither a financial institution nor an insurance company subject to special provisions of the U.S. federal income tax laws. 
 5. At least 100 persons are beneficial owners of its shares or ownership certificates. 
 6. Not more than 50 in value of its outstanding shares or ownership certificates is owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals, which the Code defines to include certain entities, during the last half of any taxable year. 
 7. It elects to be a REIT, or has made such election for a previous taxable year, and satisfies all relevant filing and other administrative requirements established by the IRS that must be met to elect and maintain REIT status. 
 8. It meets certain other qualification tests, described below, regarding the nature of its income and assets and the amount of its distributions to holders. 
 9. It uses a calendar year for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 The Company must meet requirements 1 through 4, 8 and 9 during its entire taxable year and must meet requirement 5 during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months, or during a proportionate part of a taxable year of less than 12 months. Requirements 5 and 6 began applying to the Company with its 2019 taxable year. If the Company complies with all the requirements for ascertaining the ownership of its outstanding shares in a taxable year and has no reason to know that it violated requirement 6, it will be deemed to have satisfied requirement 6 for that taxable year. For purposes of determining share ownership under requirement 6, an individual generally includes a supplemental unemployment compensation benefits plan, a private foundation or a portion of a trust permanently set aside or used exclusively for charitable purposes. An individual, however, generally does not include a trust that is a qualified employee pension or profit-sharing trust under the U.S. federal income tax laws, and beneficiaries of such a trust will be treated as holding our stock in proportion to their actuarial interests in the trust for purposes of requirement 6. The Company expects to issue sufficient stock with sufficient diversity of ownership to satisfy requirements 5 and 6. In addition, the Company s charter restricts the ownership and transfer of our stock so that it should continue to satisfy these requirements. To monitor compliance with the stock ownership requirements, we are generally required to maintain records regarding the actual ownership of our stock. To do so, we must demand written statements each year from the record holders of significant percentages of our stock pursuant to which the record holders must disclose the actual owners of the stock (i.e., the persons required to include in gross income the dividends paid by us). We must maintain a list of those persons failing or refusing to comply with this demand as part of our records. We could be subject to monetary penalties if we fail to comply with these record-keeping requirements. A holder that fails or refuses to comply with the demand is required by Treasury Regulations to submit a statement with its tax return disclosing the actual ownership of our stock and other information. For purposes of requirement 9, we have adopted December 31 as our year end, and thereby satisfy this requirement. 

83 

Table of Contents 

 Relief from Violations; Reasonable Cause 
 The Code provides relief from violations of the REIT gross income requirements, as described below under Requirements for Qualification Gross Income Tests, in cases where a violation is due to reasonable cause and not to willful neglect, and other requirements are met, including the payment of a penalty tax that is based upon the magnitude of the violation. In addition, certain Code provisions extend similar relief in the case of certain violations of the REIT asset requirements (see Requirements for Qualification Asset Tests below) and other REIT requirements, again provided that the violation is due to reasonable cause and not willful neglect, and other conditions are met, including the payment of a penalty tax. If we did not have reasonable cause for a failure, we would fail to qualify as a REIT. Whether we would have reasonable cause for any such failure cannot be known with certainty because the determination of whether reasonable cause exists depends on the facts and circumstances at the time and we cannot provide any assurance that we in fact would have reasonable cause for a particular failure or that the IRS would not successfully challenge our view that a failure was due to reasonable cause. Moreover, we may be unable to actually rectify a failure and restore asset test compliance within the required timeframe due to the inability to transfer or otherwise dispose of assets, including as a result of restrictions on transfer imposed by our lenders or undertakings with our co-investors and/or the inability to acquire additional qualifying assets due to transaction risks, access to additional capital or other considerations. If we fail to satisfy any of the various REIT requirements, there can be no assurance that these relief provisions would be available to enable us to maintain our qualification as a REIT, and, if such relief provisions are available, the amount of any resultant penalty tax could be substantial. 
 Effect of Subsidiary Entities 
 Qualified REIT Subsidiaries . A corporation that is a QRS is not treated as a corporation separate from its parent REIT. All assets, liabilities and items of income, deduction and credit of a QRS are treated as assets, liabilities and items of income, deduction and credit of the REIT. A QRS is a corporation, other than a TRS, all the stock of which is owned by the REIT. Thus, in applying the requirements described herein, any QRS that the Company owns will be ignored, and all assets, liabilities and items of income, deduction and credit of such subsidiary will be treated as the Company s assets, liabilities and items of income, deduction and credit. 
 Other Disregarded Entities and Partnerships . An unincorporated domestic entity, such as a partnership or limited liability company, that has a single owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes generally is not treated as an entity separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes. An unincorporated domestic entity with two or more owners is generally treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In the case of a REIT that is a partner in a partnership that has other partners, the REIT is treated as owning its proportionate share of the assets of the partnership and as earning its allocable share of the gross income of the partnership for purposes of the applicable REIT qualification tests. Thus, the Company s proportionate share of the assets, liabilities and items of income of the Operating Partnership, and any other partnership, joint venture or limited liability company that is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes in which it has acquired or will acquire an interest, directly or indirectly, or a subsidiary partnership, will be treated as its assets and gross income for purposes of applying the various REIT qualification requirements. For purposes of the 10 value test (described in the section entitled Asset Tests ), the Company s proportionate share is based on its proportionate interest in the equity interests and certain debt securities issued by the partnership. For all of the other asset and income tests, the Company s proportionate share is based on its proportionate interest in the capital of the partnership. 
 The Company, through its Operating Partnership, holds and expects to acquire limited partner or non-managing member interests in partnerships and limited liability companies that are joint ventures or investment funds. If a partnership or limited liability company in which the Company owns a direct or indirect interest takes or expects to take actions that could jeopardize its qualification as a REIT or require it to pay tax, the Company may be forced to dispose of its interest in such entity. In addition, it is possible that a partnership or limited liability company could take an action which could cause the Company to fail a REIT gross income or asset test, and that the Company would not become aware of such action in time to dispose of its interest in the partnership or limited liability company or take other corrective action on a timely basis. In that case, the Company could fail to qualify as a REIT unless it was able to qualify for a statutory REIT savings provision, which may require it to pay a significant penalty tax to maintain its REIT qualification. 
 Taxable REIT Subsidiaries . A REIT may own up to 100 of the stock of one or more TRSs. A TRS is a fully taxable corporation that may earn income that would not be qualifying income if earned directly by its parent REIT or through a disregarded or partnership subsidiary. The subsidiary corporation and the REIT must jointly elect to treat the subsidiary as a TRS. Any corporation of which a TRS directly or indirectly owns more than 35 of the voting power or value of the stock will automatically be treated as a TRS. 
 A REIT is not treated as holding the assets of a TRS or as receiving any income that the TRS earns. Rather, the stock issued by the TRS is an asset in the hands of the parent REIT and the REIT recognizes as income the dividends, if any, that it receives from the TRS. This treatment can affect the income and asset test calculations that apply to the REIT. Because a parent REIT 

84 

Table of Contents 

 does not include the assets and income of such TRSs in determining the parent REIT s compliance with the REIT requirements, TRSs may be used by the parent REIT to undertake indirectly activities that the REIT rules might otherwise preclude it from doing directly or through pass-through subsidiaries (for example, activities that give rise to certain categories of income such as management fees). Other than activities relating to the operation or management of lodging and healthcare facilities, a TRS may generally engage in any business, including the provision of customary or non-customary services to tenants without causing the parent REIT to receive impermissible tenant service income under the REIT gross income tests. 
 Domestic TRSs are subject to U.S. federal income tax, and state and local income tax, where applicable, on their taxable income. To the extent that a domestic TRS is required to pay taxes, it will have less cash available for distribution to the Company. If dividends are paid to the Company by its domestic TRSs, then the dividends it pays to our holders who are taxed at individual rates, up to the amount of dividends it receives from its domestic TRSs, will generally be eligible to be taxed at the reduced 20 rate applicable to qualified dividend income. 
 The TRS rules limit the deductibility of interest paid or accrued by a TRS to its parent REIT to assure that the TRS is subject to an appropriate level of corporate taxation. Further, the rules impose a 100 excise tax on transactions between a TRS and its parent REIT or the REIT s tenants that are not conducted on an arm s-length basis. See New Interest Deduction Limitation. 
 The Company is subject to the limitation that securities in TRSs may not represent more than 20 of the value of the Company s total assets. There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the 20 limitation. 
 In general, the Company intends that any loans that are originated or acquired with an intention of selling such loans in a manner that might expose us to a 100 tax on prohibited transactions if originated or acquired by us directly, will instead be originated or acquired by a TRS. Refer to the section entitled Gross Income Tests Prohibited Transactions. It is possible that such a TRS through which sales of securities are made may be treated as a dealer for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a dealer, a TRS would generally mark all the securities it holds on the last day of each taxable year to their market value, and will recognize ordinary income or loss on such securities with respect to such taxable year as if they had been sold for that value on that day. In addition, a TRS may further elect to be subject to the mark-to-market regime described above in the event that the TRS is properly classified as a trader as opposed to a dealer for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 Subsidiary REITs . We own interests (directly or indirectly) in one or more entities that qualify as REITs. We believe that each such REIT has operated, and will continue to operate, in a manner to permit us to qualify for taxation as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes and that stock in any such REIT will thus be a qualifying asset for purposes of the 75 asset test. However, if any such REIT fails to qualify as a REIT then (i) the entity would become subject to regular corporate income tax, as described herein (refer below to the section entitled Failure to Qualify and (ii) the Company s equity interest in such entity would cease to be a qualifying real estate asset for purposes of the 75 asset test and, if our protective TRS elections were ineffective, would become subject to the 5 asset test and the 10 vote or value test generally applicable to the Company s ownership in corporations other than REITs, QRSs or TRSs (refer below to the section entitled Asset Tests ). If such an entity failed to qualify as a REIT, it is possible that we would not meet the 75 asset test, the 5 asset test, and/or the 10 vote or value test with respect to its interest in such entity, in which event we would fail to qualify as a REIT, unless we qualify for certain relief provisions. 
 Taxable Mortgage Pools . An entity, or a portion of an entity, may be classified as a taxable mortgage pool, or a TMP under the Code if: 
 substantially all of its assets consist of debt obligations or interests in debt obligations; 
 more than 50 of those debt obligations are real estate mortgages or interests in real estate mortgages as of specified testing dates; 
 the entity has issued debt obligations that have two or more maturities; and 
 the payments required to be made by the entity on its debt obligations bear a relationship to the payments to be received by the entity on the debt obligations that it holds as assets. 
 Under the Treasury Regulations, if less than 80 of the assets of an entity (or a portion of an entity) consists of debt obligations, these debt obligations are considered not to comprise substantially all of its assets and therefore the entity would not be treated as a TMP. Financing arrangements entered into, directly or indirectly, by the Company may give rise to TMPs, with the consequences described in the next paragraph. 
 A TMP generally is treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However, special rules apply to a REIT, a portion of a REIT, or a QRS that is a TMP. If a REIT owns directly, or indirectly through one or more QRSs or other entities that are disregarded as separate entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 100 of the equity interests in the TMP, the TMP 

85 

Table of Contents 

 will be a QRS and, therefore, ignored as an entity separate from the REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes and would not generally affect the tax qualification of the REIT. 
 If the Company has an investment in an arrangement that is classified as a TMP, that TMP arrangement will be subject to tax as a separate corporation unless the Company owns 100 of the equity in such TMP arrangement so that it is treated as a QRS, as discussed above. Whether an arrangement is or is not a TMP may not be susceptible to precise determination. If an investment in which the Company owns an interest is characterized as a TMP and thus as a separate corporation, the Company will satisfy the 100 ownership requirement only so long as it owns all classes of securities that for tax purposes are characterized as equity, which is often an uncertain factual issue and in any event is unlikely in the Company s case given that it generally holds its assets through the Company s Operating Partnership. Accordingly, if an investment in which the Company owns an interest is characterized as a TMP that does not qualify as a QRS, the Company may be unable to comply with the REIT asset tests that restrict its ability to own most corporations. In addition, a portion of the REIT s income from a TMP arrangement that is not taxed as a separate corporation, which might be non-cash accrued income, could be treated as excess inclusion income. The manner in which excess inclusion income is calculated is not clear under current law. However, as required by IRS guidance, the Company intends to make such determinations based on what it believes to be a reasonable method. Under the IRS guidance, a REIT s excess inclusion income, including any excess inclusion income from a residual interest in a REMIC, must be allocated among its holders in proportion to dividends paid. A REIT is required to notify holders of the amount of excess inclusion income allocated to them. A holder s share of excess inclusion income: 
 cannot be offset by any net operating losses otherwise available to the holder; 
 in the case of a holder that is a REIT, a regulated investment company or a common trust fund or other pass-through entity, is considered excess inclusion income of such entity; 
 is subject to tax as unrelated business taxable income in the hands of most types of holders that are otherwise generally exempt from U.S. federal income tax; 
 results in the application of U.S. federal income tax withholding at the maximum rate (30 ), without reduction for any otherwise applicable income tax treaty or other exemption, to the extent allocable to most types of non-U.S. holders; and 
 is taxable (at the highest corporate tax rate, currently 21 to the REIT, rather than its holders, to the extent allocable to the REIT s stock held in record name by holders that are disqualified organizations (generally, tax-exempt entities not subject to unrelated business income tax, including governmental organizations), in which case such disqualified organization could be obligated to reimburse the Company for that tax. 
 Tax-exempt investors, regulated investment company or REIT investors, non-U.S. investors and taxpayers with net operating losses should carefully consider the tax consequences described above, and are urged to consult their tax advisors. 
 Gross Income Tests 
 The Company must satisfy two gross income tests annually to qualify as a REIT. First, at least 75 of the Company s gross income for each taxable year must consist of defined types of income that it derives, directly or indirectly, from investments relating to real property or mortgages on real property or qualified temporary investment income. Qualifying income for purposes of the 75 gross income test generally includes: 
 rents from real property; 
 interest on debt secured by mortgages on real property or on interests in real property (including certain types of mortgage-backed securities); 
 dividends or other distributions on, and gain from the sale of, shares in other REITs; 
 gain from the sale of real estate assets; 
 income and gain derived from foreclosure property; 
 income derived from a REMIC in proportion to the real estate assets held by the REMIC, unless at least 95 of the REMIC s assets are real estate assets, in which case all of the income derived from the REMIC; and 
 income derived from the temporary investment of new capital that is attributable to the issuance of our stock or a public offering of our debt with a maturity date of at least five years that is received during the one-year period beginning on the date on which the Company received such new capital. 

86 

Table of Contents 

 Although a debt instrument issued by a publicly offered REIT (i.e., a REIT that is required to file annual and periodic reports with the SEC under the Exchange Act) is treated as a real estate asset for purposes of the asset tests, the interest income and gain from the sale of such debt instruments is not treated as qualifying income for the 75 gross income test unless the debt instrument is secured by real property or an interest in real property. 
 Second, in general, at least 95 of the Company s gross income for each taxable year must consist of income that is qualifying income for purposes of the 75 gross income test, other types of interest and dividends, gain from the sale or disposition of stock or securities or any combination of these. For purposes of the 95 gross income test, gain from the sale of securities includes gain from the sale of a debt instrument issued by a publicly offered REIT even if not secured by real property or an interest in real property. Gross income from the sale of property that the Company holds primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business and cancellation of indebtedness, or COD income is excluded from both the numerator and the denominator in both income tests. Income and gain from qualified hedging transactions, as defined below in Hedging Transactions, that are clearly and timely identified as such are excluded from both the numerator and the denominator for purposes of the 75 and 95 gross income tests. In addition, certain foreign currency gains are excluded from gross income for purposes of one or both of the gross income tests. Refer below to the section entitled Foreign Currency Gain. The following paragraphs discuss the specific application of the gross income tests to the Company. 
 Rents from Real Property 
 Rent that the Company receives from its real property will qualify as rents from real property which is qualifying income for purposes of the 75 and 95 gross income tests, only if the following conditions are met: 
 First, the rent must not be based, in whole or in part, on the income or profits of any person. However, an amount received or accrued generally will not be excluded from rents from real property solely by reason of being based on fixed percentages of receipts or sales. 
 Second, rents the Company receives from a related party tenant will not qualify as rents from real property in satisfying the gross income tests unless the tenant is a TRS, and either: (i) at least 90 of the property is leased to unrelated tenants and the rent paid by the TRS is substantially comparable to the rent paid by the unrelated tenants for comparable space; or (ii) the TRS leases a qualified lodging facility or qualified health care property and engages an eligible independent contractor, as defined above in Taxable REIT Subsidiaries, to operate such facility or property on its behalf. A tenant is a related party tenant if the REIT, or an actual or constructive owner of 10 or more of the REIT, actually or constructively owns 10 or more of the tenant. 
 Third, if rent attributable to personal property leased in connection with a lease of real property is 15 or less of the total rent received under the lease, then the rent attributable to personal property will qualify as rents from real property. However, if the 15 threshold is exceeded, the rent attributable to personal property will not qualify as rents from real property. 
 Fourth, the Company generally must not operate or manage its real property or furnish or render services to its tenants, other than through an independent contractor who is adequately compensated and from whom the Company does not derive revenue. However, the Company may provide services directly to tenants if the services are usually or customarily rendered in connection with the rental of space for occupancy only and are not considered to be provided for the tenants convenience. In addition, the Company may directly provide a minimal amount of noncustomary services to the tenants of a property as long as its income from the services (valued at not less than 150 of the Company s direct cost of performing such services) does not exceed 1 of its income from the related property in which case only the amounts for noncustomary services are not treated as rents from real property. If, however, the gross income from such noncustomary services exceeds this 1 threshold, none of the gross income derived from the relevant property will qualify as rents from real property. Furthermore, the Company may own up to 100 of the stock of a TRS that provides customary and noncustomary services to its tenants without tainting the rental income for the related properties. Refer to the section entitled Taxable REIT Subsidiaries. 
 Unless the Company determines that the resulting non-qualifying income under any of the following circumstances, taken together with all other non-qualifying income earned by it in the taxable year, will not jeopardize its qualification as a REIT, the Company does not intend to: 
 derive rental income attributable to personal property other than personal property leased in connection with the lease of real property, the amount of which is less than 15 of the total rent received under the lease; 
 rent any property to a related party tenant, including, except with respect to qualified health care properties and qualified lodging facilities, a TRS; 

87 

Table of Contents 

 charge rent for any property that is based in whole or in part on the income or profits of any person, except by reason of being based on a fixed percentage or percentages of receipts or sales, as described above; or 
 directly or indirectly perform services considered to be noncustomary or provided for the tenant s convenience other than through a TRS or independent contractor. 
 Interest 
 The term interest, as defined for purposes of both gross income tests, generally excludes any amount that is based, in whole or in part, on the income or profits of any person. However, interest generally includes the following: 
 an amount that is based on a fixed percentage or percentages of receipts or sales; and 
 an amount that is based on the income or profits of a debtor, as long as the debtor derives substantially all of its income from the real property securing the debt from leasing substantially all of its interest in the property and only to the extent that the amounts received by the debtor would be qualifying rents from real property if received directly by a REIT. 
 If a loan contains a provision that entitles a REIT to a percentage of the borrower s gain upon the sale of the real property securing the loan or a percentage of the appreciation in the property s value as of a specific date, income attributable to that loan provision will be treated as gain from the sale of the property securing the loan, which generally is qualifying income for purposes of both gross income tests, provided that the property is not inventory or dealer property in the hands of the borrower or the REIT. 
 Interest on debt secured by mortgages on real property or on interests in real property (including, in the case of a loan secured by real property and personal property, such personal property to the extent that it does not exceed 15 of the total fair market value of all such property securing the loan), including, for this purpose, prepayment penalties, loan assumption fees and late payment charges that are not compensation for services, generally is qualifying income for purposes of the 75 gross income test. In general, under applicable Treasury Regulations, if a loan is secured by real property and other property and the highest principal amount of the loan outstanding during a taxable year exceeds the fair market value of the real property securing the loan determined as of: (i) the date the Company agreed to acquire or originate the loan; or (ii) as discussed further below, in the event of a significant modification, the date the Company modified the loan, then a portion of the interest income from such loan will not be qualifying income for purposes of the 75 gross income test, but will be qualifying income for purposes of the 95 gross income test. The portion of the interest income that will not be qualifying income for purposes of the 75 gross income test will be equal to the portion of the principal amount of the loan that is not secured by real property-that is, the amount by which the loan exceeds the value of the real property that is security for the loan. As discussed further below, IRS guidance provides that the Company does not need to redetermine fair market value of the real property securing the loan in connection with a loan modification that is occasioned by a borrower default or made at a time when the Company reasonably believes that the modification to the loan will substantially reduce a significant risk of default on the loan. 
 The Company invests in loans secured by real property that is under construction or being significantly improved, in which case the value of the real estate that is security for the loan will be the fair market value of the land plus the reasonably estimated cost of the improvements or developments (including, in the case of a loan secured by real property and personal property, such personal property to the extent that it does not exceed 15 of the total fair market value of all such property securing the loan) which will secure the loans and which are to be constructed from proceeds of the loan. 
 The Company holds certain mezzanine loans and may originate or acquire other mezzanine loans. Mezzanine loans are loans secured by equity interests in an entity that directly or indirectly owns real property, rather than by a direct mortgage of the real property. In Revenue Procedure 2003-65, the IRS established a safe harbor under which loans secured by a first priority security interest in ownership interests in a partnership or limited liability company owning real property will be treated as real estate assets for purposes of the REIT asset tests described below, and interest derived from those loans will be treated as qualifying income for both the 75 and 95 gross income tests, provided several requirements are satisfied. 
 Although Revenue Procedure 2003-65 provides a safe harbor on which taxpayers may rely, it does not prescribe rules of substantive tax law. Moreover, the Company expects that some of its mezzanine loans may not meet all of the requirements for reliance on the safe harbor. To the extent any mezzanine loans that the Company originates or acquires do not qualify for the safe harbor described above, the interest income from the loans will be qualifying income for purposes of the 95 gross income test, but there is a risk that such interest income will not be qualifying income for purposes of the 75 gross income test. We believe that we currently invest in mezzanine loans, and intend to continue to invest in mezzanine loans, in a manner that will enable us to satisfy the REIT gross income and asset tests. 

88 

Table of Contents 

 The Company and its subsidiaries hold certain participation interests, or subordinated mortgage interests, in mortgage loans and mezzanine loans originated by other lenders. A subordinated mortgage interest is an interest created in an underlying loan by virtue of a participation or similar agreement, to which the originator of the loan is a party, along with one or more participants. The borrower on the underlying loan is typically not a party to the participation agreement. The performance of a participant s investment depends upon the performance of the underlying loan and if the underlying borrower defaults, the participant typically has no recourse against the originator of the loan. The originator often retains a senior position in the underlying loan and grants junior participations, which will be a first loss position in the event of a default by the borrower. The Company expects that its (and its subsidiaries participation interests generally will qualify as real estate assets for purposes of the REIT asset tests described below and that interest derived from such investments generally will be treated as qualifying interest for purposes of the 75 gross income test. The appropriate treatment of participation interests for U.S. federal income tax purposes is not entirely certain, however, and no assurance can be given that the IRS will not challenge the Company s treatment of its participation interests. 
 Many of the terms of the mortgage loans, mezzanine loans and subordinated mortgage interests and the loans supporting the MBSs that the Company holds or expects to acquire have been modified and may in the future be modified. Under the Code, if the terms of a loan are modified in a manner constituting a significant modification, such modification triggers a deemed exchange of the original loan for the modified loan. Revenue Procedure 2014-51 provides a safe harbor pursuant to which the Company will not be required to redetermine the fair market value of the real property securing a loan for purposes of the gross income and asset tests in connection with a loan modification that is: (i) occasioned by a borrower default; or (ii) made at a time when the Company reasonably believes that the modification to the loan will substantially reduce a significant risk of default on the original loan. No assurance can be provided that all of the Company s loan modifications will qualify for the safe harbor in Revenue Procedure 2014-51. To the extent the Company significantly modifies loans in a manner that does not qualify for that safe harbor, it will be required to redetermine the value of the real property securing the loan at the time it was significantly modified. In determining the value of the real property securing such a loan, the Company generally will not obtain third-party appraisals but rather will rely on internal valuations. No assurance can be provided that the IRS will not successfully challenge the Company s internal valuations. If the terms of the Company s mortgage loans, mezzanine loans and subordinated mortgage interests and loans supporting its MBSs are significantly modified in a manner that does not qualify for the safe harbor in Revenue Procedure 2014-51 and the fair market value of the real property securing such loans has decreased significantly, the Company could fail the 75 gross income test, the 75 asset test and/or the 10 value test. 
 The Company and its subsidiaries also hold, and may in the future, acquire distressed mortgage loans. Revenue Procedure 2014-51 provides that the IRS will treat distressed mortgage loans acquired by a REIT that are secured by real property and other property as producing in part non-qualifying income for the 75 gross income test. Specifically, Revenue Procedure 2014-51 indicates that interest income on such a distressed mortgage loan will be treated as qualifying income based on the ratio of: (i) the fair market value of the real property securing the debt determined as of the date the REIT committed to acquire the loan; and (ii) the face amount of the loan (and not the purchase price or current value of the debt). The face amount of a distressed mortgage loan will typically exceed the fair market value of the real property securing the mortgage loan on the date the REIT commits to acquire the loan. It is unclear how the safe harbor in Revenue Procedure 2014-51 is affected by the recent legislative changes regarding the treatment of personal property securing a mortgage loan. The Company intends to invest in distressed mortgage loans in a manner that consistent with qualifying as a REIT. 
 The Company and its subsidiaries have entered into certain sale and repurchase agreements under which it nominally sells certain mortgage assets to a counterparty and simultaneously enters into an agreement to repurchase the sold assets. Based on positions the IRS has taken in analogous situations, the Company believes that it will be treated for purposes of the REIT gross income and asset tests (refer below to the section entitled Asset Tests as the owner of the mortgage assets that are the subject of any such agreement notwithstanding that record ownership of the assets is transferred to the counterparty during the term of the agreement. It is possible, however, that the IRS could assert that the Company does not own the mortgage assets during the term of the sale and repurchase agreement, in which case its ability to qualify as a REIT could be adversely affected. 
 The Company may invest in other agency securities that are pass-through certificates. The Company expects that any such agency securities will be treated as either interests in a grantor trust or as interests in a REMIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes and that all interest income from such agency securities will be qualifying income for the 95 gross income test. In the case of agency securities treated as interests in grantor trusts, the Company would be treated as owning an undivided beneficial ownership interest in the mortgage loans held by the grantor trust. The interest on such mortgage loans would be qualifying income for purposes of the 75 gross income test to the extent that such loan is secured by real property, as discussed above. In the case of agency securities treated as interests in a REMIC, income derived from such REMIC interests generally will be treated as qualifying income for purposes of the 75 gross income test. As discussed above, however, if less than 95 of the assets of the REMIC are real estate assets then only a proportionate part of the income derived from the Company s interest in the REMIC will qualify for purposes of the 75 gross income tests. To the extent that a REMIC interest includes an imbedded interest swap or cap contract or other derivative instrument, such derivative instrument could produce 

89 

Table of Contents 

 non-qualifying income for purposes of the 75 gross income test. The Company expects that substantially all of its income from agency securities will be qualifying income for purposes of the 75 and 95 gross income tests. 
 Dividends; Subpart F Income 
 The Company s share of any dividends received from any corporation (including any TRS, but excluding any REIT) in which it owns an equity interest will qualify for purposes of the 95 gross income test but not for purposes of the 75 gross income test. The Company s share of any dividends received from any other REIT in which it owns an equity interest, including any subsidiary REIT, will be qualifying income for purposes of both gross income tests. 
 In addition, the Company may be required to include in gross income its share of Subpart F income of one or more foreign (non-U.S.) corporations in which it invests, including its foreign TRSs, regardless of whether it receives distributions from such corporations. Pursuant to Revenue Procedure 2018-48, the Company will treat certain income inclusions received with respect to equity investments in foreign TRSs as qualifying income for purposes of the 95 gross income test but not the 75 gross income test. 
 Fee Income 
 The Company expects to receive various fees in connection with its operations. Fee income will be qualifying income for purposes of both the 75 and 95 gross income tests if it is received in consideration for entering into an agreement to make a loan secured by mortgages on or interests in real property, and the fees are not determined by the income and profits of any person. Other fees, such as origination and servicing fees, fees for acting as a broker-dealer and fees for managing investments for third parties, are not qualifying income for purposes of either gross income test. Any fees earned by a TRS are not included for purposes of the gross income tests. 
 Hedging Transactions 
 From time to time, the Company and its subsidiaries expect to enter into hedging transactions with respect to one or more of its assets or liabilities. The Company s hedging activities may include entering into interest rate swaps, caps and floors, options to purchase such items and futures and forward contracts. Income and gain from qualified hedging transactions are excluded from gross income for purposes of the 75 and 95 gross income tests. A qualified hedging transaction includes: (i) any transaction entered into in the normal course of the Company s trade or business primarily to manage the risk of interest rate, price changes or currency fluctuations with respect to borrowings made or to be made, or ordinary obligations incurred or to be incurred, to acquire or carry real estate assets; (ii) any transaction entered into primarily to manage the risk of currency fluctuations with respect to any item of income or gain that would be qualifying income under the 75 or 95 gross income test (or any property which generates such income or gain); and (iii) any transaction entered into to offset a transaction described in (i) or (ii) if a portion of the hedged indebtedness is extinguished or the related property disposed of. The Company will be required to clearly identify any such hedging transaction before the close of the day on which it was acquired, originated or entered into and to satisfy other identification requirements in order to be treated as a qualified hedging transaction. The Company intends to structure any hedging transactions in a manner that does not jeopardize its qualification as a REIT. 
 COD Income 
 From time to time, the Company and its subsidiaries may recognize COD income, in connection with repurchasing debt at a discount. COD income is excluded from gross income for purposes of both the 75 and 95 gross income tests. 
 Foreign Currency Gain 
 Certain foreign currency gain is excluded from gross income for purposes of one or both of the gross income tests. Real estate foreign exchange gain is excluded from gross income for purposes of the 75 gross income test. Real estate foreign exchange gain generally includes foreign currency gain attributable to any item of income or gain that is qualifying income for purposes of the 75 gross income test, foreign currency gain attributable to the acquisition or ownership of (or becoming or being the obligor under) obligations and certain foreign currency gain attributable to certain qualified business units of a REIT. Passive foreign exchange gain is excluded from gross income for purposes of the 95 gross income test. Passive foreign exchange gain generally includes real estate foreign exchange gain as described above and also includes foreign currency gain attributable to any item of income or gain that is qualifying income for purposes of the 95 gross income test and foreign currency gain attributable to the acquisition or ownership of (or becoming or being the obligor under) obligations secured by mortgages on real property or on interests in real property. Because passive foreign exchange gain includes real estate foreign exchange gain, real estate foreign exchange gain is excluded from gross income for purposes of both the 75 and 95 gross income tests. These exclusions for real estate foreign exchange gain and passive foreign exchange gain do not apply to certain foreign currency gain derived from dealing, or engaging in substantial and regular trading, in securities, which is treated as non-qualifying income for purposes of both the 75 and 95 gross income tests. 

90 

Table of Contents 

 Prohibited Transactions 
 A REIT will incur a 100 tax on the net income derived from any sale or other disposition of property, other than foreclosure property, that the REIT holds primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or business. The Company believes that none of its assets are held or will be held primarily for sale to customers and that a sale of any of its assets has not been, and will not be, in the ordinary course of its business. Whether a REIT holds an asset primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or business depends, however, on the facts and circumstances in effect from time to time, including those related to a particular asset. A safe harbor to the characterization of the sale of property by a REIT as a prohibited transaction and the 100 prohibited transaction tax is available if the following requirements are met: 
 the REIT has held the property for not less than two years; 
 the aggregate expenditures made by the REIT, or any partner of the REIT, during the two-year period preceding the date of the sale that are includable in the basis of the property do not exceed 30 of the net selling price of the property; 
 either: (i) during the year in question, the REIT did not make more than seven sales of property other than foreclosure property or sales to which Section 1031 or 1033 of the Code applies; (ii) the aggregate adjusted bases of all such properties sold by the REIT during the year did not exceed 10 of the aggregate bases of all of the assets of the REIT at the beginning of the year; (iii) the aggregate fair market value of all such properties sold by the REIT during the year did not exceed 10 of the aggregate fair market value of all of the assets of the REIT at the beginning of the year; (iv)(A) the aggregate adjusted tax bases of all such properties sold by the REIT during the year did not exceed 20 of the aggregate adjusted bases of all property of the REIT at the beginning of the year and (B) the three-year average percentage of properties sold by the REIT compared to all the REIT s properties (measured by adjusted bases) taking into account the current and two prior years did not exceed 10 ; or (v)(A) the aggregate fair market value of all such properties sold by the REIT during the year did not exceed 20 of the aggregate fair market value of all property of the REIT at the beginning of the year and (B) the three-year average percentage of properties sold by the REIT compared to all the REIT s properties (measured by fair market value) taking into account the current and two prior years did not exceed 10 ; 
 in the case of property not acquired through foreclosure or lease termination, the REIT has held the property for at least two years for the production of rental income; and 
 if the REIT has made more than seven sales of non-foreclosure property during the taxable year, substantially all of the marketing and development expenditures with respect to the property were made through an independent contractor from whom the REIT derives no income or a TRS. 
 No assurance can be given that any property that the Company sells will not be treated as property held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or business or that the Company will be able to comply with the safe harbor when disposing of assets. The 100 tax will not apply to gains from the sale of property that is held through a TRS or other taxable corporation, although such income will be taxed to the corporation at regular corporate income tax rates. The Company intends to structure its activities to avoid transactions that would result in a material amount of prohibited transaction tax. 
 Foreclosure Property 
 The Company will be subject to tax at the maximum corporate rate on any income from foreclosure property, which includes certain foreign currency gains and related deductions recognized, other than income that otherwise would be qualifying income for purposes of the 75 gross income test, less expenses directly connected with the production of that income. However, gross income from foreclosure property will qualify under the 75 and 95 gross income tests. Foreclosure property is any real property, including interests in real property, and any personal property incident to such real property: 
 that is acquired by a REIT as the result of the REIT having bid on such property at foreclosure or having otherwise reduced such property to ownership or possession by agreement or process of law, after there was a default or default was imminent on a lease of such property or on indebtedness that such property secured; 
 for which the related loan was acquired by the REIT at a time when the default was not imminent or anticipated; and 
 for which the REIT makes a proper election to treat the property as foreclosure property. 
 A REIT will not be considered to have foreclosed on a property where the REIT takes control of the property as a mortgagee-in-possession and cannot receive any profit or sustain any loss except as a creditor of the mortgagor. Property generally ceases to be foreclosure property at the end of the third taxable year following the taxable year in which the REIT acquired the property or longer if an extension is granted by the Secretary of the Treasury. However, this grace period terminates and 

91 

Table of Contents 

 foreclosure property ceases to be foreclosure property on the first day: 
 on which a lease is entered into for the property that, by its terms, will give rise to income that does not qualify for purposes of the 75 gross income test, or any amount is received or accrued, directly or indirectly, pursuant to a lease entered into on or after such day that will give rise to income that does not qualify for purposes of the 75 gross income test; 
 on which any construction takes place on the property, other than completion of a building or any other improvement, where more than 10 of the construction was completed before default became imminent; or 
 which is more than 90 days after the day on which the REIT acquired the property and the property is used in a trade or business which is conducted by the REIT, other than through an independent contractor from whom the REIT itself does not derive or receive any income or a TRS. 
 The Company may acquire properties as a result of foreclosure or otherwise reducing the property to ownership when default has occurred or is imminent and may make foreclosure property elections with respect to some or all of those properties if such election is available (which may not be the case with respect to acquired distressed loans ). 
 Cash/Income Differences/Phantom Income 
 Due to the nature of the assets in which the Company invests, the Company may be required to recognize taxable income from those assets in advance of its receipt of cash flow on or proceeds from disposition of such assets, and may be required to report taxable income in early periods that exceeds the economic income ultimately realized on such assets. 
 The Company may acquire debt instruments in the secondary market for less than their face amount. The amount of such discount generally will be treated as market discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Company may elect to include in taxable income accrued market discount as it accrues rather than as it is realized for economic purposes, resulting in phantom income. Principal payments on certain loans are made monthly, and consequently accrued market discount may have to be included in income each month as if the debt instrument were assured of ultimately being collected in full. If the Company collects less on the debt instrument than its purchase price plus the market discount it had previously reported as income, it may not be able to benefit from any offsetting loss deductions. 
 The Company may acquire MBSs that have been issued with original issue discount. In general, the Company will be required to accrue original issue discount based on the constant yield to maturity of the MBS, and to treat it as taxable income in accordance with applicable U.S. federal income tax rules even though smaller or no cash payments are received on such debt instrument. As in the case of the market discount discussed in the preceding paragraph, the constant yield in question will be determined and the Company will be taxed based on the assumption that all future payments due on the MBS in question will be made. If all payments on the MBSs are not made, the Company may not be able to benefit from any offsetting loss deductions. 
 In addition, pursuant to its investment strategy, the Company may acquire distressed debt instruments and subsequently modify such instruments by agreement with the borrower. If the amendments to the outstanding debt are significant modifications under the applicable Treasury Regulations, the modified debt may be considered to have been reissued to the Company in a debt-for-debt exchange with the borrower. In that event, the Company may be required to recognize income to the extent the principal amount of the modified debt exceeds its adjusted tax basis in the unmodified debt, and would hold the modified loan with a cost basis equal to its principal amount for U.S. federal tax purposes. To the extent that such modifications are made with respect to a debt instrument held by a TRS treated as a dealer, as described above, such a TRS would be required at the end of each taxable year, including the taxable year in which such modification was made, to mark the modified debt instrument to its fair market value as if the debt instrument were sold. In that case, the TRS generally would recognize a loss at the end of the taxable year in which the modifications were made to the extent the fair market value of such debt instrument was less than its principal amount after the modification. 
 In addition, in the event that any debt instruments or MBSs acquired by the Company are delinquent as to mandatory principal and interest payments, or in the event payments with respect to a particular debt instrument are not made when due, the Company may nonetheless be required to continue to recognize the unpaid interest as taxable income. Similarly, the Company may be required to accrue interest income with respect to subordinate MBSs at the stated rate regardless of whether corresponding cash payments are received. 
 The Company may also be required under the terms of indebtedness that it incurs to private lenders or otherwise to use cash received from interest payments to make principal payments on that indebtedness, with the effect of recognizing income but not having a corresponding amount of cash available for distribution to holders of its securities. 

92 

Table of Contents 

 Due to each of these potential timing differences between income recognition or expense deduction and cash receipts or disbursements, there is a significant risk that the Company may have substantial taxable income in excess of cash available for distribution. In that event, the Company may need to borrow funds or take other action to satisfy the REIT distribution requirements for the taxable year in which this phantom income is recognized. Refer below to the section entitled Distribution Requirements. 
 Failure to Satisfy the Gross Income Tests 
 If the Company fails to satisfy one or both of the gross income tests for any taxable year, it nevertheless may qualify as a REIT for that year if it qualifies for relief under certain provisions of the U.S. federal income tax laws. Those relief provisions are available if: 
 the Company s failure to meet those tests is due to reasonable cause and not to willful neglect; and 
 following such failure for any taxable year, the Company files a schedule of the sources of its income with the IRS. 
 The Company cannot predict, however, whether in all circumstances it would qualify for the relief provisions. In addition, as discussed above in the section entitled Taxation of BrightSpire Capital, Inc. even if the relief provisions apply, the Company would incur a 100 tax on the gross income attributable to the greater of the amount by which it fails the 75 or 95 gross income test, in each case, multiplied by a fraction intended to reflect its profitability. 
 Asset Tests 
 To qualify as a REIT, the Company also must satisfy the following asset tests at the end of each quarter of each taxable year. First, at least 75 of the value of its total assets must consist of: 
 cash or cash items, including certain receivables and money market funds; 
 government securities; 
 interests in real property, including leaseholds, options to acquire real property and leaseholds, and personal property to the extent such personal property is leased in connection with real property and rents attributable to such personal property are treated as rents from real property 
 interests in mortgage loans secured by real property; 
 stock in other REITs and debt instruments issued by publicly offered REITs 
 investments in stock or debt instruments during the one-year period following the Company s receipt of new capital that it raises through equity offerings or public offerings of debt with at least a five-year term; and 
 regular or residual interests in a REMIC. However, if less than 95 of the assets of a REMIC consist of assets that are qualifying real estate-related assets under the U.S. federal income tax laws, determined as if the Company held such assets, the Company will be treated as holding directly its proportionate share of the assets of such REMIC. 
 Second, of the Company s investments not included in the 75 asset class, the value of its interest in any one issuer s securities may not exceed 5 of the value of its total assets, or the 5 asset test. 
 Third, of the Company s investments not included in the 75 asset class, it may not own more than 10 of the voting power or value of any one issuer s outstanding securities, or the 10 vote or value test. 
 Fourth, no more than 20 of the value of the Company s total assets may consist of the securities of one or more TRSs. 
 Fifth, no more than 25 of the value of the Company s total assets may consist of securities that are not qualifying assets for purposes of the 75 asset test described above, or the 25 securities test. 
 Sixth, no more than 25 of the value of the Company s total assets may consist of debt instruments issued by publicly offered REITs to the extent such debt instruments are not secured by real property or interests in real property. 
 For purposes of the 5 asset test, the 10 vote or value test and the 25 securities test, the term securities does not include stock in another REIT, debt of a publicly offered REIT, equity or debt securities of a QRS or, in the case of the 5 asset test and 10 vote or value test, TRS debt or equity, mortgage loans or MBSs that constitute real estate assets, or equity interests in a partnership. The term securities, however, generally includes debt securities issued by a partnership or another REIT (other than a publicly offered REIT ), except, for purposes of the 10 value test, the term securities does not include: 

93 

Table of Contents 

 Straight debt securities, which is defined as a written unconditional promise to pay on demand or on a specified date a sum certain in money if: (i) the debt is not convertible, directly or indirectly, into equity; and (ii) the interest rate and interest payment dates are not contingent on profits, the borrower s discretion, or similar factors. Straight debt securities do not include any securities issued by a partnership or a corporation in which the Company or any TRS in which the Company owns more than 50 of the voting power or value of the shares hold non- straight debt securities that have an aggregate value of more than 1 of the issuer s outstanding securities. However, straight debt securities include debt subject to the following contingencies: 
 a contingency relating to the time of payment of interest or principal, as long as either: (i) there is no change to the effective yield of the debt obligation, other than a change to the annual yield that does not exceed the greater of 0.25 or 5 of the annual yield; or (ii) neither the aggregate issue price nor the aggregate face amount of the issuer s debt obligations held by the Company exceeds 1 million and no more than 12 months of unaccrued interest on the debt obligations can be required to be prepaid; and 
 a contingency relating to the time or amount of payment upon a default or prepayment of a debt obligation, as long as the contingency is consistent with customary commercial practice. 
 Any loan to an individual or an estate; 
 Any section 467 rental agreement other than an agreement with a related party tenant; 
 Any obligation to pay rents from real property 
 Certain securities issued by governmental entities; 
 Any security issued by a REIT; 
 Any debt instrument issued by an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes in which the Company is a partner to the extent of its proportionate interest in the equity and debt securities of the partnership; and 
 Any debt instrument issued by an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes not described in the preceding bullet points if at least 75 of the partnership s gross income, excluding income from prohibited transactions, is qualifying income for purposes of the 75 gross income test described above in the section entitled Gross Income Tests. 
 For purposes of the 10 value test, the Company s proportionate share of the assets of a partnership is its proportionate interest in any securities issued by the partnership, without regard to the securities described in the last two bullet points above. 
 The Company s holdings of securities and other assets have complied, and will continue to comply, with the foregoing asset tests, and the Company intends to monitor its compliance on an ongoing basis. However, independent appraisals have not been obtained to support the Company s conclusions as to the value of its assets or the value of any particular security or securities. Moreover, values of some assets, including instruments issued in collateralized debt obligation transactions, may not be susceptible to a precise determination, and values are subject to change in the future. 
 Furthermore, the proper classification of an instrument as debt or equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes may be uncertain in some circumstances, which could affect the application of the asset tests. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the IRS will not contend that the Company s interests in its subsidiaries or in the securities of other issuers will not cause a violation of the asset tests. 
 As described above, Revenue Procedure 2003-65 provides a safe harbor pursuant to which certain mezzanine loans secured by a first priority security interest in ownership interests in a partnership or limited liability company will be treated as qualifying assets for purposes of the 75 asset test (and therefore, are not subject to the 5 asset test and the 10 vote or value test). Refer to the section entitled Gross Income Tests. The Company expects that some of its mezzanine loans may not qualify for that safe harbor. To the extent that the Company determines that a mezzanine loan likely would not qualify for the safe harbor and also would not be excluded from the definition of securities for purposes of the 10 vote or value test or could cause the Company not to satisfy the 75 or 5 assets tests, it would hold that mezzanine loan through a TRS. 
 The Company owns stock in several REITs and expects to invest in the stock of other entities that intend to qualify as REITs in the future. The Company believes that any stock that it has acquired or will acquire in other REITs has been, or will be, qualifying assets for purposes of the 75 asset test. If a REIT in which the Company owns stock fails to qualify as a REIT in any year, however, the stock in such REIT will not be a qualifying asset for purposes of the 75 asset test. Instead, the Company would be subject to the 5 asset test, the 10 vote or value test and the 25 securities test described above with respect to its investment in such a disqualified REIT. Consequently, if a REIT in which the Company owns stock fails to 

94 

Table of Contents 

 qualify as a REIT, the Company could fail one or more of the asset tests described above. To the extent the Company invests in other REITs, it intends to do so in a manner that will enable it to continue to satisfy the REIT asset tests. 
 As discussed above in the section entitled Gross Income Tests, the Company and its subsidiaries may invest in distressed mortgage loans. In general, under the applicable Treasury Regulations, if a loan is secured by real property and other property and the highest principal amount of the loan outstanding during a taxable year exceeds the fair market value of the real property securing the loan as of: (i) the date the Company agreed to acquire or originate the loan; or (ii) in the event of a significant modification, the date the Company modified the loan, then a portion of the interest income from such a loan will not be qualifying income for purposes of the 75 gross income test but will be qualifying income for purposes of the 95 gross income test. Although the law is not entirely clear, a portion of the loan will also likely be a non-qualifying asset for purposes of the 75 asset test. The non-qualifying portion of such a loan would be subject to, among other requirements, the 10 vote or value test. IRS Revenue Procedure 2014-51 provides a safe harbor under which the IRS has stated that it will not challenge a REIT s treatment of a loan as being, in part, a qualifying real estate asset in an amount equal to the lesser of: (i) the fair market value of the loan on the relevant quarterly REIT asset testing date; or (ii) the greater of (A) the fair market value of the real property securing the loan on the relevant quarterly REIT asset testing date or (B) the fair market value of the real property securing the loan determined as of the date the REIT committed to originate or acquire the loan. It is unclear how the safe harbor in Revenue Procedure 2014-51 is affected by the recent legislative changes regarding the treatment of loans secured by both real property and personal property where the fair market value of the personal property does not exceed 15 of the sum of the fair market values of the real property and the personal property securing the loan. There can be no assurance that later interpretations of or any clarifications to this Revenue Procedure will be consistent with how the Company currently is applying it to its REIT compliance analysis. The Company intends to invest in distressed mortgage loans in a manner consistent with qualifying as a REIT. 
 Also as discussed above, the Company intends to invest in agency securities that are pass-through certificates. The Company expects that the agency securities will be treated either as interests in grantor trusts or as interests in REMICs for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In the case of agency securities treated as interests in grantor trusts, the Company would be treated as owning an undivided beneficial ownership interest in the mortgage loans held by the grantor trust. Such mortgage loans generally will qualify as real estate assets to the extent that they are secured by real property. The Company expects that substantially all of its agency securities treated as interests in a grantor trust will qualify as real estate assets. In the case of agency securities treated as interests in a REMIC, such interests generally will qualify as real estate assets. If less than 95 of the assets of a REMIC are real estate assets, however, then only a proportionate part of the Company s interest in the REMIC will qualify as a real estate asset. To the extent that the Company holds mortgage participations or MBSs that do not represent interests in a grantor trust or REMIC interests, such assets may not qualify as real estate assets depending upon the circumstances and the specific structure of the investment. 
 Failure to Satisfy the Asset Tests 
 The Company has monitored, and will continue to monitor, the status of its assets for purposes of the various asset tests. If the Company fails to satisfy the asset tests at the end of a calendar quarter, it will not lose its REIT qualification if: 
 the Company satisfied the asset tests at the end of the preceding calendar quarter; and 
 the discrepancy between the value of the Company s assets and the asset test requirements arose from changes in the market values of its assets and was not wholly or partly caused by the acquisition of one or more non-qualifying assets. 
 If the Company does not satisfy the condition described in the second item, above, it still could avoid disqualification by eliminating any discrepancy within 30 days after the close of the calendar quarter in which it arose. 
 If at the end of any calendar quarter the Company violates the 5 asset test or the 10 vote or value test described above, it will not lose its REIT qualification if: (i) the failure is de minimis (up to the lesser of 1 of its assets or 10 million); and (ii) it disposes of assets causing the failure or otherwise complies with the asset tests within six months after the last day of the quarter in which it identifies such failure. In the event of a failure of any of the asset tests (other than de minimis failures described in the preceding sentence), as long as the failure was due to reasonable cause and not to willful neglect, the Company will not lose its REIT status if it: (i) disposes of assets or otherwise complies with the asset tests within six months after the last day of the quarter in which it identifies the failure; (ii) it files a description of each asset causing the failure with the IRS; and (iii) pays a tax equal to the greater of 50,000 or 35 of the net income from the non-qualifying assets during the period in which the Company failed to satisfy the asset tests. 
 Distribution Requirements 
 Each taxable year, the Company must distribute dividends, other than capital gain dividends and deemed distributions of retained capital gain, to our holders in an aggregate amount at least equal to the sum of: 

95 

Table of Contents 

 90 of its REIT taxable income, computed without regard to the dividends paid-deduction and its net capital gain or loss; and 
 90 of its after-tax net income, if any, from foreclosure property; minus 
 the sum of certain items of non-cash income. 
 Generally, the Company must pay such distributions in the taxable year to which they relate, or in the following taxable year if: (i) the Company declares the distribution before it timely files its U.S. federal income tax return for the year and pays the distribution on or before the first regular dividend payment date after such declaration; or (ii) the Company declares the distribution in October, November or December of the taxable year, payable to holders of record on a specified day in any such month, and it actually pays the dividend before the end of January of the following year. The distributions under clause (i) are taxable to the holders in the year in which paid and the distributions in clause (ii) are treated as paid on December 31 of the prior taxable year in which they were declared. In both instances, these distributions relate to the Company s prior taxable year for purposes of the 90 distribution requirement. 
 Unless the Company qualifies as a publicly offered REIT, in order for its distributions to be counted as satisfying the annual distribution requirement for REITs and to provide it with the REIT-level tax deduction, such distributions must not have been preferential dividends. A dividend is not a preferential dividend if that distribution is: (i) pro rata among all outstanding shares within a particular class; and (ii) in accordance with the preferences among different classes of stock as set forth in the Company s organizational documents. The Company believes that it qualifies as publicly offered REIT, and so long as it qualifies as a publicly offered REIT, the preferential dividend rule will not apply to it. 
 The Company will pay U.S. federal income tax on taxable income, including net capital gain, that it does not distribute to holders. Furthermore, if the Company fails to distribute during a calendar year, or by the end of January following the calendar year in the case of distributions with declaration and record dates falling in the last three months of the calendar year, at least the sum of: 
 85 of its REIT ordinary income for such year; 
 95 of its REIT capital gain income for such year; and 
 any undistributed taxable income from prior periods, 
 The Company will incur a 4 nondeductible excise tax on the excess of such required distribution over the amounts it actually distributes and the amounts of income retained on which the Company has paid corporate income tax. 
 The Company may elect to retain and pay income tax on the net long-term capital gain it receives in a taxable year. If the Company so elects, it will be treated as having distributed any such retained amount for purposes of the 4 nondeductible excise tax described above. The Company intends to make timely distributions sufficient to satisfy the annual distribution requirements and to avoid corporate income tax and the 4 nondeductible excise tax. 
 It is possible that, from time to time, the Company may experience timing differences between the actual receipt of income and/or payment of deductible expenses and the inclusion of that income or deduction in arriving at its REIT taxable income. Refer to, for example, the discussion of excess inclusion income above in the section entitled Requirements for Qualification Taxable Mortgage Pools. Other potential sources of non-cash taxable income include gain recognized on the deemed exchange of distressed debt that has been modified, real estate and securities that have been financed through securitization structures, such as the collateralized debt obligation structure, which require some or all of available cash flow to be used to service borrowings, loans or MBSs that the Company holds that have been issued at a discount and require the accrual of taxable economic interest in advance of its receipt in cash and distressed loans on which the Company may be required to accrue taxable interest income even though the borrower is unable to make current servicing payments in cash. Furthermore, under Section 451 of the Code, subject to certain exceptions, the Company must accrue income for U.S. federal income tax purposes no later than when such income is taken into account as revenue in our financial statements, which could create additional differences between REIT taxable income and the receipt of cash attributable to such income. In addition, Section 162(m) of the Code places a per-employee limit of 1 million on the amount of compensation that a publicly held corporation may deduct in any one year with respect to its chief executive officer, chief financial officer and certain other highly compensated executive officers. Recent changes to Section 162(m) expanded the individuals covered by Section 162(m) s limits and eliminated an exception that formerly permitted certain performance-based compensation to be deducted even if in excess of 1 million, which may have the effect of increasing our REIT taxable income, and recently proposed regulations under Section 162(m) provide that, contrary to certain prior private letter rulings previously issued by the IRS to several UPREITs, compensation subject to the Section 162(m) limit includes a publicly held corporation s distributive share of a partnership s deduction for any compensation the partnership pays for services performed by a covered employee of the publicly held corporation, which may 

96 

Table of Contents 

 also have the effect of increasing our REIT taxable income. In the event that such timing differences occur, it might be necessary to arrange borrowings or other means of raising capital to meet the distribution requirements. Additionally, the Company may, if possible, pay taxable dividends of our stock or debt to meet the distribution requirements. 
 On August 11, 2017, the IRS issued Revenue Procedure 2017-45, authorizing elective stock dividends to be made by public REITs. Pursuant to this revenue procedure, effective for distributions declared on or after August 11, 2017, the IRS will treat the distribution of stock pursuant to an elective stock dividend as a distribution of property under Section 301 of the Code (i.e., as a dividend to the extent of our earnings and profits), as long as at least 20 of the total dividend is available in cash and certain other requirements outlined in the revenue procedure are met. 
 Under certain circumstances, the Company may be able to correct a failure to meet the distribution requirement for a year by paying deficiency dividends to our holders in a later year. The Company may include such deficiency dividends in its deduction for dividends paid for the earlier year. Although the Company may be able to avoid income tax on amounts distributed as deficiency dividends, it will be required to pay interest to the IRS based upon the amount of any deduction it takes for deficiency dividends. 
 In addition, a REIT is required to distribute all accumulated earnings and profits attributable to non-REIT years by the close of its first taxable year in which it has non-REIT earnings and profits to distribute. 
 Interest Deduction Limitation 
 Commencing in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, Section 163(j) of the Code limits the deductibility of net interest expense paid or accrued on debt properly allocable to a trade or business to 30 of adjusted taxable income, subject to certain exceptions. Any deduction in excess of the limitation is carried forward and may be used in a subsequent year, subject to the 30 limitation. Adjusted taxable income is determined without regard to certain deductions, including those for net interest expense, net operating loss carryforwards and, for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2022, depreciation, amortization and depletion. Provided the taxpayer makes a timely election (which is irrevocable), the 30 limitation does not apply to a trade or business involving real property development, redevelopment, construction, reconstruction, rental, operation, acquisition, conversion, disposition, management, leasing or brokerage, within the meaning of Section 469(c)(7)(C) of the Code. If this election is made, depreciable real property (including certain improvements) held by the relevant trade or business must be depreciated under the alternative depreciation system under the Code, which is generally less favorable than the generally applicable system of depreciation under the Code. If we do not make the election or if the election is determined not to be available with respect to all or certain of our business activities, this interest deduction limitation could result in us having more REIT taxable income and thus increase the amount of distributions we must make to comply with the REIT requirements and avoid incurring corporate level tax. Similarly, the limitation could cause our TRSs to have greater taxable income and thus potentially greater corporate tax liability. 
 Recordkeeping Requirements 
 The Company is required to maintain certain records under the REIT rules. In addition, to avoid a monetary penalty, the Company must request on an annual basis information from our holders designed to disclose the actual ownership of its outstanding shares of beneficial interest. The Company intends to continue to comply with these requirements. 
 Foreign Investments 
 The Company and its subsidiaries have acquired, and expect to acquire in the future, investments in foreign countries that will require it to pay taxes to foreign countries. Taxes that the Company pays in foreign jurisdictions may not be passed through to, or used by, our holders as a foreign tax credit or otherwise. The Company could be subject to U.S. federal income tax rules intended to prevent or minimize the value of the deferral of the recognition by it of passive-type income of foreign entities in which it owns a direct or indirect interest. As a result, the Company could be required to recognize taxable income for U.S. federal income tax purposes prior to receiving cash distributions with respect to that income or, in certain circumstances, pay an interest charge on U.S. federal income tax that it is deemed to have deferred. The Company s foreign investments might also generate foreign currency gains and losses. Certain foreign currency gains may be excluded from gross income for purposes of one or both of the gross income tests, as discussed above. Refer above to the section entitled Requirements for Qualification Gross Income Tests. 
 Failure to Qualify 
 If the Company fails to satisfy one or more requirements for REIT qualification, other than the gross income tests and the asset tests, it could avoid disqualification if its failure is due to reasonable cause and not to willful neglect and the Company pays a penalty of 50,000 for each such failure. In addition, there are relief provisions for a failure of the gross income tests and asset 

97 

Table of Contents 

 tests, as described in the sections entitled Gross Income Tests Failure to Satisfy the Gross Income Tests and Asset Tests Failure to Satisfy the Asset Tests. 
 If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, and no relief provision applies, it would be subject to U.S. federal income tax on its taxable income at regular corporate rates. Additionally, for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022, we would possibly also be subject to certain taxes enacted by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 that are applicable to non-REIT corporations, including the nondeductible one percent excise tax on certain stock repurchases. In calculating its taxable income in a year in which it fails to qualify as a REIT, the Company would not be able to deduct amounts paid out to holders. In fact, the Company would not be required to distribute any amounts to holders in that year. In such event, to the extent of the Company s current and accumulated earnings and profits, distributions to most holders taxed at individual rates would generally be taxable at capital gains tax rates. For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, generally U.S. holders that are individuals, trusts or estates may deduct 20 of the aggregate amount of ordinary dividends distributed by us, subject to certain limitations. Alternatively, such dividends paid to U.S. holders that are individuals, trusts and estates may be taxable at the preferential income tax rates (i.e., the 20 maximum U.S. federal rate) for qualified dividends. In addition, subject to the limitations of the Code, corporate distributees may be eligible for the dividends-received deduction. 
 Unless the Company qualified for relief under specific statutory provisions, it also would be disqualified from taxation as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which it ceased to qualify as a REIT. The Company cannot predict whether in all circumstances it would qualify for such statutory relief. 
 Taxation of Holders of Class A Common Stock 
 Taxation of Taxable U.S. Holders. 
 The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations related to the ownership and disposition of stock applicable to U.S. holders . 
 Taxation of U.S. Holders on Distributions on Our Stock 
 As long as the Company qualifies as a REIT, a taxable U.S. holder must generally take into account as ordinary income distributions made out of the Company s current or accumulated earnings and profits that the Company does not designate as capital gain dividends or retained long-term capital gain. However, for tax years prior to 2026, generally U.S. holders that are individuals, trusts or estates may deduct 20 of the aggregate amount of ordinary dividends distributed by us, subject to certain limitations. For purposes of determining whether a distribution is made out of its current or accumulated earnings and profits, the Company s earnings and profits will be allocated first to its preferred stock dividends and then to its common stock dividends. 
 Dividends paid to U.S. holders will not qualify for the dividends-received deduction generally available to corporations. In addition, dividends paid to a U.S. holder generally will not qualify for the 20 tax rate for qualified dividend income. The maximum tax rate for qualified dividend income is 20 . Qualified dividend income generally includes dividends paid to U.S. holders taxed at individual rates by domestic C corporations and certain qualified foreign corporations. Because the Company will not generally be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of its REIT taxable income distributed to our holders (refer above to the section entitled Taxation of BrightSpire Capital, Inc. ), its dividends generally will not be eligible for the 20 rate on qualified dividend income. As a result, the Company s ordinary REIT dividends will be taxed at the higher tax rate applicable to ordinary income, which is currently a maximum rate of 37 . However, the 20 tax rate for qualified dividend income will apply to the Company s ordinary REIT dividends to the extent attributable: (i) to income retained by it in a prior non-REIT taxable year in which it or a predecessor was subject to corporate income tax (less the amount of tax); (ii) to dividends received by it from non-REIT corporations, such as domestic TRSs; and (iii) to the extent attributable to income upon which it has paid corporate income tax (e.g., to the extent that the Company distributes less than 100 of its net taxable income). In general, to qualify for the reduced tax rate on qualified dividend income, a holder must hold our stock for more than 60 days during the 121-day period beginning on the date that is 60 days before the date on which our stock becomes ex-dividend. In addition, dividends paid to certain individuals, trusts and estates whose income exceeds certain thresholds are subject to a 3.8 Medicare tax. 
 A U.S. holder generally will take into account as long-term capital gain any distributions that the Company designates as capital gain dividends without regard to the period for which the U.S. holder has held our stock. The Company generally will designate its capital gain dividends as either 20 or 25 rate distributions. Refer below to the section entitled Capital Gains and Losses. A corporate U.S. holder, however, may be required to treat up to 20 of certain capital gain dividends as ordinary income. 
 The Company may elect to retain and pay income tax on the net long-term capital gain that it receives in a taxable year. In that case, to the extent that the Company designates such amount in a timely notice to such holder, a U.S. holder would be treated as 

98 

Table of Contents 

 receiving its proportionate share of the Company s undistributed long-term capital gain and would receive a credit for its proportionate share of the tax the Company paid. The U.S. holder would increase the basis in its stock by the amount of its proportionate share of the Company s undistributed long-term capital gain, minus its share of the tax the Company paid. 
 To the extent that the Company makes a distribution in excess of its current and accumulated earnings and profits, such distribution will not be taxable to a U.S. holder to the extent that it does not exceed the adjusted tax basis of the U.S. holder s stock. Instead, such distribution will reduce the adjusted tax basis of such stock. To the extent that the Company makes a distribution in excess of both its current and accumulated earnings and profits and the U.S. holder s adjusted tax basis in its stock, such holder will recognize long-term capital gain or short-term capital gain if the stock has been held for one year or less, assuming the stock is a capital asset in the hands of the U.S. holder. In addition, if the Company declares a distribution in October, November or December of any year that is payable to a U.S. holder of record on a specified date in any such month, such distribution shall be treated as both paid by the Company and received by the U.S. holder on December 31 of such year, provided that the Company actually pays the distribution during January of the following calendar year. 
 Holders may not include in their individual income tax returns any of the Company s net operating losses or capital losses. Instead, the Company would carry over such losses for potential offset against the Company s future income. Under Section 172 of the Code, the Company s deduction for any net operating loss carryforwards arising from losses it sustains in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, is limited to 80 of its REIT taxable income (determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid), and any unused portion of losses arising in taxable years ending after December 31, 2017, may not be carried back, but may be carried forward indefinitely. 
 Taxable distributions from the Company and gain from the disposition of our stock will not be treated as passive activity income, and, therefore, holders generally will not be able to apply any passive activity losses, such as losses from certain types of limited partnerships in which the holder is a limited partner, against such income. In addition, taxable distributions from the Company and gain from the disposition of our stock generally may be treated as investment income for purposes of the investment interest limitations (although any capital gains so treated will not qualify for the lower 20 tax rate applicable to capital gains of U.S. holders taxed at individual rates). The Company will notify holders after the close of the Company s taxable year as to the portions of its distributions attributable to that year that constitute ordinary income, return of capital and capital gain. 
 If excess inclusion income from a TMP or REMIC residual interest is allocated to any U.S. holder, that income will be taxable in the hands of the U.S. holder and would not be offset by any net operating losses of the U.S. holder that would otherwise be available. Refer to the section entitled Requirements for Qualification Taxable Mortgage Pools. As required by IRS guidance, the Company intends to notify its U.S. holders if a portion of a dividend paid by it is attributable to excess inclusion income. 
 Taxation of U.S. Holders on the Disposition of BrightSpire Capital, Inc . s Stock 
 In general, a U.S. holder will realize gain or loss upon the sale, redemption or other taxable disposition of our stock in an amount equal to the difference between the sum of the fair market value of any property and the amount of cash received in such disposition and the U.S. holder s adjusted tax basis in the common stock at the time of the disposition. In general, a U.S. holder who is not a dealer in securities must treat any gain or loss realized upon a taxable disposition of our stock as long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. holder has held the stock for more than one year and otherwise as short-term capital gain or loss. However, a U.S. holder must treat any loss upon a sale or exchange of stock held by such holder for six months or less as a long-term capital loss to the extent of any actual or deemed distributions from the Company that such U.S. holder previously has characterized as long-term capital gain. All or a portion of any loss that a U.S. holder realizes upon a taxable disposition of the stock may be disallowed if the U.S. holder purchases other substantially identical shares of our stock within 30 days before or after the disposition (in which case, the basis of the shares acquired would be adjusted to reflect the disallowed loss). 
 Capital Gains and Losses 
 A taxpayer generally must hold a capital asset for more than one year for gain or loss derived from its sale or exchange to be treated as long-term capital gain or loss. The highest marginal individual income tax rate is currently 37 . However, the maximum tax rate on long-term capital gain applicable to U.S. holders taxed at individual rates is 20 . The maximum tax rate on long-term capital gain from the sale or exchange of Section 1250 property, or depreciable real property, is 25 computed on the lesser of the total amount of the gain or the accumulated Section 1250 depreciation. In addition, capital gains recognized by certain individuals, trusts and estates whose income exceeds certain thresholds are subject to a 3.8 Medicare tax. With respect to distributions that the Company designates as capital gain dividends and any retained capital gain that it is deemed to distribute, the Company generally may designate whether such a distribution is taxable to its U.S. holders taxed at individual rates at a 20 or 25 rate. Thus, the tax rate differential between capital gain and ordinary income for those taxpayers may be significant. In addition, the characterization of income as capital gain or ordinary income may affect the deductibility of capital 

99 

Table of Contents 

 losses. A non-corporate taxpayer may deduct capital losses not offset by capital gains against its ordinary income only up to a maximum annual amount of 3,000. A non-corporate taxpayer may carry forward unused capital losses indefinitely. A corporate taxpayer must pay tax on its net capital gain at ordinary corporate rates. A corporate taxpayer may deduct capital losses only to the extent of capital gains, with unused losses being carried back three years and forward five years. 
 Expansion of Medicare Tax 
 The Health Care and Reconciliation Act of 2010 requires that, in certain circumstances, certain U.S. holders that are individuals, estates, and trusts pay a 3.8 tax on net investment income, which includes, among other things, dividends on and gains from the sale or other disposition of REIT shares. The temporary 20 deduction allowed by Section 199A of the Code with respect to ordinary REIT dividends received by non-corporate taxpayers is allowed only for purposes of Chapter 1 of the Code and thus is apparently not allowed as a deduction allocable to such dividends for purposes of determining the amount of net investment income subject to the 3.8 Medicare tax, which is imposed under Chapter 2A of the Code. Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding this legislation. 
 Taxation of Tax-Exempt Holders 
 Tax-exempt entities, including qualified employee pension and profit-sharing trusts and individual retirement accounts and annuities, generally are exempt from U.S. federal income taxation. However, they are subject to taxation on their unrelated business taxable income, or UBTI. While many investments in real estate generate UBTI, the IRS has issued a published ruling that dividend distributions from a REIT to an exempt employee pension trust do not constitute UBTI, provided that the exempt employee pension trust does not otherwise use the shares of the REIT in an unrelated trade or business of the pension trust. Based on that ruling, amounts that the Company distributes to tax-exempt holders generally should not constitute UBTI. However, if a tax-exempt holder were to finance its investment in our stock with debt, a portion of the income that it receives from the Company would constitute UBTI pursuant to the debt-financed property rules. In addition, the Company s dividends that are attributable to excess inclusion income will constitute UBTI in the hands of most tax-exempt holders. Refer to the section entitled Requirements for Qualification Taxable Mortgage Pools. Furthermore, social clubs, voluntary employee benefit associations, supplemental unemployment benefit trusts and qualified group legal services plans that are exempt from taxation under special provisions of the U.S. federal income tax laws are subject to different UBTI rules, which generally will require them to characterize distributions that they receive from the Company as UBTI. Finally, in certain circumstances, a qualified employee pension or profit-sharing trust that owns more than 10 of our stock is required to treat a percentage of the dividends that it receives from the Company as UBTI if the Company is a pension-held REIT. Such percentage is equal to the gross income that the Company derives from an unrelated trade or business, determined as if the Company were a pension trust, divided by the Company s total gross income for the year in which the Company pays the dividends. That rule applies to a pension trust holding more than 10 of our stock only if: 
 the percentage of the Company s dividends that the tax-exempt trust would be required to treat as UBTI is at least 5 ; 
 the Company qualifies as a REIT by reason of the modification of the rule requiring that no more than 50 of our stock be owned by five or fewer individuals that allows the beneficiaries of the pension trust to be treated as holding our stock in proportion to its actuarial interests in the pension trust (refer to the section entitled Requirements for Qualification and 
 either: (i) one pension trust owns more than 25 of the value of our stock; or (ii) a group of pension trusts individually holding more than 10 of the value of our stock collectively owns more than 50 of the value of our stock. 
 Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders 
 The rules governing U.S. federal income taxation of non-U.S. holders of stock are complex. This section is only a summary of such rules. Non-U.S. holders are urged to consult their tax advisors to determine the impact of U.S. federal, state, local and foreign income tax laws on the ownership of our stock, including any reporting requirements. 
 A non-U.S. holder that receives a distribution that is not attributable to gain from the Company s sale or exchange of a United States Real Property Interests, or USRPI, and that the Company does not designate as a capital gain dividend or retained capital gain, will recognize ordinary income to the extent that the Company pays such distribution out of its current or accumulated earnings and profits. A withholding tax equal to 30 of the gross amount of the distribution ordinarily will apply to such distribution unless an applicable tax treaty reduces or eliminates the tax. The Company s dividends that are attributable to excess inclusion income will be subject to the 30 withholding tax, without reduction for any otherwise applicable income tax treaty. Refer to the section entitled Requirements for Qualification Taxable Mortgage Pools. If a distribution is treated as effectively connected with the non-U.S. holder s conduct of a U.S. trade or business, the non-U.S. holder generally will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the distribution at graduated rates, in the same manner as U.S. holders are taxed with respect to such distribution, and a non-U.S. holder that is a corporation also may be subject to the 30 branch profits tax with 

100 

Table of Contents 

 respect to the distribution. The Company plans to withhold U.S. income tax at the rate of 30 on the gross amount of any such distribution paid to a non-U.S. holder unless either: 
 a lower treaty rate applies and the non-U.S. holder provides an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E to the Company evidencing eligibility for that reduced rate; or 
 the non-U.S. holder files an IRS Form W-8ECI with the Company claiming that the distribution is effectively connected income. 
 A non-U.S. holder will not incur tax on a distribution in excess of the Company s current and accumulated earnings and profits if the excess portion of such distribution does not exceed the holder s adjusted basis of its stock. Instead, the excess portion of such distribution will reduce the adjusted basis of such stock. A non-U.S. holder will be subject to tax on a distribution that exceeds both the Company s current and accumulated earnings and profits and the holder s adjusted basis of its stock, if the non-U.S. holder otherwise would be subject to tax on gain from the sale or disposition of its stock, as described below. Because the Company generally cannot determine at the time it makes a distribution whether the distribution will exceed its current and accumulated earnings and profits, the Company normally will withhold tax on the entire amount of any distribution at the same rate as it would withhold on a dividend. However, a non-U.S. holder may claim a refund of amounts that the Company withholds if the Company later determines that a distribution in fact exceeded the Company s current and accumulated earnings and profits. 
 If the Company is treated as a United States real property holding corporation, as described below, it will be required to withhold 15 of any distribution that exceeds its current and accumulated earnings and profits. Consequently, although the Company intends to withhold at a rate of 30 on the entire amount of any distribution, to the extent that it does not do so, the Company may withhold at a rate of 15 on any portion of a distribution not subject to withholding at a rate of 30 . 
 For any year in which the Company qualifies as a REIT, a non-U.S. holder will incur tax on distributions that are attributable to gain from the Company s sale or exchange of a USRPI under Foreign Investment in Real Property, or FIRPTA. A USRPI includes certain interests in real property and stock in United States real property holding corporations, which are corporations at least 50 of whose assets consist of interests in real property. Under FIRPTA, a non-U.S. holder is taxed on distributions attributable to gain from sales of USRPIs as if such gain were effectively connected with a U.S. business of the non-U.S. holder. A non-U.S. holder thus would be taxed on such a distribution at the normal capital gains rates applicable to U.S. holders, subject to applicable alternative minimum tax and a special alternative minimum tax in the case of a nonresident alien individual. A non-U.S. corporate holder not entitled to treaty relief or an exemption also may be subject to the 30 branch profits tax on such a distribution. The Company must withhold 21 of any distribution that it could designate as a capital gain dividend. A non-U.S. holder may receive a credit against its tax liability for the amount the Company withholds. 
 Capital gain distributions to a non-U.S. holder that are attributable to the Company s sale of real property will be treated as ordinary dividends rather than as gain from the sale of a USRPI, as long as: (i) (A) such class of our stock is regularly traded on an established securities market in the United States; and (B) the non-U.S. holder did not own more than 10 of the applicable class of our stock at any time during the one-year period prior to the distribution; or (ii) the non-U.S. holder was treated as a qualified shareholder as discussed below. As a result, non-U.S. holders owning 10 or less of the applicable class of our stock that is regularly traded generally will be subject to withholding tax on such capital gain distributions in the same manner as they are subject to withholding tax on ordinary dividends. If a class of our stock is not regularly traded on an established securities market in the United States or the non-U.S. holder owned more than 10 of our stock at any time during the one-year period prior to the distribution, capital gain distributions that are attributable to the Company s sale of real property would be subject to tax under FIRPTA, as described in the preceding paragraph. Moreover, if a non-U.S. holder disposes of our stock during the 30-day period preceding a dividend payment, and such non-U.S. holder (or a person related to such non-U.S. holder) acquires or enters into a contract or option to acquire our stock within 61 days of the first day of the 30-day period described above, and any portion of such dividend payment would, but for the disposition, be treated as a USRPI capital gain to such non-U.S. holder, then such non-U.S. holder shall be treated as having USRPI capital gain in an amount that, but for the disposition, would have been treated as USRPI capital gain. 

101 

Table of Contents 

 Although the law is not clear on the matter, it appears that amounts the Company designates as retained capital gains in respect of the stock held by U.S. holders generally should be treated with respect to non-U.S. holders in the same manner as actual distributions by the Company of capital gain dividends. Under this approach, a non-U.S. holder would be able to offset as a credit against its U.S. federal income tax liability its proportionate share of the tax paid by the Company on such retained capital gains, and to receive from the IRS a refund to the extent the non-U.S. holder s proportionate share of such tax paid by the Company exceeds its actual U.S. federal income tax liability, provided that the non-U.S. holder furnishes required information to the IRS on a timely basis, which may require the filing of a tax return with the IRS. 
 A non-U.S. holder generally will not incur tax under FIRPTA with respect to gain realized upon a disposition of our stock as long as the Company: (i) is not a United States real property holding corporation during a specified testing period; or (ii) is a domestically controlled qualified investment entity. A domestically controlled qualified investment entity includes a REIT, less than 50 of the value of which is held directly or indirectly by foreign persons at all times during a specified testing period. The Company believes that it will be a domestically controlled qualified investment entity, but because our stock will be publicly traded, it cannot assure you that it in fact will be a domestically controlled qualified investment entity. However, even if the Company was a United States real property holding corporation and it was not a domestically controlled qualified investment entity, a non-U.S. holder that owned, actually or constructively, 10 or less of the applicable class of our stock at all times during a specified testing period would not incur tax under FIRPTA if that class of our stock is regularly traded on an established securities market. Because the Company s common and preferred stock will be regularly traded on an established securities market, a non-U.S. holder will not incur tax under FIRPTA with respect to any such gain unless it owns, actually or constructively, more than 10 of the applicable class of our stock. If the gain on the sale of our stock were taxed under FIRPTA, a non-U.S. holder would be taxed in the same manner as U.S. holders with respect to such gain, subject to applicable alternative minimum tax or a special alternative minimum tax in the case of nonresident alien individuals. Furthermore, a non-U.S. holder will incur tax on gain not subject to FIRPTA if: (i) the gain is effectively connected with the non-U.S. holder s U.S. trade or business, in which case the non-U.S. holder will be subject to the same treatment as U.S. holders with respect to such gain; or (ii) the non-U.S. holder is a nonresident alien individual who was present in the United States for 183 days or more during the taxable year and has a tax home in the United States, in which case the non-U.S. holder will incur a 30 tax on his capital gains. 
 Qualified Shareholders 
 Subject to the exception discussed below, any distribution to a qualified shareholder, as defined below, who holds our stock directly or indirectly (through one or more partnerships) will not be subject to U.S. tax as income effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business and thus will not be subject to special withholding rules under FIRPTA. While a qualified shareholder will not be subject to FIRPTA withholding on REIT distributions, certain investors of a qualified shareholder (i.e., non-U.S. persons who hold interests in the qualified shareholder (other than interests solely as a creditor), and hold more than 10 of our stock (whether or not by reason of the investor s ownership in the qualified shareholder )) may be subject to FIRPTA withholding. 
 In addition, a sale of our stock by a qualified shareholder who holds such stock directly or indirectly (through one or more partnerships) will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxation under FIRPTA. As with distributions, certain investors of a qualified shareholder (i.e., non-U.S. persons who hold interests in the qualified shareholder (other than interests solely as a creditor), and hold more than 10 of our stock (whether or not by reason of the investor s ownership in the qualified shareholder )) may be subject to FIRPTA withholding on a sale of our stock. 
 A qualified shareholder is a foreign person that: (i) either is eligible for the benefits of a comprehensive income tax treaty which includes an exchange of information program and whose principal class of interests is listed and regularly traded on one or more recognized stock exchanges (as defined in such comprehensive income tax treaty), or is a foreign partnership that is created or organized under foreign law as a limited partnership in a jurisdiction that has an agreement for the exchange of information with respect to taxes with the United States and has a class of limited partnership units representing greater than 50 of the value of all the partnership units that are regularly traded on the NYSE or NASDAQ markets; (ii) is a qualified collective investment vehicle, as defined below; and (iii) maintains records on the identity of each person who, at any time during the foreign person s taxable year, is the direct owner of 5 or more of the class of interests or units, as applicable, described in (i), above. 
 A qualified collective investment vehicle is a foreign person that: (i) would be eligible for a reduced rate of withholding under the comprehensive income tax treaty described above, even if such entity holds more than 10 of the stock of such REIT; (ii) is publicly traded, is treated as a partnership under the Code, is a withholding foreign partnership, and would be treated as a United States real property holding corporation if it were a domestic corporation; or (iii) is designated as such by the Secretary of the Treasury and is either (A) fiscally transparent within the meaning of Section 894 of the Code or (B) required to include dividends in its gross income, but is entitled to a deduction for distributions to its investors. 

102 

Table of Contents 

 Qualified Foreign Pension Funds 
 Any distribution to a qualified foreign pension fund (or an entity all of the interests of which are held by a qualified foreign pension fund who holds our stock directly or indirectly (through one or more partnerships) will not be subject to U.S. tax as income effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business and thus will not be subject to special withholding rules under FIRPTA. In addition, a sale of our stock by a qualified foreign pension fund that holds such stock directly or indirectly (through one or more partnerships) will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxation under FIRPTA. 
 A qualified foreign pension fund is any trust, corporation or other organization or arrangement: (i) which is created or organized under the law of a country other than the United States; (ii) which is established to provide retirement or pension benefits to participants or beneficiaries that are current or former employees (or persons designated by such employees) of one or more employers in consideration for services rendered; (iii) which does not have a single participant or beneficiary with a right to more than 5 of its assets or income; (iv) which is subject to government regulation and provides annual information reporting about its beneficiaries to the relevant tax authorities in the country in which it is established or operates; and (v) with respect to which, under the laws of the country in which it is established or operates, (A) contributions to such organization or arrangement that would otherwise be subject to tax under such laws are deductible or excluded from the gross income of such entity or taxed at a reduced rate or (B) taxation of any investment income of such organization or arrangement is deferred or such income is taxed at a reduced rate. 
 FATCA Withholding 
 Under the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, or FATCA, a U.S. withholding tax at a 30 rate will be imposed on dividends paid on our stock received by certain non-U.S. holders if certain disclosure requirements related to U.S. accounts or ownership are not satisfied. In addition, if those disclosure requirements are not satisfied, a U.S. withholding tax at a 30 rate will be imposed on proceeds from the sale of our stock received after December 31, 2018, by certain non-U.S. holders (subject to the proposed Treasury Regulations discussed below). If payment of withholding taxes is required, non-U.S. holders that are otherwise eligible for an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. withholding taxes with respect to such dividends and proceeds will be required to seek a refund from the IRS to obtain the benefit of such exemption or reduction. The Company will not pay any additional amounts in respect of any amounts withheld. 
 While withholding under FATCA would have applied to payments of gross proceeds from the sale or disposition of our stock received after December 31, 2018, proposed Treasury Regulations eliminate FATCA withholding on payments of gross proceeds entirely. Taxpayers generally may rely on these proposed Treasury Regulations until final Treasury Regulations are issued. 
 Information Reporting Requirements and Backup Withholding; Shares Held Offshore 
 The Company will report to its holders and to the IRS the amount of distributions it pays during each calendar year, and the amount of tax it withholds, if any. Under the backup withholding rules, a holder may be subject to backup withholding at a rate of 28 with respect to distributions unless the holder: 
 is a corporation or qualifies for certain other exempt categories and, when required, demonstrates this fact; or 
 provides a taxpayer identification number, certifies as to no loss of exemption from backup withholding, and otherwise complies with the applicable requirements of the backup withholding rules. 
 A holder who does not provide the Company with its correct taxpayer identification number also may be subject to penalties imposed by the IRS. Any amount paid as backup withholding will be creditable against the holder s income tax liability. In addition, the Company may be required to withhold a portion of capital gain distributions to any U.S. holders who fail to certify their non-foreign status to the Company. 
 Backup withholding will generally not apply to payments of dividends made by the Company or its paying agents, in their capacities as such, to a non-U.S. holder, provided that the non-U.S. holder furnishes to the Company or its paying agent the required certification as to its non-U.S. status, such as providing a valid IRS Form W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E or W-8ECI, or certain other requirements are met. Notwithstanding the foregoing, backup withholding may apply if either the Company or its paying agent has actual knowledge, or reason to know, that the holder is a U.S. person that is not an exempt recipient. Payments of the net proceeds from a disposition or a redemption effected outside the United States by a non-U.S. holder made by or through a foreign office of a broker generally will not be subject to information reporting or backup withholding. However, information reporting (but not backup withholding) generally will apply to such a payment if the broker has certain connections with the U.S. unless the broker has documentary evidence in its records that the beneficial owner is a non-U.S. holder and specified conditions are met or an exemption is otherwise established. Payment of the net proceeds from a disposition by a non-U.S. holder of our stock made by or through the U.S. office of a broker is generally subject to information reporting and backup 

103 

Table of Contents 

 withholding unless the non-U.S. holder certifies under penalties of perjury that it is not a U.S. person and satisfies certain other requirements or otherwise establishes an exemption from information reporting and backup withholding. 
 Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules may be refunded or credited against the holder s U.S. federal income tax liability if certain required information is furnished to the IRS. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding application of backup withholding to them and the availability of, and procedure for obtaining an exemption from, backup withholding. 
 Under FATCA, a U.S. withholding tax at a 30 rate will be imposed on dividends paid on our stock received by U.S. holders who own their stock through foreign accounts or foreign intermediaries if certain disclosure requirements related to U.S. accounts or ownership are not satisfied. The Company will not pay any additional amounts in respect of any amounts withheld. 
 Other Tax Consequences 
 Tax Aspects of BrightSpire Capital, Inc. s Investments in the Operating Partnership and the Subsidiary Partnerships 
 The following discussion summarizes certain U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to the Company s direct or indirect investments in the Company s Operating Partnership and any subsidiary partnerships or limited liability companies that the Company forms or acquires interests in and that are treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes (individually, Partnership and, collectively, as the Partnerships ). The discussion does not cover state or local tax laws or any U.S. federal tax laws other than income tax laws. The Company will include in its income its proportionate share of Partnership items of income, gain, loss, deduction or credit for purposes of the REIT income tests, and will include its proportionate share of assets held by the Partnerships based on its capital interest in such partnerships (other than for purposes of the 10 value test, for which the determination of our interest in partnership assets will be based on our proportionate interest in any securities issued by the partnership, other than certain securities specifically excluded under the Code). The Company s interest in a Partnership is calculated based on either the Company s percentage ownership of the capital of the Partnership or based on the allocations provided in the applicable partnership or limited liability company agreement, using the more conservative calculation. Consequently, to the extent that the Company holds an equity interest in a Partnership, the Partnership s assets and operations may affect its ability to qualify as a REIT, even though the Company may have no control, or have only limited influence, over the Partnership. 
 Classification as Partnerships . The Company is entitled to include in its income its distributive share of each Partnership s income and to deduct its distributive share of each Partnership s losses only if such Partnership is classified for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a partnership (or an entity that is disregarded for U.S. federal income tax purposes if the entity has only one owner or member) rather than as a corporation or an association taxable as a corporation. An unincorporated domestic entity with at least two owners or members will be classified as a partnership, rather than as a corporation, for U.S. federal income tax purposes if it: 
 is treated as a partnership under the Treasury Regulations relating to entity classification or the check-the-box regulations, as described below; and 
 is not a publicly traded partnership, as defined below. 
 Under the check-the-box regulations, an unincorporated domestic entity with at least two owners or members may elect to be classified either as an association taxable as a corporation or as a partnership. If such an entity fails to make an election, it generally will be treated as a partnership (or as an entity that is disregarded for U.S. federal income tax purposes if the entity has only one owner or member) for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Each Partnership intends to be classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and no Partnership will elect to be treated as an association taxable as a corporation under the check-the-box regulations. 
 A publicly traded partnership is a partnership whose interests are traded on an established securities market or are readily tradable on a secondary market or the substantial equivalent thereof. A publicly traded partnership will not, however, be treated as a corporation for any taxable year if, for each taxable year beginning after December 31, 1987 in which it was classified as a publicly traded partnership, 90 or more of the partnership s gross income for such year consists of certain passive-type income, including real property rents, gains from the sale or other disposition of real property, interest and dividends, or the 90 passive income exception. Treasury Regulations provide additional limited safe harbors from the definition of a publicly traded partnership. Pursuant to the private placement exclusion safe harbor, interests in a partnership will not be treated as readily tradable on a secondary market or the substantial equivalent thereof if: (i) all interests in the partnership were issued in a transaction or transactions that were not required to be registered under the Securities Act; and (ii) the partnership does not have more than 100 partners at any time during the partnership s taxable year. In determining the number of partners in a partnership, a person owning an interest in a partnership, grantor trust or S corporation that owns an interest in the partnership is treated as a partner in such partnership only if: (i) substantially all of the value of the owner s interest in the entity is attributable to the 

104 

Table of Contents 

 entity s direct or indirect interest in the partnership; and (ii) a principal purpose of the use of the entity is to permit the partnership to satisfy the 100-partner limitation. Each Partnership is expected to qualify for treatment as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes pursuant to the 90 passive income exception or the private placement safe harbor. The Company has not requested, and does not intend to request, a ruling from the IRS that the Partnerships will be classified as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 If, for any reason, a Partnership in which the Company owned more than 10 of the equity were taxable as a corporation, rather than as a partnership, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Company likely would not be able to qualify as a REIT unless it qualified for certain relief provisions. Refer to the sections entitled Requirements for Qualification Gross Income Tests and Requirements for Qualification Asset Tests. In addition, any change in a Partnership s status for tax purposes might be treated as a taxable event, in which case the Company might incur tax liability without any related cash distribution. Refer to the section entitled Requirements for Qualification Distribution Requirements. Further, items of income and deduction of such Partnership would not pass through to its partners, and its partners would be treated as holders for tax purposes. Consequently, such Partnership would be required to pay income tax at corporate rates on its net income and distributions to its partners would constitute dividends that would not be deductible in computing such Partnership s taxable income. 
 Income Taxation of the Partnerships and their Partners 
 Partners, Not the Partnerships, Subject to Tax . A partnership generally is not a taxable entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Rather, the Company is required to take into account its allocable share of each Partnership s income, gains, losses, deductions and credits for any taxable year of such Partnership ending within or with the Company s taxable year, without regard to whether the Company has received or will receive any distribution from such Partnership. For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, however, the tax liability for adjustments to a Partnership s tax returns made as a result of an audit by the IRS will be imposed on the Partnership itself in certain circumstances absent an election to the contrary. 
 Partnership Allocations . Although a partnership agreement generally will determine the allocation of income and losses among partners, such allocations will be disregarded for tax purposes if they do not comply with the provisions of the U.S. federal income tax laws governing partnership allocations. If an allocation is not recognized for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the item subject to the allocation will be reallocated in accordance with the partners interests in the partnership, which will be determined by taking into account all of the facts and circumstances relating to the economic arrangement of the partners with respect to such item. Each Partnership s allocations of taxable income, gain and loss are intended to comply with the requirements of the U.S. federal income tax laws governing partnership allocations. 
 Tax Allocations With Respect to Contributed Properties . Income, gain, loss and deduction attributable to appreciated or depreciated property that is contributed to a partnership in a tax-deferred transaction or contributed property in exchange for an interest in the partnership must be allocated in a manner such that the contributing partner is charged with, or benefits from, respectively, the unrealized gain or unrealized loss associated with the property at the time of the contribution. The amount of such unrealized gain or unrealized loss, or built-in gain or built-in loss, respectively, is generally equal to the difference between the fair market value of the contributed property at the time of contribution and the adjusted tax basis of such property at the time of contribution, or a book-tax difference. Such allocations are solely for U.S. federal income tax purposes and do not affect the book capital accounts or other economic or legal arrangements among the partners. The U.S. Treasury Department has issued regulations requiring partnerships to use a reasonable method for allocating items with respect to which there is a book-tax difference and outlining several reasonable allocation methods. 
 Basis in Partnership Interest . The Company s adjusted tax basis in any Partnership generally is equal to: 
 the amount of cash and the basis of any other property contributed by the Company to the Partnership; 
 increased by the Company s allocable share of the Partnership s income and its allocable share of indebtedness of the Partnership; and 
 reduced, but not below zero, by the Company s allocable share of the Partnership s loss and the amount of cash distributed to the Company and by constructive distributions resulting from a reduction in the Company s share of indebtedness of the Partnership. 
 If the allocation of the Company s distributive share of the Partnership s loss would reduce the adjusted tax basis of the Company s partnership interest below zero, the recognition of such loss will be deferred until such time as the recognition of such loss would not reduce the Company s adjusted tax basis below zero. To the extent that the Partnership s distributions or any decrease in the Company s share of the indebtedness of the Partnership, which is considered a constructive cash distribution to the partners, would reduce the Company s adjusted tax basis below zero, such distributions or decreases will 

105 

Table of Contents 

 constitute taxable income to the Company. Such distributions and constructive distributions normally will be characterized as long-term capital gain. 
 Depreciation Deductions Available to Partnerships . The initial tax basis of property is the amount of cash and the basis of property given as consideration for the property. The Partnership s initial basis in contributed properties acquired in exchange for units of the Partnership should be the same as the transferor s basis in such properties on the date of acquisition. Although the law is not entirely clear, the Partnership generally will depreciate such property for U.S. federal income tax purposes over the same remaining useful lives and under the same methods used by the transferors. The Partnership s tax depreciation deductions will be allocated among the partners in accordance with their respective interests in the Partnership, except to the extent that the Partnership is required under the U.S. federal income tax laws governing partnership allocations to use another method for allocating tax depreciation deductions attributable to contributed or revalued properties, which could result in the Company receiving a disproportionate share of such deductions. 
 Legislative or Other Actions Affecting REITs 
 This discussion is based upon the provision of the Code, the Treasury Regulations and administrative and judicial interpretations thereof, all as of the date thereof. Those authorities may be changed, perhaps retroactively, so as to result in U.S. federal income tax consequences (including applicable tax rates) different from those summarized herein. The Company cannot give you any assurances as to whether, or in what form, any proposals affecting REITs or their holders will be enacted. Changes to the U.S. federal tax laws and interpretations thereof could adversely affect an investment in the Company s stock. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the effect of potential changes to the U.S. federal tax laws and on an investment in our stock. 
 State, Local and Foreign Taxes 
 The Company and/or you may be subject to taxation by various states, localities and foreign jurisdictions, including those in which the Company or a holder transacts business, owns property or resides. The state, local and foreign tax treatment may differ from the U.S. federal income tax treatment described above. Consequently, you are urged to consult your tax advisors regarding the effect of state, local and foreign tax laws upon an investment in our stock. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 

106 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 The information required by Item 10 is hereby incorporated by reference to the definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information required by Item 11 is hereby incorporated by reference to the definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by Item 12 is hereby incorporated by reference to the definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by Item 13 is hereby incorporated by reference to the definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The information required by Item 14 is hereby incorporated by reference to the definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

107 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a)(1) and (2). Financial Statement and Schedules of BrightSpire Capital, Inc. 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Auditor ID 
 F-2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 F-7 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-9 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 10 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 F- 12 
 1. Business and Organization 
 F- 12 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 F- 12 
 3. Loans and Preferred Equity Held for Investment, net 
 F- 27 
 4. Real Estate Securities 
 F - 30 
 5. Real Estate, net and Real Estate Held for Sale 
 F- 32 
 6. Deferred Leasing Costs and Other Intangibles 
 F- 34 
 7. Restricted Cash, Other Assets and Accrued and Other Liabilities 
 F- 35 
 8. Debt 
 F- 37 
 9. Related Party Arrangements 
 F- 41 
 10. Equity-Based Compensation 
 F- 42 
 11. Stockholders Equity 
 F- 44 
 12. Noncontrolling Interests 
 F- 46 
 13. Fair Value 
 F - 46 
 14. Derivatives 
 F- 50 
 15. Income Taxes 
 F- 52 
 16. Commitment and Contingencies 
 F- 54 
 17. Segment Reporting 
 F- 55 
 18. Earnings Per Share 
 F- 59 
 19. Restructuring Charges 
 F- 59 
 20. Subsequent Events 
 F- 59 
 Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation as of December 31, 2022 
 F- 60 
 Schedule IV Mortgage Loans on Real Estate as of December 31, 2022 
 F- 62 

All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 (a)(3) Exhibits 
 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of BrightSpire Capital, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of BrightSpire Capital, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedules listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 21, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

F-2 

Table of Contents 

Allowance for Loan Losses 
 Description of the Matter 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s loans and preferred equity held for investment portfolio and the associated allowance for loan loss totaled 3.6 billion and 106.3 million, respectively. These investments are typically collateralized by commercial real estate. As described in Note 2, the Company establishes a provision at origination or acquisition that reflects management s estimate of the total expected credit loss over the expected life of the loan or preferred equity investment. The Company reassesses the allowance for loan losses for all the loans and preferred equity held for investment at each balance sheet date. The allowance for credit losses on mortgage loan receivables held for investments that share similar characteristics includes a portfolio-based, current expected credit loss CECL component general CECL reserve and an asset-specific component specific CECL reserve ). In estimating the expected credit losses over the expected life of the investments for the general CECL reserve, management utilizes a third-party probability of default and loss given default methodology, which considers projected economic conditions over the reasonable and supportable forecast period. The Company also considers qualitative factors in its determination of the allowance for loan losses. The specific CECL reserve relates to reserves for losses on individually impaired loans. Management considers a loan to be impaired when it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the full payment of principal and interest on the instrument. If the loan is considered to be impaired, the Company may elect to use the practical expedient, and an allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying value of the loan to the fair value of the collateral at the reporting date. In estimating the fair value of the collateral, the Company applies discounted cash flow methodology. 
 Auditing the allowance for loan loss on loans and preferred equity held for investment portfolio was especially subjective due to the complexity of the models and the judgmental nature of the significant assumptions used in the determination of management s estimates, including certain macro-economic variables, current and stabilized fair values, the stabilized net operating income of the underlying collateral, rents per square foot, capitalization rates, and discount rates. These assumptions have a significant effect on the allowance for loan loss. 
 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s processes to estimate the allowance for loan losses on its loans and preferred equity held for investment, including management s review of the significant assumptions described above, the completeness and accuracy of key inputs used in both the general CECL reserve model and discounted cash flow model utilized to estimate the specific CECL reserve. 
 To test the general CECL reserve, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, evaluating the appropriateness of the methodology, model, and significant assumptions described above and testing the completeness and accuracy of the data used. With the assistance of our internal specialists and other professionals, we evaluated the appropriateness of the probability of default and loss given default methodology used to estimate the allowance and assessed the underlying macroeconomic variables used in the model. We reviewed the sensitivity analyses prepared by management and compared management s significant assumptions to relevant information from external sources. For a sample of loans, we involved our internal real estate valuation professionals to assist us in performing procedures to corroborate the reasonableness of current and stabilized fair values and stabilized net operating income of the underlying collateral utilized in developing the general CECL reserve. We also evaluated the reasonableness of qualitative adjustments made by management based on the fair value of the underlying collateral. For all specific CECL reserves, with the assistance of our internal specialists, we reviewed the methodologies and significant assumptions used to derive management s estimate of the fair value of the collateral. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

February 21, 2023 

F-4 

Table of Contents 

 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Loans and preferred equity held for investment Current expected credit loss reserve ) ) Loans and preferred equity held for investment, net Real estate, net Receivables, net Deferred leasing costs and intangible assets, net Assets held for sale Other assets and at fair value, respectively) 
 Mortgage loans held in securitization trusts, at fair value Total assets Liabilities Securitization bonds payable, net Mortgage and other notes payable, net Credit facilities Accrued and other liabilities Intangible liabilities, net Escrow deposits payable Dividends payable Mortgage obligations issued by securitization trusts, at fair value Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) Equity Stockholders equity Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Common stock, par value per share 
 Class A, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests in investment entities Noncontrolling interests in the Operating Partnership Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-5 

Table of Contents 

 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in Thousands) 
 The following table presents assets and liabilities of securitization trusts and certain real estate properties that have noncontrolling interests as variable interest entities for which the Company is determined to be the primary beneficiary. 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Loans and preferred equity held for investment, net Real estate, net Receivables, net Deferred leasing costs and intangible assets, net Other assets Mortgage loans held in securitization trusts, at fair value Total assets Liabilities Securitization bonds payable, net Mortgage and other notes payable, net Accrued and other liabilities Intangible liabilities, net Escrow deposits payable Mortgage obligations issued by securitization trusts, at fair value Total liabilities 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-6 

Table of Contents 

 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in Thousands, Except Per Share Data) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net interest income Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income on mortgage loans held in securitization trusts Interest expense on mortgage obligations issued by securitization trusts ) ) ) Net interest income Property and other income Property operating income Other income Total property and other income Expenses Management fee expense Property operating expense Transaction, investment and servicing expense Interest expense on real estate Depreciation and amortization Increase (decrease) of current expected credit loss reserve ) Impairment of operating real estate Compensation and benefits (including , and of equity-based compensation expense, respectively) 
 Operating expense Restructuring charges Total expenses Other income Unrealized gain (loss) on mortgage loans and obligations held in securitization trusts, net ) Realized loss on mortgage loans and obligations held in securitization trusts, net ) ) Other gain (loss), net ) Income (loss) before equity in earnings of unconsolidated ventures and income taxes ) Equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated ventures ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests: Investment entities Operating Partnership ) Net income (loss) attributable to BrightSpire Capital, Inc. common stockholders ) ) Net income (loss) per common share - basic (Note 18) 
 ) Net income (loss) per common share - diluted (Note 18) 
 ) ) Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - basic (Note 18) 
 Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - diluted (Note 18) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-7 

Table of Contents 

 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (in Thousands) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Unrealized loss on real estate securities, available for sale ) ) Change in fair value of net investment hedges ) Foreign currency translation gain (loss) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests: Investment entities Operating Partnership ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to common stockholders ) ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (in Thousands) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Stockholders Equity Noncontrolling Interests in Investment Entities Noncontrolling Interests in the Operating Partnership Total Equity Class A Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2019 ) Contributions Distributions ) ) Issuance and amortization of equity-based compensation Other comprehensive income Dividends and distributions declared per share) 
 ) ) ) ) Shares canceled for tax withholding on vested stock awards ) ) ) ) ) Reallocation of equity ) Costs of noncontrolling equity ) ) ) Investment by JV partner in consolidated JV and equity reallocation related to that partner's return ) ) Effect of CECL Adoption 
 ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) Contributions Distributions ) ) Issuance and amortization of equity-based compensation Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) ) Dividends and distributions declared per share) 
 ) ) ) ) Shares canceled for tax withholding on vested stock awards ) ) ) ) ) Reallocation of equity ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) Distributions ) ) Issuance and amortization of equity-based compensation Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Share forfeitures ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Dividends and distributions declared 0.79 per share) ) ) ) ) Shares canceled for tax withholding on vested stock awards ) ) ) ) ) OP redemption ) ) Reallocation of equity ) ) Net income (loss) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 

 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in Thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Equity in (earnings) losses of unconsolidated ventures ) Depreciation and amortization Straight-line rental income ) ) ) Amortization of above/below market lease values, net ) ) ) Amortization of premium/accretion of discount and fees on investments and borrowings, net ) ) ) Amortization of deferred financing costs Amortization of right-of-use lease assets and operating lease liabilities Paid-in-kind interest added to loan principal, net of interest received ) Distributions of cumulative earnings from unconsolidated ventures Unrealized (gain) loss on mortgage loans and obligations held in securitization trusts, net ) ) Realized (gain) loss on mortgage loans and obligations held in securitization trusts, net Realized loss on securities from write-down to fair value Realized (gain) loss on sale of real estate securities, available for sale ) Designated hedges and foreign currency translation reclassified to earnings ) Realized gain on sale of real estate ) ) ) Realized loss on sale of loans receivable Increase (decrease) of current expected credit loss reserve ) Impairment of operating real estate Amortization of equity-based compensation Mortgage notes above/below market value amortization ) Realized gain on sales of unconsolidated ventures ) ) Deferred income tax benefit ) ) ) Other (gain) loss, net ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Receivables, net ) ) Deferred costs and other assets ) Due to related party ) ) Other liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisition, origination and funding of loans held for investment, net ) ) ) Repayment on loans held for investment Repayment on loans held for sale Proceeds from sale of real estate Acquisition of and additions to real estate, related intangibles and leasing commissions ) ) ) Investments in unconsolidated ventures ) ) Proceeds from sale of investments in unconsolidated ventures Distributions in excess of cumulative earnings from unconsolidated ventures Repayment of real estate securities, available for sale, from sales Repayment of real estate securities, available for sale, from cost recovery Repayment of principal in mortgage loans held in securitization trusts Proceeds from sale of beneficial interests of securitization trusts Net receipts on settlement of derivative instruments Change in escrow deposits ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Distributions paid on common stock ) ) ) Distributions paid on common stock to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Shares canceled for tax withholding on vested stock awards ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) Redemption of OP units ) Borrowings from mortgage notes Repayment of mortgage notes ) ) ) Borrowings from credit facilities Repayment of credit facilities ) ) ) Borrowing from securitization bonds Repayment of securitization bonds ) Repayment of mortgage obligations issued by securitization trusts ) ) ) Payment of deferred financing costs ) ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Forfeiture of stock awards ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash - beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash - end of period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 

 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 
 (in Thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash to consolidated balance sheets Beginning of the period Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period End of the period Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid (received) for income taxes, net ) Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: Deconsolidation of securitization trust (VIE asset/liability reductions) ) ) Deconsolidation of interest in joint ventures ) Accrual of distribution payable ) Right-of-use lease assets and operating lease liabilities ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 
 of the OP, as its sole managing member. The remaining was owned as noncontrolling interests. During the three months ended June 30, 2022, the Company redeemed the of outstanding membership units in the OP for million. Following this redemption, there were no noncontrolling interests in the OP. 
 Trends Affecting the Business 
 Global markets in 2022 were characterized by volatility, driven by a tightening of monetary policy and geopolitical uncertainty, coupled with the ongoing impacts of COVID-19. In response to heightened inflation, the Federal Reserve continues to raise interest rates, which has tempered the loan financing market and created further uncertainty for the economy and for the Company s borrowers and tenants. To the extent certain borrowers are experiencing significant financial dislocation as a result of economic conditions or the ongoing effects of COVID-19, the Company may continue to consider the use of interest and other reserves and/or replenishment obligations of the borrower and/or guarantors to meet current interest payment obligations for a limited period. Additionally, the market for office properties was particularly negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and remains distressed, with high overall vacancy rates due to the normalization of work from home and the hybrid attendance models. 
 As a result of fewer employees commuting to their offices, businesses are re-evaluating their need for physical office space. These current macroeconomic conditions may continue or intensify and could cause the United States economy or other global economies to experience an economic slowdown or recession. While the Company monitors macroeconomic conditions closely, there are too many uncertainties to predict and quantify the full impact that these factors may have on our business. 
 
 2. 

F-12 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Restructuring Charges 
 On April 4, 2021, the Company entered into the termination agreement (the Termination Agreement with its former external manager (the Manager ), a subsidiary of DigitalBridge Group, Inc. DigitalBridge whereby its management agreement (the Management Agreement terminated on April 30, 2021. The termination of the Management Agreement resulted in a material change in the management structure of the Company, and was accounted for under ASC 420, Exit or disposal cost obligations. The one-time payment made during the three months ended March 31, 2021 to the Manager under the Termination Agreement, and other associated costs, were recorded within restructuring charges on the consolidated statement of operations. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 to . These noncontrolling interests do not have substantive kick-out nor participating rights. 
 Investing VIEs 
 The Company s previous investments in securitization financing entities Investing VIEs included subordinate first-loss tranches of securitization trusts, which represented interests in such VIEs. Investing VIEs are structured as pass through entities that receive principal and interest payments from the underlying debt collateral assets and distribute those payments to the securitization trust s certificate holders, including the most subordinate tranches of the securitization trust. Generally, a securitization trust designates the most junior subordinate tranche outstanding as the controlling class, which entitles the holder of the controlling class to unilaterally appoint and remove the special servicer for the trust, and as such may qualify as the primary beneficiary of the trust. 
 If it is determined that the Company is the primary beneficiary of an Investing VIE as a result of acquiring the subordinate first-loss tranches of the securitization trust, the Company would consolidate the assets, liabilities, income and expenses of the entire Investing VIE. The assets held by an Investing VIE are restricted and can only be used to fulfill its own obligations. The obligations of an Investing VIE have neither any recourse to the general credit of the Company as the consolidating parent entity of an Investing VIE, nor to any of the Company s other consolidated entities. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not hold any subordinate tranches of securitization trusts. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold its remaining tranches of securitization trusts. Prior to the sale, the Company had determined it was the primary beneficiary because it has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the securitization trust. The Company s subordinate tranches of the securitization trust, which represented the retained interest and related interest income, were eliminated in consolidation. As a result, all of the assets, liabilities (obligations to the certificate holders of the securitization trust, less the Company s retained interest from the subordinate tranches of the securitization trust), income and expenses of the Investing VIE are presented in the consolidated financial statements of the Company although the Company legally owned the subordinate tranches of the securitization trust only. Regardless of the presentation, the Company s consolidated financial statements of operations ultimately reflect the net income attributable to its retained interest in the subordinate tranches of the securitization trust. 
 The Company elected the fair value option for the initial recognition of the assets and liabilities of its consolidated Investing VIE. Interest income and interest expense associated with the Investing VIE are presented separately on the consolidated statements of operations, and the assets and liabilities of the Investing VIE are separately presented as Mortgage loans held in securitization trusts, at fair value and Mortgage obligations issued by securitization trusts, at fair value, respectively, on the consolidated balance sheets. Refer to Note 13, Fair Value for further discussion. 
 The Company has adopted guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ), allowing the Company to measure both the financial assets and liabilities of a qualifying collateralized financing entity CFE ), such as its Investing VIE, using the fair value of either the CFE s financial assets or financial liabilities, whichever is more observable. A CFE is a VIE that holds financial assets, issues beneficial interests in those assets and has no more than nominal equity, and the beneficial interests have contractual recourse only to the related assets of the CFE. As the liabilities of the Company s Investing VIE are marketable securities with observable trade data, their fair value is more observable and is referenced to determine fair value of the assets of its Investing VIE. Refer to Note 13, Fair Value for further discussion. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 unconsolidated VIE. Refer to Note 7, Restricted Cash, Other Assets and Accrued and Other Liabilities for further discussion of the sale. Following this sale, the Company holds one investment which has no carrying value in an unconsolidated VIE. As of December 31, 2021, the Company identified unconsolidated VIEs related to its CRE debt investments. Based on management s analysis, the Company determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of such VIEs. Accordingly, the VIEs are not consolidated in the Company s financial statements as of December 31, 2021. 
 Assets of each of the VIEs may only be used to settle obligations of the respective VIE. Creditors of each of the VIEs have no recourse to the general credit of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has no remaining obligations to unconsolidated VIEs. 
 The Company did not provide financial support to the unconsolidated VIEs during the year ended December 31, 2022 and the year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2021, there were no explicit arrangements or implicit variable interests that could require the Company to provide financial support to the unconsolidated VIEs. The maximum exposure to loss of investments in unconsolidated ventures was determined as the carrying value plus any future funding commitments. The carrying value and maximum exposure to loss of the investments in unconsolidated joint ventures at December 31, 2021 was million. 
 -for-one basis. At the end of each reporting period, noncontrolling interests in the OP were adjusted to reflect their ownership percentage in the OP at the end of the period, through a reallocation between controlling and noncontrolling interests in the OP, as applicable. 
 Through February 2022, the noncontrolling interests in the OP were held by an affiliate of DigitalBridge, after which such entity was sold to an unaffiliated third party. During the three months ended June 30, 2022, the Company redeemed the million outstanding membership units in the OP held by such entity at a price of per unit for a total cost of million. Following this redemption, the noncontrolling interests in the operating partnership were reclassified to additional paid-in capital and accumulated other comprehensive income on the Company s consolidated balance sheet and there are no noncontrolling interests in the OP. As of June 30, 2022, there were no remaining noncontrolling interests in the OP and the OP was wholly-owned by the Company directly, and indirectly through the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, BRSP-T LLC. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

F-16 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 t have any cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. The Company s cash is held with major financial institutions and may at times exceed federally insured limits. 
 loans classified as held for sale. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had no ADC arrangements. 
 
 to years 
 Building leasehold interests Lesser of remaining term of the lease or remaining life of the building Building improvements Lesser of the useful life or remaining life of the building Land improvements to years 
 Tenant improvements Lesser of the useful life or remaining term of the lease Furniture, fixtures and equipment to years 
 
 Impairment The Company evaluates its real estate held for investment for impairment periodically or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. The Company evaluates real estate for impairment generally on an individual property basis. If an impairment indicator exists, the Company evaluates the undiscounted future net cash flows that are expected to be generated by the property, including any estimated proceeds from the eventual disposition of the property. If multiple outcomes are under consideration, the Company may apply a probability-weighted approach to the impairment analysis. Based upon the analysis, if the carrying value of a property exceeds its undiscounted future net cash flows, an impairment loss is recognized for the excess of the carrying value of the property over the estimated fair value of the property. In evaluating and/or measuring impairment, the Company considers, among other things, current and estimated future cash flows associated with each property, market information for each sub-market, 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 properties held for sale. At December 31, 2021, there were properties held for sale. See Note 5, Real Estate, net and Real Estate Held for Sale and Note 17, Segment Reporting for further detail. 
 Foreclosed Properties 
 The Company receives foreclosed properties in full or partial settlement of loans held for investment by taking legal title or physical possession of the properties. Foreclosed properties are generally recognized at the time the real estate is received at foreclosure sale or upon execution of a deed in lieu of foreclosure. Foreclosed properties are initially measured at fair value. If the fair value of the property is lower than the carrying value of the loan, the difference is recognized as current expected credit loss reserves and the cumulative reserve on the loan is charged off. The Company periodically evaluates foreclosed properties for subsequent decrease in fair value, which is recorded as an additional impairment loss. Fair value of foreclosed properties is generally based on third party appraisals, broker price opinions, comparable sales or a combination thereof. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

F-20 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

F-22 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

F-23 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded income tax expense of million and million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded income tax benefit of million. 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 3. 
 Securitized loans (2) 
 Mezzanine loans (3) 
 Fixed rate Mezzanine loans Preferred equity interests NA NA Loans held for investment CECL reserve ) ) Loans and preferred equity held for investment, net 
 _________________________________________ 
 (1) Calculated based on contractual interest rate. 
 (2) Represents loans transferred into securitization trusts that are consolidated by the Company. 
 (3) Represents the New York, New York Hotel mezzanine loan which is in maturity default as of March 2022. See Nonaccrual and Past Due Loans below. Subsequent to December 31, 2022 the New York, New York Hotel mezzanine loan was extended to December 2023. 
 The weighted average maturity, including extensions, of loans and preferred equity was years at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2021, the weighted average maturity, including extensions, of loans was years. 
 The Company had million and million of interest receivable related to its loans and preferred equity held for investment, net as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. This is included in receivables, net on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 Acquisitions/originations/additional funding Loan maturities/principal repayments ) ) Discount accretion/premium amortization Capitalized interest ) (Increase) decrease of CECL reserve (1)(2) 
 ) Charge-off Balance at December 31 
 _________________________________________ 
 (1) Provision for loan losses excludes a de minimis amount for the year ended December 31, 2022 and million for the year ended December 31, 2021, determined by the Company s PD/LGD model for unfunded commitments reported on the consolidated statement of operations, with a corresponding offset to accrued and other liabilities recorded on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) Excludes million related to additional proceeds received on senior loan collateralized by a student housing property which was resolved in the first quarter of 2022. 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 December 31, 2021 
 _________________________________________ 
 (1) Includes the Long Island City, New York Office senior loan which is in interest payment default and was placed on a nonaccrual status on September 9, 2022. The total carrying value before the specific CECL reserve at December 31, 2022 is million. 
 (2) Represents the New York, New York Hotel mezzanine loan which is in maturity default as of March 2022 However, because the borrower has provided all interest payments due through December 31, 2022, the loan has not been placed on nonaccrual status. Subsequent to December 31, 2022 the New York, New York Hotel mezzanine loan was extended to December 2023. 
 
 Current Expected Credit Loss Reserve 
 Increase (decrease) in general CECL reserve (1) 
 ) Increase in specific CECL reserve (2)(3)(4) 
 Charge-offs of specific CECL reserve (4) 
 ) CECL reserve at end of period 
 _________________________________________ 
 (1) Excludes the increase (decrease) in CECL reserves related to unfunded commitments reported on the consolidated statement of operations: a de minimis amount for the year ended December 31, 2022 and million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 (2) During the third quarter of 2022, the Company recorded million of specific CECL reserves related to Long Island City, New York office senior loans. The specific CECL reserves were based on the current and prospective leasing activity of the properties to reflect the estimated fair value of the collateral. The fair value estimate of the collateral was determined using a discounted cash flow model which included inputs based on the location, type and nature of the property, current and prospective leasing data and anticipated market conditions. Refer to Note 13, Fair Value for information on valuation inputs. 
 (3) For the year ended December 31, 2022, excludes million related to additional proceeds received on senior loan collateralized by a student housing property which was resolved in the first quarter of 2022. 
 (4) During the first quarter of 2022, the Company received a million repayment on senior loan collateralized by a student housing property, which was million less than the unpaid principal balance. As such, during the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company had recorded a million specific CECL reserve on the loan, as the loss was probable at that point in time and was subsequently charged off in the first quarter of 2022. 
 The following table provides details on the changes in CECL reserves upon adoption on January 1, 2020 through the year ended December 31, 2020 (dollars in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Allowance for loan losses at beginning of period Effect of CECL adoption (1) 
 Increase in general CECL reserve (2) 
 Charge-off ) Transfer to loans held for sale (3) 
 ) CECL reserve at end of period 
 _________________________________________ 
 (1) Calculated by the Company s PD/LGD model upon CECL adoption on January 1, 2020. See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for further details. 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million for a loan that was subsequently transferred to held for sale during the second quarter of 2020 and net provision recorded upon loan repayment totaling million during the year ended December 31, 2020. Additionally, excludes million determined by the Company s PD/LGD model for unfunded commitments reported on the consolidated statement of operations, with a corresponding offset to other liabilities recorded on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 (3) At December 31, 2020, the Company did not classify any of its loans as held for sale. 
 
 Credit Quality Monitoring 
 Loans are typically secured by direct senior priority liens on real estate properties or by interests in entities that directly own real estate properties, which serve as the primary source of cash for the payment of principal and interest. The Company evaluates its loans at least quarterly and differentiates the relative credit quality principally based on: (i) whether the borrower is currently paying contractual debt service in accordance with its contractual terms; and (ii) whether the Company believes the borrower will be able to perform under its contractual terms in the future, as well as the Company s expectations as to the ultimate recovery of principal at maturity. 
 As of December 31, 2022, all loans and preferred equity were performing in accordance with the contractual terms of their governing documents and were categorized as performing loans, except for the New York, New York Hotel mezzanine loan and the Long Island City, New York Office senior loan, as noted in Nonaccrual and Past Due Loans above. There were loans and preferred equity held for investment with contractual payments past due as of December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, debt investment contributed more than of interest income. 
 3 4 5 Total Senior loans Mezzanine loans Risk Rankings: 3 4 5 Total Mezzanine loans Preferred equity interests Risk Rankings: 3 Total Preferred equity interests and other Total Loans held for investment 
 As of December 31, 2022, the average risk rating for loans and preferred equity held for investment was . 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 3 4 5 Total Senior loans Mezzanine loans Risk Rankings: 3 4 Total Mezzanine loans Total Loans and Preferred Equity held for investment 
 . 
 Lending Commitments 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Refer to Note 16, Commitments and Contingencies for further details. The Company recorded a million and million for allowance for lending commitments in accrued and other liabilities on its consolidated balance sheets in accordance with CECL at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for further details. 
 
 4. 
 securitization trust for million in total proceeds. As a result, the Company did not hold any subordinate tranches of securitization trusts as of December 31, 2022. In connection with the sale, the Company recorded an unrealized gain of million and realized loss of million as the accumulated losses related to the retained investments were reversed. These amounts, when incurred, are recorded as unrealized and realized gain (loss) on mortgage loans and obligations held in securitization trusts, net in the consolidated statement of operations. The Company also recorded a realized gain of million as the sale proceeds from the transaction exceeded the GAAP book value of the Company s retained investments at the time of sale. This amount, when incurred, is recorded as other gain (loss), net on the Company s consolidated statement of operations. The Company also deconsolidated the securitization trust with approximate gross assets and liabilities of million and million, respectively, which excludes accrued interest receivable and payable amounts of million and million, respectively. 
 Prior to the sale, the Company was the directing certificate holder of the securitization trust and had the ability to appoint and replace the special servicer on all mortgage loans. As such, GAAP required the Company to consolidate the assets, liabilities, income and expenses of the securitization trust as Investing VIEs. Refer to Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for further discussion on Investing VIEs. 
 Other than the securities represented by the Company s subordinate tranches of the securitization trust, the Company did not have any claim to the assets or exposure to the liabilities of the securitization trust. The original issuers, who are unrelated third parties, guaranteed the interest and principal payments related to the investment grade securitization bonds in the securitization trust, and therefore these obligations did not have any recourse to the general credit of the Company as the consolidator of the securitization trust. The Company s maximum exposure to loss did not exceed the carrying value of its retained investments in the securitization trust, or the subordinate tranches of the securitization trust. 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million and realized losses of million. In the second quarter of 2021, the Company sold its retained investments in the subordinate tranches of one securitization trust for million in total proceeds. In connection with the sale, the Company recognized an unrealized gain of million. The Company also recognized a realized loss of million when the accumulated losses related to the retained investment were reversed and subsequently recorded to realized loss on mortgage loans and obligations held in securitization trusts, net. The Company deconsolidated the securitization trust with gross assets and liabilities of approximately million and million, respectively, which excludes accrued interest receivable and payable amounts of million and million, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2021, the mortgage loans and the related mortgage obligations held in the securitization trust had an unpaid principal balance of million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the underlying collateral of the securitization trust consisted of underlying commercial mortgage loans, with a weighted average coupon of and a weighted average loan to value ratio of . 
 Receivables, net Total assets Liabilities Mortgage obligations issued by a securitization trust, at fair value Accrued and other liabilities Total liabilities 
 The Company elected the fair value option to measure the assets and liabilities of the securitization trusts, which requires that changes in valuations of the securitization trusts be reflected in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 
 As of December 31, 2021, the difference between the carrying values of the mortgage loans held in securitization trusts and the carrying value of the mortgage obligations issued by securitization trusts was million and approximates the fair value of the Company s retained investments in the subordinate tranches of the securitization trusts, which are eliminated in consolidation. Refer to Note 13, Fair Value for a description of the valuation techniques used to measure fair value of assets and liabilities of the Investing VIEs. 
 ) Interest income on mortgage loans held in securitization trusts Interest expense on mortgage obligations issued by securitization trusts ) ) ) Net interest income Operating expense ) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on mortgage loans and obligations held in securitization trusts, net ) Realized loss on mortgage loans and obligations held in securitization trusts, net ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to BrightSpire Capital, Inc. common stockholders ) 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 5. 
 Buildings, building leaseholds, and improvements Tenant improvements Construction-in-progress Subtotal Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Net lease portfolio, net 
 The following table presents the Company s portfolio of other real estate as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 (dollars in thousands): 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Land and improvements Buildings, building leaseholds, and improvements Tenant improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment Construction-in-progress Subtotal Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Other portfolio, net 
 At December 31, 2021, the Company held foreclosed property which was included in assets held for sale with a carrying value of million. 
 Depreciation Expense 
 Depreciation expense on real estate was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Property Operating Income 
 Variable lease revenue Hotel operating income 
 _________________________________________ 
 (1) Excludes amortization expense related to above and below-market leases of million and income of million for the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively. Excludes amortization expense related to above and below-market leases of million and income of million for the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. Excludes amortization expense related to above and below-market leases of million and income of million for the year ended December 31, 2020, respectively. 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 single property with property operating income equal to or greater than 10.0 of total revenue of the Company. 
 Minimum Future Rents 
 Minimum rental amounts due under leases are generally either subject to scheduled fixed increases or adjustments. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total 
 The rental properties owned at December 31, 2022 are leased under noncancellable operating leases with current expirations ranging from 2022 to 2038, with certain tenant renewal rights. For certain properties, the tenants pay the Company, in addition to the contractual base rent, their pro rata share of real estate taxes and operating expenses. Certain lease agreements provide for periodic rental increases and others provide for increases based on the consumer price index. 
 Commitments and Contractual Obligations 
 Ground Lease Obligation 
 In connection with real estate acquisitions, the Company assumed certain noncancellable operating ground leases as lessee or sublessee with expiration dates through 2050. Rents on certain ground leases are paid directly by the tenants. Ground rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 Refer to Note 16, Commitments and Contingencies for the details of future minimum rental payments on noncancellable ground lease on real estate as of December 31, 2022. 
 Real Estate Held for Sale 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company did t have any properties held for sale. As of December 31, 2021, the Company held net lease property and hotel as held for sale. These properties consisted of million of real estate, net and million of deferred leasing costs and intangible assets which were included in assets held for sale on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. 
 Real Estate Sales 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company completed the sale of net lease property for a gross sales price of million which resulted in a million gain on sale and is included in other gain (loss), net on the consolidated statement of operations. The Company also sold hotel property for a gross sales price of million which resulted in a million gain on sale and is included in other gain (loss), net on the consolidated statement of operations. The net lease and hotel property were held for sale as of December 31, 2021. 
 million and a total net gain of million. 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 6. 
 ) Deferred leasing costs ) Above-market lease values ) ) Intangible Liabilities Below-market lease values ) 
 December 31, 2021 Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Amount (1) 
 Deferred Leasing Costs and Intangible Assets In-place lease values ) Deferred leasing costs ) Above-market lease values ) ) Intangible Liabilities Below-market lease values ) 
 _________________________________________ 
 (1) Excludes deferred leasing costs and intangible assets and intangible liabilities related to assets held for sale at December 31, 2021. ) ) Below-market lease values Net increase (decrease) to property operating income In-place lease values Deferred leasing costs Other intangibles Amortization expense 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) ) ) ) ) ) ) Below-market lease values Net increase (decrease) to property operating income ) ) In-place lease values Deferred leasing costs Amortization expense 
 
 7. 
 Capital expenditure reserves Working capital and other reserves Real estate escrow reserves Tenant lockboxes Total 
 Tax receivable and deferred tax assets Deferred financing costs, net - credit facilities Investments in unconsolidated ventures and at fair value, respectively) 
 Other Derivative assets Prepaid expenses Total 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Operating lease liability Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Interest payable Prepaid rent and unearned revenue Tenant security deposits Unfunded CECL loan allowance Other Total 
 Investments under Fair Value Option 
 Private Funds 
 The Company elected to account for its limited partnership interests in PE Investments under the fair value option, which interests ranged from to as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The Company records equity in earnings for these investments based on a change in fair value of its share of projected future cash flows. 
 Investments in Unconsolidated Ventures 
 During the second quarter of 2022 the Company sold an equity method investment for a gross sales price of million and recognized a realized gain of million. The realized gain is included in other gain (loss), net on the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 
 During the third quarter of 2021, a mixed-use project in which the Company is the mezzanine lender recorded fair value losses totaling million. As a result, the Company recognized its proportionate share of fair value losses equaling million during the third quarter of 2021. The loss write-down represented the Company s remaining proportionate share in the investment. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded its proportionate share of fair value losses on the mixed-use project of million. The mixed-use project did recognize any interest income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the mixed-use project s total interest income was million and the Company recognized its proportionate share of million. 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 8. 
 
 BRSP 2021-FL1 (3) 
 Non-recourse Aug-38 LIBOR + 
 Subtotal securitization bonds payable, net Mortgage and other notes payable, net Net lease 6 Non-recourse Oct-27 Net lease 5 Non-recourse Nov-26 Net lease 4 Non-recourse Nov-26 Net lease 3 (5) 
 Non-recourse Jan-22 Net lease 7 Non-recourse Jul-23 LIBOR + 
 Net lease 5 Non-recourse Aug-26 Net lease 1 (6) 
 Non-recourse Nov-26 Net lease 1 (7) 
 Non-recourse Mar-28 Net lease 2 (8) 
 Non-recourse Jun-25 Net lease 3 Non-recourse Sep-33 Other real estate 1 Non-recourse Oct-24 Other real estate 3 Non-recourse Jan-25 Other real estate 6 (9) 
 Non-recourse Apr-24 LIBOR + 
 Loan 9 (10) 
 Non-recourse Jun-24 LIBOR + 
 Subtotal mortgage and other notes payable, net Bank credit facility Bank credit facility Recourse Jan-27 (11) 
 SOFR + 
 Subtotal bank credit facility Master repurchase facilities Bank 1 facility 3 Limited Recourse (12) 
 July-27 (13) 
 SOFR + 
 (14) Bank 3 facility 3 Limited Recourse (12) 
 April-27 (15) 
 SOFR + 
 (14) Bank 7 facility 1 Limited Recourse (12) 
 Apr-26 (16) 
 LIBOR/SOFR + 
 (14) Bank 8 facility 1 Limited Recourse (12) 
 Jun-25 (17) 
 LIBOR/SOFR + 
 (14) Bank 9 facility 1 (18) June-27 (19) 
 LIBOR/SOFR + 
 (14) Subtotal master repurchase facilities Subtotal credit facilities Total 
 _________________________________________ 
 (1) Subject to customary non-recourse carveouts. 
 (2) Difference between principal amount and carrying value of securitization bonds payable, net and mortgage and other notes payable, net is attributable to deferred financing costs, net and premium/discount on mortgage notes payable. 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 . 
 (4) As of June 17, 2021, the benchmark index interest rate was converted from the one-month London Interbank Offered Rates LIBOR to Compounded Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), plus a benchmark adjustment of basis points. As of February 19, 2022, the benchmark index interest rate was converted from Compounded SOFR to Term SOFR, plus a benchmark adjustment of basis points, conforming with the indenture agreement. 
 (5) During the first quarter of 2022 the property was sold and the mortgage payable was repaid in full. 
 (6) Payment terms are periodic payment of principal and interest for debt on properties and periodic payment of interest only with principal at maturity (except for principal repayments to release collateral properties disposed) for debt on property. 
 (7) Represents a mortgage note collateralized by properties. 
 (8) As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal of the mortgage payable was NOK billion , which translated to million. 
 (9) During the first quarter of 2022 the property was sold and the mortgage payable was repaid in full. 
 (10) The current maturity of the note payable is June 2023, with extension available at the Company s option, which may be subject to the satisfaction of certain customary conditions set forth in the governing documents. 
 (11) On January 28, 2022, the Company, through its subsidiaries, including the OP, entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. Refer to Bank Credit Facility within this note for more details. 
 (12) Recourse solely with respect to of the financed amount. 
 (13) The current maturity date is July 2024, with extension options, which may be exercised upon the satisfaction of certain customary conditions set forth in the governing documents. 
 (14) Represents the weighted average spread as of December 31, 2022. The contractual interest rate depends upon asset type and characteristics and ranges from one-month LIBOR or SOFR plus to . 
 (15) The current maturity date is April 2025, with extension options, which may be exercised upon the satisfaction of certain customary conditions set forth in the governing documents. 
 (16) The current maturity date is April 20 25, with a extension available at the option of the Company, whic h may be exercised upon the satisfaction of certain customary conditions set forth in the governing documents. 
 (17) The current maturity date is June 2023, with a extension available at the option of the Company, which may be exercised upon the satisfaction of certain customary conditions set forth in the governing agreements. 
 (18) Recourse is either or depending on loan metrics. 
 (19) The current maturity date is June 2025, with extensions available at the option of the Company, which may be exercised upon the satisfaction of certain customary conditions set forth in the governing documents. 
 Future Minimum Principal Payments 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total 
 
 Bank Credit Facility 
 The Company uses bank credit facilities (including term loans and revolving facilities) to finance the business. These financings may be collateralized or non-collateralized and may involve one or more lenders. Credit facilities typically have maturities ranging from two to and may accrue interest at either fixed or floating rates. 
 On January 28, 2022, the OP (together with certain subsidiaries of the OP from time to time party thereto as borrowers, collectively, the Borrowers entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent ), and the several lenders from time to time party thereto (the Lenders ), pursuant to which the Lenders agreed to provide a revolving credit facility in the aggregate principal amount of up to million, of which up to million is available as letters of credit. Loans under the Credit Agreement may be advanced in U.S. dollars and certain foreign currencies, including euros, pounds sterling and swiss francs. 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million revolving credit facility that would have matured on February 1, 2022. 
 The Credit Agreement also includes an option for the Borrowers to increase the maximum available principal amount up to million, subject to one or more new or existing Lenders agreeing to provide such additional loan commitments and satisfaction of other customary conditions. 
 Advances under the Credit Agreement accrue interest at a per annum rate equal to, at the applicable Borrower s election, either (x) an adjusted SOFR rate plus a margin of , or (y) a base rate equal to the highest of (i) the Wall Street Journal s prime rate, (ii) the federal funds rate plus and (iii) the adjusted SOFR rate plus , plus a margin of . An unused commitment fee at a rate of or , per annum, depending on the amount of facility utilization, applies to un-utilized borrowing capacity under the Credit Agreement. Amounts owed under the Credit Agreement may be prepaid at any time without premium or penalty, subject to customary breakage costs in the case of borrowings with respect to which a SOFR rate election is in effect. 
 The maximum amount available for borrowing at any time under the Credit Agreement is limited to a borrowing base valuation of certain investment assets, with the valuation of such investment assets generally determined according to a percentage of adjusted net book value. As of December 31, 2022, the borrowing base valuation is sufficient to permit borrowings of up to the entire million. If any borrowing is outstanding for more than 180 days after its initial draw, the borrowing base valuation will be reduced by until all outstanding borrowings are repaid in full. The ability to borrow new amounts under the Credit Agreement terminates on January 31, 2026, at which time the OP may, at its election and by written notice to the Administrative Agent, extend the termination date for additional terms of each, subject to the terms and conditions in the Credit Agreement, resulting in a latest termination date of January 31, 2027. 
 The obligations of the Borrowers under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed pursuant to a Guarantee and Collateral Agreement by substantially all material wholly owned subsidiaries of the OP (the Guarantors in favor of the Administrative Agent (the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement and, subject to certain exceptions, secured by a pledge of substantially all equity interests owned by the Borrowers and the Guarantors, as well as by a security interest in deposit accounts of the Borrowers and the Guarantors in which the proceeds of investment asset distributions are maintained. 
 The Credit Agreement contains various affirmative and negative covenants, including, among other things, the obligation of the Company to maintain REIT status and be listed on the New York Stock Exchange, and limitations on debt, liens and restricted payments. In addition, the Credit Agreement includes the following financial covenants applicable to the OP and its consolidated subsidiaries: (a) minimum consolidated tangible net worth of the OP to be greater than or equal to the sum of (i) and (ii) of the net cash proceeds received by the OP from any offering of its common equity after September 30, 2021 and of the net cash proceeds from any offering by the Company of its common equity to the extent such proceeds are contributed to the OP, excluding any such proceeds that are contributed to the OP within ninety (90) days of receipt and applied to acquire capital stock of the OP; (b) the OP s ratio of EBITDA plus lease expenses to fixed charges for any period of four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters to be not less than to 1.00; (c) the OP s minimum interest coverage ratio to be not less than to 1.00; and (d) the OP s ratio of consolidated total debt to consolidated total assets to be not more than to 1.00. The Credit Agreement also includes customary events of default, including, among other things, failure to make payments when due, breach of covenants or representations, cross default to material indebtedness, material judgment defaults, bankruptcy matters involving any Borrower or any Guarantor and certain change of control events. The occurrence of an event of default will limit the ability of the OP and its subsidiaries to make distributions and may result in the termination of the credit facility, acceleration of repayment obligations and the exercise of remedies by the Lenders with respect to the collateral. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all of its financial covenants under the Credit Agreement. 
 Securitization Financing Transactions 
 Securitization bonds payable, net represent debt issued by securitization vehicles consolidated by the Company. Senior notes issued by these securitization trusts were generally sold to third parties and subordinated notes retained by the Company. Payments from underlying collateral loans must be applied to repay the notes until fully paid off, irrespective of the contractual maturities of the loans. 
 CLNC 2019-FL1 
 In October 2019, the Company executed a securitization transaction, through wholly-owned subsidiaries, CLNC 2019-FL1, Ltd. and CLNC 2019-FL1, LLC (collectively, CLNC 2019-FL1 ), which resulted in the sale of million of investment 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 at a weighted average cost of funds of Adjusted Term SOFR plus (before transaction expenses) and is collateralized by a pool of senior loan investments. 
 On March 5, 2021, the Financial Conduct Authority of the U.K. (the FCA announced that LIBOR tenors relevant to CLNC 2019-FL1 would cease to be published or no longer be representative after June 30, 2023. The Alternative Reference Rates Committee (the ARRC interpreted this announcement to constitute a benchmark transition event. As of June 17, 2021, the benchmark index interest rate was converted from LIBOR to compounded SOFR, plus a benchmark adjustment of basis points with a lookback period equal to the number of calendar days in the applicable Interest Accrual Period plus two SOFR business days, conforming with the indenture agreement and recommendations from the ARRC. Compounded SOFR for any interest accrual period shall be the 30-Day Average SOFR as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on each benchmark determination date. 
 As of February 19, 2022, the benchmark index interest rate was converted from Compounded SOFR to Term SOFR, plus a benchmark adjustment of basis points, conforming with the indenture agreement. Term SOFR for any interest accrual period shall be the one-month CME Term SOFR Reference Rate as published by the CME Group Benchmark Administration on each benchmark determination date. 
 As of December 31, 2022, half of the CLNC 2019-FL1 mortgage assets are indexed to LIBOR and the borrowings under CLNC 2019-FL1 are indexed to Term SOFR, creating an underlying benchmark index rate basis difference between a portion of the CLNC 2019-FL1 assets and liabilities, which is meant to be mitigated by the benchmark replacement adjustment described above. The Company has the right to transition the CLNC 2019-FL1 mortgage assets to SOFR, eliminating the basis difference between CLNC 2019-FL1 assets and liabilities, and will make the determination taking into account the loan portfolio as a whole. The transition to SOFR is not expected to have a material impact to CLNC 2019-FL1 s assets and liabilities and related interest expense. 
 CLNC 2019-FL1 included a reinvestment feature that allowed the Company to contribute existing or newly originated loan investments in exchange for proceeds from repayments or repurchases of loans held in CLNC 2019-FL1, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions set forth in the indenture. The reinvestment period for CLNC 2019-FL1 expired on October 19, 2021. During 2022, loans held in CLNC 2019-FL1 were fully repaid and three loans partially repaid totaling million. During the fourth quarter 2022, loan investment held in CLNC 2019-FL1 was removed as a result of the loan becoming a credit risk collateral interest, totaling million. The Company exchanged the credit risk collateral interest for substitute loan investments equal to the par principal balance of the credit risk collateral interest. The proceeds from the repayments were used to amortize the securitization bonds in accordance with the securitization priority of payments. 
 Additionally, CLNC 2019-FL1 contains note protection tests that can be triggered as a result of contributed loan defaults, losses, and certain other events outlined in the indenture, beyond established thresholds. A note protection test failure that is not remedied can result in the redirection of interest proceeds from the below investment grade tranches to amortize the most senior outstanding tranche. While the Company continues to closely monitor all loan investments contributed to CLNC 2019-FL1, a deterioration in the performance of an underlying loan could negatively impact its liquidity position. 
 BRSP 2021-FL1 
 In July 2021, the Company executed a securitization transaction through wholly-owned subsidiaries, BRSP 2021-FL1, Ltd. and BRSP 2021-FL1, LLC (collectively, BRSP 2021-FL1 ), which resulted in the sale of million of investment grade notes. The securitization reflects an advance rate of at a weighted average cost of funds of LIBOR plus (before transaction costs), and is collateralized by a pool of senior loan investments. 
 BRSP 2021-FL1 includes a reinvestment feature that allows the Company to contribute existing or newly originated loan investments in exchange for proceeds from repayments or repurchases of loans held in BRSP 2021-FL1, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions set forth in the indenture. In addition to existing eligible loans available for reinvestment, the continued origination of securitization eligible loans is required to ensure that the Company reinvest the available proceeds within BRSP 2021-FL1. For the year ended December 31, 2022, loans held in BRSP 2021-FL1 were fully repaid, totaling million. The Company replaced the repaid loans by contributing existing loan investments of equal value. 
 Additionally, BRSP 2021-FL1 contains note protection tests that can be triggered as a result of contributed loan defaults, losses, and certain other events outlined in the indenture, beyond established thresholds. A note protection test failure that is not remedied can result in the redirection of interest proceeds from the below investment grade tranches to amortize the most senior outstanding tranche. The Company will continue to closely monitor all loan investments contributed to BRSP 2021-FL1, a deterioration in the performance of an underlying loan could negatively impact its liquidity position. 
 F-40 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 billion carrying value of CRE debt investments and other assets financed with billion of securitization bonds payable, net. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had billion carrying value of CRE debt investments financed with billion of securitization bonds payable, net. 
 Master Repurchase Facilities 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company, through subsidiaries, had entered into repurchase agreements with multiple global financial institutions to provide an aggregate principal amount of up to billion to finance the origination of first mortgage loans and senior loan participations secured by CRE debt investments Master Repurchase Facilities ). The Company agreed to guarantee certain obligations under the Master Repurchase Facilities, which contain representations, warranties, covenants, conditions precedent to funding, events of default and indemnities that are customary for agreements of this type. The Master Repurchase Facilities act as revolving loan facilities that can be paid down as assets are repaid or sold and re-drawn upon for new investments. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all of its financial covenants under the Master Repurchase Facilities. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had billion carrying value of CRE debt investments financed with billion under the Master Repurchase Facilities. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had billion carrying value of CRE debt investments financed with million under the Master Repurchase Facilities. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company amended the below Master Repurchase Facilities as follows: 
 Increased the borrowing capacity of Bank 7 by million and extended the maturity date to April 2025, with a extension option; 
 Increased the borrowing capacity of Bank 9 by million and extended the maturity date to June 2025, with extension options; 
 Extended the maturity of Bank 3 to April 2025, with extension options, and replaced LIBOR with SOFR as the benchmark applicable to loans entered into prior to January 1, 2022; 
 Extended the maturity date of Bank 1 to July 2024, with one- year extension options, and replaced LIBOR with SOFR as the benchmark applicable to loans entered into prior to January 1, 2022; and 
 Amended individual facilities to reduce the minimum tangible net worth covenant requirement from billion to billion. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company did not hold any Master Repurchase Facilities where the collateral exceeded the amounts borrowed by more than 10 of total equity. 
 CMBS Credit Facilities 
 master repurchase agreements (collectively the CMBS Credit Facilities to finance CMBS investments. The CMBS Credit Facilities are on a recourse basis and contain representations, warranties, covenants, conditions precedent to funding, events of default and indemnities that are customary for agreements of this type. The CMBS Credit Facilities were undrawn as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 9. 
 million and additional closing costs of million. The Company will not pay management or incentive fees to the Manager for any post-closing period. Refer to Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, for further details. 
 Fees to Manager 
 Base Management Fee 
 Following the Internalization on April 30, 2021, the Company no longer pays a base management fee to the Manager. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the total management fee expense incurred was million and million, respectively. 
 F-41 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 t incur any incentive fees for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Reimbursements of Expenses 
 Following the Internalization on April 30, 2021, the Company no longer reimburses expenses incurred by the Manager. 
 million and million, respectively, and are included in operating expense on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 10. 
 million shares of the Class A common stock, subject to adjustment pursuant to the terms of the 2018 Plan. Awards may be granted under the 2018 Plan to (x) the Manager, or any employee, officer, director, consultant or advisor (who is a natural person) providing services to the Company, the Manager or their affiliates and (y) any other individual whose participation in the 2018 Plan is determined to be in the best interests of the Company. The following types of awards may be made under the 2018 Plan, subject to the limitations set forth in the plan: (i) stock options (which may be either incentive stock options or non-qualified stock options); (ii) stock appreciation rights; (iii) restricted stock awards; (iv) stock units; (v) unrestricted stock awards; (vi) dividend equivalent rights; (vii) performance awards; (viii) annual cash incentive awards; (ix) long-term incentive units; and (x) other equity-based awards. 
 Shares subject to an award granted under the 2018 Plan will be counted against the maximum number of shares of Class A common stock available for issuance thereunder as one share of Class A common stock for every one share of Class A common stock subject to such an award. Shares subject to an award granted under the 2018 Plan will again become available for issuance under the 2018 Plan if the award terminates by expiration, forfeiture, cancellation, or otherwise without the issuance of such shares (except as set forth in the following sentence). The number of shares of Class A common stock available for issuance under the 2018 Plan will not be increased by (i) any shares tendered or withheld in connection with the purchase of shares upon exercise of a stock option, (ii) any shares deducted or delivered in connection with the Company s tax withholding obligations, or (iii) any shares purchased by the Company with proceeds from stock option exercises. The shares granted in May 2020 to the independent directors of the Company under the 2018 Plan vested in May 2021. The shares granted in June 2021 to the independent directors, as well as in October and December to the newly appointed independent directors of the Company under the 2018 Plan vested in May 2022. Shares granted to non-independent directors, officers and the Manager under the 2018 Plan vest ratably in three annual installments. 
 On February 15, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors adopted, and at the annual meeting of stockholders held on May 5, 2022, the stockholders approved, the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2022 Plan ), which was effective as of May 5, 2022 and amends and restates the 2018 Plan. Other than increasing the total number of shares of the Class A common stock issuable under the 2018 Plan by million shares (subject to adjustment pursuant to the terms of the 2022 Plan) and extending the termination date of the 2018 Plan to May 4, 2032, there were no significant changes from the 2018 Plan. 
 On May 5, 2022, the Company granted shares of Class A common stock to certain of its employees. The shares vest in one-third increments on March 15, 2023, March 15, 2024 and March 15, 2025. 
 On May 6, 2022, the Company granted shares of Class A common stock to the independent directors of the Company which vest on May 6, 2023. 
 Equity-Based Compensation Expense 
 In connection with the share grants, the Company recognized share-based compensation expense of million and million, respectively, within compensation and benefits in the consolidated statement of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recognized share-based compensation expense of million to its Manager within compensation and benefits in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 Restricted Stock Restricted stock awards relating to the Company s Class A common stock are granted to independent directors of the Company and generally vest within and restricted stock awards were granted to certain employees of 
 F-42 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 period. Restricted stock is entitled to dividends declared and paid on the Company s Class A common stock and such dividends are not forfeitable prior to vesting of the award. Restricted stock awards are valued based on the Company s Class A common stock price on grant date and equity-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. Some employees of the Manager who were granted restricted stock under the 2018 Plan became employees of the Company following the Internalization on April 30, 2021. The shares held by substantially all remaining employees of the Manager vested following the Internalization. 
 Performance Stock Units PSU PSUs are granted to certain employees of the Company and are subject to both a service condition and a performance condition. Following the end of the measurement period for the PSUs, the recipients of PSUs may be eligible to vest in all or a portion of PSUs granted, and be issued a number of shares of the Company s Class A common stock, ranging from to of the number of PSUs granted and eligible to vest, to be determined based upon the performance of the Company s Class A common stock relative to the Company s GAAP book value at the end of a measurement period. PSUs also contain dividend equivalent rights which entitle the recipients to a payment equal to the amount of dividends that would have been paid on the shares that are ultimately issued at the end of the measurement period. 
 Risk free rate (2) 
 Expected dividend yield (3) 
 
 _________________________________________ 
 (1) Based upon the Company s historical stock volatility. 
 (2) Based upon the continuously compounded zero-coupon U.S. Treasury yield for the term coinciding with the measurement period of the award as of valuation date. 
 (3) Based upon the dividend yield in place as of the grant date. 
 Fair value of PSU awards, excluding dividend equivalent rights, is recognized on a straight-line basis over their measurement period as compensation expense, and is subject to reversal if the performance condition is not achieved. 
 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) Unvested shares at December 31, 2020 Granted Vested ) ) ) Unvested shares at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) Unvested shares at December 31, 2022 
 Fair value of equity awards that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, determined based on their respective fair values at vesting date, was million and million, respectively. Fair value of granted awards is determined based on the closing price of the Class A common stock on the date of grant of the awards. Equity-based compensation is classified within compensation and benefits in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 F-43 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. At December 31, 2021, aggregate unrecognized compensation cost for all unvested equity awards was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. At December 31, 2020, aggregate unrecognized compensation cost for all unvested equity awards was million, expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 11. 
 billion shares of stock, at par value per share, consisting of million shares of Class A common stock and million shares of preferred stock. 
 The Company had shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 Dividends 
 June 15, 2022 June 30, 2022 July 15, 2022 September 15, 2022 September 30, 2022 October 14, 2022 December 14, 2022 December 31, 2022 January 17, 2023 
 Share Repurchases 
 In May 2022, the Company s board of directors authorized a stock repurchase program Stock Repurchase Program under which the Company may repurchase up to million of its outstanding Class A common stock until April 30, 2023. Under the Stock Repurchase Program, the Company may repurchase shares in open market purchases, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The Company has a written trading plan as part of the Share Repurchase Program that provides for share repurchases in open market transactions that is intended to comply with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act. The Stock Repurchase Program will be utilized at management s discretion and in accordance with the requirements of the SEC. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors including price, corporate requirements and other conditions. 
 The Company did repurchase any shares of its Class A common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased million shares of Class A common stock at a weighted average price of per share for an aggregate cost of million. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million remaining available to make repurchases under the Stock Repurchase Plan. Additionally, and separate from the Stock Repurchase Program, the Company redeemed the million total outstanding membership units in the OP held by a third-party representing noncontrolling interests at a price of per unit for a total cost of million. 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 
 F-44 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI Net current period OCI ) AOCI at December 31, 2020 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) ) ) Net current period OCI ) ) ) ) AOCI at December 31, 2021 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification ) ) Amounts reclassified from OP ) ) Net current period OCI ) ) AOCI at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 Changes in Components of AOCI - Noncontrolling Interests in the OP 
 (dollars in thousands) Unrealized gain (loss) on real estate securities, available for sale Unrealized gain (loss) on net investment hedges Foreign currency translation gain (loss) Total AOCI at December 31, 2019 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI Net current period OCI ) AOCI at December 31, 2020 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) ) ) Net current period OCI ) ) ) AOCI at December 31, 2021 ) ) Other comprehensive income Amounts reclassified to Stockholders ) Net current period OCI ) AOCI at December 31, 2022 
 F-45 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Other comprehensive income AOCI at December 31, 2020 Other comprehensive income before reclassification ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI Net current period OCI ) ) AOCI at December 31, 2021 Other comprehensive income before reclassification Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) Net current period OCI ) ) AOCI at December 31, 2022 
 
 The following table presents the details of the reclassifications from AOCI for the year ended December 31, 2021: 
 (dollars in thousands) Component of AOCI reclassified into earnings Year Ended December 31, 2021 Affected Line Item in the Consolidated Statements of Operations Realized gain on sale of real estate securities Other gain (loss), net Impairment of real estate securities ) Other gain (loss), net Foreign currency translation gain (loss) Other gain (loss), net Realized gain (loss) on net investment hedges Other gain (loss), net 
 
 12. 
 million. As of June 30, 2022, there were no remaining noncontrolling interests in the OP and the OP was wholly-owned by the Company directly, and indirectly through the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, BRSP-T LLC. 
 Net income (loss) attributable to the noncontrolling interests was based on such members ownership percentage of the OP. Net income attributable to the noncontrolling interests of the OP was million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Net loss attributable to the noncontrolling interests of the OP was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Investment Entities 
 Noncontrolling interests in investment entities represent third-party equity interests in ventures that are consolidated with the Company s financial statements. Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests in the investment entities was de minimis for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests in the investment entities was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 13. 
 F-46 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

F-47 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Mortgage loans held in securitization trusts, at fair value Other assets - derivative assets Liabilities: Mortgage obligations issued by securitization trusts, at fair value Other liabilities - derivative liabilities 
 Distributions/paydowns ) ) ) ) Sale of investments ) ) Deconsolidation of securitization trust (2) 
 ) ) Equity in earnings ) Unrealized loss in earnings ) ) Realized loss in earnings ) ) Ending balance 
 _________________________________________ 
 (1) For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an unrealized loss of million related to mortgage loans held in securitization trusts, at fair value and an unrealized gain of million related to mortgage obligations held in securitization trusts, at fair value. 
 (2) In December 2022 and April 2021, the Company sold its retained investments in the subordinate tranches of two individual securitization trusts. As a result of the sale, the Company deconsolidated both of the securitization trusts. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company utilized a discounted cash flow model, comparable precedent transactions and other market information to quantify Level 3 fair value measurements on a recurring basis. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the key unobservable inputs used in the analysis of PE Investments included discount rates with a range of to and timing and amount of expected future cash flows. As of December 31, 2021, the key unobservable inputs used in the valuation of mortgage obligations issued by securitization trusts included a blended yield of and a weighted average life of years. Significant increases or decreases in any one of the inputs described above in isolation may result in significantly different fair value of the financial assets and liabilities using such Level 3 inputs. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a realized loss of million related to the sale of the Company s retained interests in the subordinate tranches of one securitization trust. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a million realized loss on mortgage loans held in securitization trusts, at fair value, which is comprised of a million loss upon the sale of the Company s retained interests in the subordinate tranches of one securitization trust. Additionally, the Company recorded a realized loss of million related to the sale of underlying loans held within of its retained investments in the subordinate tranches of another securitization trust, of which the realized loss was previously included in the Company s loss projections and therefore no fair value write down was required. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company did not record a realized gain on mortgage loans held in securitization trusts, at fair value. 
 F-48 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million, net unrealized gain of million and net unrealized loss of million, respectively, related to mortgage loans held in securitization trusts, at fair value. These amounts, when incurred, are recorded as unrealized gain (loss) on mortgage loans and obligations held in securitization trusts, net in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 Fair Value Option 
 The Company may elect to apply the fair value option of accounting for certain of its financial assets or liabilities due to the nature of the instrument at the time of the initial recognition of the investment. The Company elected the fair value option for PE Investments and eligible financial assets and liabilities of its consolidated Investing VIEs because management believes it is a more useful presentation for such investments. The Company determined recording the PE Investments based on the change in fair value of projected future cash flow from one period to another better represents the underlying economics of the respective investment. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company has elected not to apply the fair value option for any other eligible financial assets or liabilities. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 In addition to the above disclosures regarding financial assets or liabilities which are recorded at fair value, GAAP requires disclosure of fair value about all financial instruments. The following disclosure of estimated fair value of financial instruments was determined by the Company using available market information and appropriate valuation methodologies. Considerable judgment is necessary to interpret market data and develop estimated fair value. Accordingly, the estimates presented herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts the Company could realize on disposition of the financial instruments. The use of different market assumptions and/or estimation methodologies may have a material effect on estimated fair value. 
 Financial liabilities: (1) 
 Securitization bonds payable, net Mortgage and other notes payable, net Master repurchase facilities 
 _________________________________________ 
 (1) The fair value of other financial instruments not included in this table is estimated to approximate their carrying value. 
 (2) Excludes future funding commitments of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Disclosure about fair value of financial instruments is based on pertinent information available to management as of December 31, 2022. Although management is not aware of any factors that would significantly affect fair value, such amounts have not been comprehensively revalued for purposes of these consolidated financial statements since that date and current estimates of fair value may differ significantly from the amounts presented herein. 
 Loans Held for Investment, Net 
 For loans held for investment, net, fair values were determined: (i) by comparing the current yield to the estimated yield for newly originated loans with similar credit risk or the market yield at which a third party might expect to purchase such investment; or (ii) based on discounted cash flow projections of principal and interest expected to be collected, which includes consideration of the financial standing of the borrower or sponsor as well as operating results of the underlying collateral. These fair value measurements of CRE debt are generally based on unobservable inputs and, as such, are classified as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Carrying values of loans held for investment are presented net of allowance for loan losses, where applicable. 
 F-49 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Loans held for investment, net (2) 
 
 _________________________________________ 
 (1) During the third quarter of 2022, the Company recorded million of specific CECL reserves related to Long Island City, New York office senior loans. The Company elected to use a practical expedient in accordance with the CECL standard to determine the estimated fair value of the collateral. The specific CECL reserves were based on the current and prospective leasing activity of the properties to reflect the estimated fair value of the collateral. The estimated fair value of the collateral was determined by using a discounted cash flow model and level 3 inputs, which included assuming a rent per square foot ranging from to , a capitalization rate ranging from to and a discount rate ranging from to . These inputs are based on the location, type and nature of the property, current and prospective leasing data and anticipated market conditions. 
 (2) During the first quarter of 2022, the Company received a million repayment on senior loan collateralized by a student housing property, which was million less than the unpaid principal balance. As such, during the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company had recorded a million specific CECL reserve on the loan, as the loss was probable at that point in time, and was subsequently charged off in the first quarter of 2022. 

14. 
 
 F-50 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Interest rate contracts Included in other assets Derivative Liabilities Interest rate contracts ) Included in accrued and other liabilities ) 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s counterparties do t hold any cash collateral. 
 February 2023 - May 2024 Interest Rate Swap USD July 2023 December 31, 2021 FX Forward NOK February 2022 - May 2024 Interest Rate Swap USD April 2022 - July 2023 
 The table below represents the effect of the derivative financial instruments on the consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Other gain (loss), net Non-designated foreign exchange contracts Non-designated interest rate contracts ) ) Other income Non-designated foreign exchange contracts Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Designated foreign exchange contracts ) ) 
 Offsetting Assets and Liabilities 
 The Company enters into agreements subject to enforceable netting arrangements with its derivative counterparties that allow the Company to offset the settlement of derivative assets and liabilities in the same currency by derivative instrument type or, in the event of default by the counterparty, to offset all derivative assets and liabilities with the same counterparty. The Company has elected not to net derivative asset and liability positions, notwithstanding the conditions for right of offset may have been 
 F-51 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Interest rate contracts December 31, 2021 Derivative Assets Foreign exchange contracts Derivative Liabilities Interest rate contracts ) ) ) ) 
 The Company did not offset any of its derivatives positions as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 15.) ) State and local ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total current tax benefit (expense) ) ) Deferred Federal ) ) Foreign Total deferred tax benefit Total income tax benefit (expense) ) ) 
 Deferred Income Tax Assets and Liabilities 
 Deferred tax asset is included in other assets while deferred tax liability is included in accrued and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 F-52 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Disallowed interest expense carry forwards Lease liability corporate offices Equity-based compensation Net operating and capital loss carry forwards (1) 
 Gross deferred tax asset Valuation allowance (2) 
 ) ) Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities Basis difference - real estate ) ) Real estate, leases and related intangible liabilities ) ROU lease asset corporate offices ) ) Other ) ) Gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) 
 _________________________________________ 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022, deferred tax assets include million of federal net operating loss carryforwards, of which million begin to expire in 2036 and million are carried forward indefinitely and million of capital loss carryforwards that will expire in 2026. As of December 31, 2021, deferred tax assets include million of federal operating loss carryforwards, of which million begin to expire in 2034 and million are carried forward indefinitely. 
 million of deferred tax assets relating to basis difference - investment in partnerships and million of deferred tax assets relating to net operating and capital loss carryforwards. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had million of deferred tax assets relating to basis difference - investment in partnerships, million of deferred tax assets relating to net operating and capital loss carryforwards and million of deferred tax assets relating to other items. As the realization of these assets are not more likely than not, the Company has provided a full valuation allowance against these deferred tax assets. 
 Effective Income Tax 
 The Company s income tax expense varied from the amount computed by applying the statutory income tax rate to income before income taxes. 
 ) Federal tax expense (benefit) at statutory tax rate (21 ) State and local taxes, net of federal income tax expense Permanent adjustments ) ) Adjustments for foreclosure property ) Foreign income tax differential ) ) Return to provision ) Valuation allowance, net ) ) Tax rate benefit of capital loss carryback ) Other ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) 
 F-53 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 recognized any interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 
 
 16. 
 million for senior loans and million for mezzanine loans. At December 31, 2021, total unfunded lending commitments for loans held for investment was million for senior loans. 
 Ground Lease Obligation 
 The Company s operating leases include ground leases acquired with real estate. 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the weighted average remaining lease term was years and years for ground leases, respectively. 
 Variable lease expense 
 The operating lease liability for ground leases was determined using a weighted average discount rate of . 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total lease payments Less: Present value discount Operating lease liability (Note 7) 
 For these ground leases, the Company has elected the practical expedient to combine lease and related nonlease components as a single lease component. 
 Office Lease 
 At December 31, 2022, the weighted average remaining lease term w as years for th e office leases, which are located in New York, New York and Los Angeles, California. 
 F-54 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The operating lease liability for the office leases were determined using a weighted average discount rate of . 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total lease payments Less: Present value discount Operating lease liability (Note 7) __________________________________________ 
 
 For these office leases, the Company has elected the practical expedient to combine lease and related nonlease components as a single lease component. 
 Litigation and Claims 
 The Company may be involved in litigation and claims in the ordinary course of the business. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was not involved in any legal proceedings that are expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, financial position, or liquidity. 
 Employment contracts 

17. 
 F-55 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 ) Property and other income Property operating expense ) ) Transaction, investment and servicing expense ) ) ) Interest expense on real estate ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Increase of current expected credit loss reserve ) ) Compensation and benefits ) ) Operating expense ) ) ) ) ) Unrealized gain on mortgage loans and obligations held in securitization trusts, net Realized loss on mortgage loans and obligations held in securitization trusts, net ) ) Other gain (loss), net ) Income (loss) before equity in earnings of unconsolidated ventures and income taxes ) Equity in earnings of unconsolidated ventures Income tax expense ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) 

F-56 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 ) Property and other income Management fee expense ) ) Property operating expense ) ) Transaction, investment and servicing expense ) ) ) ) ) Interest expense on real estate ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Decrease of current expected credit loss reserve Compensation and benefits ) ) Operating expense ) ) ) ) ) Restructuring charges ) ) Unrealized gain on mortgage loans and obligations held in securitization trusts, net Realized loss on mortgage loans and obligations held in securitization trusts, net ) ) Other gain, net Income (loss) before equity in earnings of unconsolidated ventures and income taxes ) Equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated ventures ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) 
 
 Senior and Mezzanine Loans and Preferred Equity CRE Debt Securities Net Leased and Other Real Estate Corporate (1) 
 Total Year Ended December 31, 2020 Net interest income (expense) ) Property and other income Management fee expense ) ) Property operating expense ) ) Transaction, investment and servicing expense ) ) ) ) ) Interest expense on real estate ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) Increase of current expected credit loss reserve ) ) Impairment of operating real estate ) ) Compensation and benefits (5,518) (5,518) Operating expense ) ) ) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on mortgage loans and obligations held in securitization trusts, net ) ) Other gain (loss), net ) ) ) ) Loss before equity in earnings of unconsolidated ventures and income taxes ) ) ) ) ) Equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated ventures ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) ) 
 _________________________________________ 
 (1) Includes losses incurred from the CRE securities purchased at a discount, recognized using the effective interest method had the transaction been recorded as an available for sale security, at amortized cost. During the year ended December 31, 2020, million was attributable to discount accretion income and was eliminated in consolidation in the corporate segment. The corresponding interest expense is recorded in net interest income in the Corporate column. 
 F-57 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 December 31, 2021 
 _________________________________________ 
 (1) Includes investments in unconsolidated ventures totaling million as of December 31, 2021. 
 (2) Includes PE Investments totaling million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 (3) Includes cash, unallocated receivables, deferred costs and other assets, net and the elimination of the subordinate tranches of a securitization trust in consolidation. 
 Geography 
 Geography is generally defined as the location in which the income producing assets reside or the location in which income generating services are performed. Geography information on total income includes equity in earnings of unconsolidated ventures. 
 Europe ) ) Total (1) 

Europe Total (2) 
 
 _________________________________________ 
 (1) Includes interest income, interest income on mortgage loans held in securitization trusts, property and other income and equity in earnings of unconsolidated ventures. 
 
 F-58 

Table of Contents 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 18. 
 ) ) Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests: Investment Entities Operating Partnership ) Net income (loss) attributable to BrightSpire Capital, Inc. common stockholders ) ) Numerator: Net (income) loss allocated to participating securities (non-vested shares) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders ) ) Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding - basic (1) 
 Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted (2) 
 Net income (loss) per common share - basic ) Net income (loss) per common share - diluted ) ) 
 _________________________________________ 
 (1) The outstanding shares used to calculate the weighted average basic shares outstanding exclude and of restricted stock awards as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, net of forfeitures, respectively, as those shares were issued but were not vested and therefore, not considered outstanding for purposes of computing basic income (loss) per common share. 
 (2) The calculation of diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2021 excludes the effect of weighted average unvested non-participating restricted shares of as the effect would be antidilutive. 
 
 19. 
 million to the Manager. The Company no longer pays base management fees or incentive fees with respect to any period after April 30, 2021. The Company incurred million of restructuring costs for the year ended December 31, 2021, which were paid by the Company in the second quarter of 2021. The additional restructuring costs of million consist primarily of fees paid for legal and investment banking advisory services. There were restructuring charges incurred for the year ended December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 1, Business and Organization, for further detail. 
 
 20. 
 
 per share of its Class A common stock for the quarter ended December 31, 2022, to stockholders of record on December 31, 2022. 
 
 F-59 

Table of Contents 

 2018 years Industrial-California 2018 years Office-Colorado 2017 years Office-Indiana 2017 years Office-Missouri ) 2018 years Office-Norway ) 2018 years Office-Pennsylvania ) 2018 years Retail-Illinois ) 2017 years Retail-Indiana ) 2017 years Retail-Kansas ) 2017 years Retail-Maine ) 2017 years Retail-Massachusetts ) 2017 years Retail-New Hampshire ) 2017 years Retail-New York ) 2017 years Total operating real estate, net ) 
 _________________________________________ 
 (1) The aggregate gross cost of total real estate assets for federal income tax purposes is billion as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Gross amount carried is shown net of impairment and net of the effect of changes in foreign exchange rates. 
 (3) Depreciation is calculated using a useful life of to years for buildings and improvements. 
 (4) Properties consolidated upon the Company s formation reflect an acquisition date of February 1, 2018, the effective date of consolidation. 

F-60 

Table of Contents 

 Improvements and capitalized costs Dispositions ) Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates ) ) Balance at December 31 Classified as held for investment, net (1) 
 Classified as held for sale, net (2) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, held for investment _________________________________________ 
 (1) Represents one property classified as held for sale at December 31, 2019 and transferred to held for investment, net during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 (2) Amounts classified as held for sale during the year and remain as held for sale at the end of the year. 
 Changes in accumulated depreciation for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Balance at January 1 Depreciation expense Dispositions ) Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates ) ) Balance at December 31 Classified as held for investment (1) 
 Classified as held for sale (2) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, held for investment _________________________________________ 
 (1) Amounts classified as held for investment during the year and remain as held for investment at the end of the year. 
 (2) Amounts classified as held for sale during the year and remain as held for sale at the end of the year. 
 F-61 

Table of Contents 

 November 2024 I/O Hotel-California, USA July 2023 I/O Office-California, USA March 2023 I/O Office-Massachusetts, USA March 2024 I/O Office-Various, USA - 
 January 2023 to December 2024 Both Multifamily -Various, USA - 
 April 2023 to May 2025 I/O Other (Mixed-Use) - New York, USA - 
 November 2023 to May 2024 I/O Industrial-California, USA - 
 April 2024 to August 2025 I/O Hotel-Colorado, USA 
 February 2024 I/O Subordinated mortgage and mezzanine: Hotel-Various, USA - 
 March 2022 - July 2023 Both Multifamily -Various, USA - 
 March 2023 - February 2025 Both Preferred equity interests: Multifamily -Various, USA 
 December 2032 I/O Total Loans Gross General CECL reserve ) Specific CECL reserve ) Carrying value, net 
 _________________________________________ 
 (1) Loans with carrying values that are individually less than of the total carrying value have been aggregated according to collateral type and location. 
 (2) Variable rate loans are determined based on the applicable index in effect as of December 31, 2022. 
 (3) Represents contractual maturity that does not contemplate exercise of extension option. 
 (4) Payment terms: P I = Periodic payment of principal and interest; I/O = Periodic payment of interest only with principal at maturity. 
 (5) Prior liens represent loan amounts owned by third parties that are senior to the Company s mezzanine or preferred equity positions and are approximate. 
 (6) Carrying amounts as of December 31, 2022 are presented gross of the Company s CECL reserve of million. 
 (7) The aggregate cost of loans and preferred equity held for investment is approximately billion for federal tax purposes as of December 31, 2022. 
 (8) Represents principal balance of loans which are 90 days or more past due as to principal or interest. Includes the Long Island City, New York Office senior loan which is in interest payment default and was placed on a nonaccrual status on September 9, 2022. The total carrying value before the specific CECL reserve at December 31, 2022 is million. In addition, this includes the New York, New York Hotel mezzanine loan which is in maturity default as of March 2022. However, because the borrower has provided all interest payments due through December 31, 2022, the loan has not been placed on nonaccrual status. The carrying value before CECL reserve at December 31, 2022 is million. Subsequent to December 31, 2022 the New York, New York Hotel mezzanine loan was extended to December 2023. 

F-62 

Table of Contents 

 Acquisitions/originations/additional funding Loan maturities/principal repayments ) ) ) Discount accretion/premium amortization Capitalized interest ) ) (Increase) decrease of CECL reserve ) ) Charge-off Effect of CECL adoption ) Transfer to loans held for sale ) Balance at December 31 

F-63 

Table of Contents 

 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 Omitted at Registrant s option. 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 2.1 Amended and Restated Master Combination Agreement, dated as of November 20, 2017, among Colony Capital Operating Company, LLC, NRF RED REIT Corp., NorthStar Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., NorthStar Real Estate Income Trust Operating Partnership, LP, NorthStar Real Estate Income II, Inc., NorthStar Real Estate Income Operating Partnership II, LP, Colony NorthStar Credit Real Estate, Inc. and Credit RE Operating Company, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (No. 333-221685) effective December 6, 2017) 
 3.1 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of BrightSpire Capital, Inc., as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (No. 001-38377) for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 filed on August 5, 2021) 
 3.2 Fifth Amended and Restated Bylaws of BrightSpire Capital, Inc. 
 4.1 Description of the Registrant s Securities 
 10.1 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of BrightSpire Capital Operating Company, LLC dated as of June 24, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on June 24, 2021) 
 10.2 Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement, dated April 30, 2021, by and between Colony Credit Real Estate, Inc. and Capital Operating Company, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on May 3, 2021) 
 10.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2018, by and among Colony NorthStar Credit Real Estate, Inc., Colony Capital Operating Company, LLC and NRF RED REIT Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on February 1, 2018) 
 10.4 Credit Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2018, by and among Credit RE Operating Company, LLC, the other Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time parties thereto, the Several Lenders from time to time parties thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on February 1, 2018) 
 10.5 First Amendment, dated as of November 19, 2018, to the Credit Agreement dated as of February 1, 2018 by and among Credit RE Operating Company LLC, the Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time parties thereto, the several Lenders from time to time parties thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (No. 001-38377) filed on March 01, 2019) 
 10.6 Second Amendment, dated as of December 17, 2018, to the Credit Agreement dated as of February 1, 2018 by and among Credit RE Operating Company LLC, the Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time parties thereto, the several Lenders from time to time parties thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (No. 001-38377) filed on March 01, 2019) 
 10.7 Third Amendment and Waiver, dated as of May 6, 2020, to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2018, among Credit RE Operating Company, LLC, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (No. 001-38377) filed on May 8, 2020 
 10.8 Fourth Amendment dated as of April 5, 2021, among Credit RE Operating Company, LLC, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on April 7, 2021) 
 10.9 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2022, by and among BrightSpire Capital Operating Company, LLC, as a borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No.001-38377) filed on January 31, 2022) 
 10.10 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement, between Colony NorthStar Credit Real Estate, Inc. and the Officers and Directors of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on February 1, 2018) 
 10.11 
 Colony NorthStar Credit Real Estate, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-222812) filed on February 1, 2018) 
 10.12 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement to the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 15, 2018) 
 10.13 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement to the BrightSpire Capital, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on May 5, 2022) 
 10.14 BrightSpire Capital, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan, dated May 5, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on May 5, 2022) 
 10.15 BrightSpire Capital, Inc. Severance Policy 
 10.16 Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of April 26, 2018, by and among Barclays Bank PLC, CLNC Credit 7, LLC and the other sellers from time to time party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on May 2, 2018) 
 10.17 First Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2021, by and among Barclays Bank PLC, CLNC Credit 7, LLC and the other sellers from time to time party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on January 25, 2021) 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 10.18 Second Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of February 8, 2022, by and between Barclays Bank PLC and BrightSpire Credit 7, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (No. 001-38377) filed on February 22, 2022) 
 10.19 Third Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement dated as of June 1, 2022, by and between Barclays Bank PLC and BrightSpire Credit 7, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on June 6, 2022) 
 10.20 Fourth Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of July 7, 2022, by and between Barclays Bank PLC and BrightSpire Credit 7, LLC (f/k/a CLNC Credit 7, LLC) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (No.001-38377) for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 filed on August 3, 2022) 
 10.21 Guaranty, made as of April 26, 2018, by Credit RE Operating Company, LLC for the benefit of Barclays Bank PLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on May 2, 2018) 
 10.22 Amendment to Guaranty, dated as of May 7, 2020, by Credit RE Operating Company, LLC for the benefit of Barclays Bank PLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (No. 001-38377) filed on May 8, 2020) 
 10.23 Second Amendment to Guaranty, dated as of April 14, 2021, by Credit RE Operating Company, LLC for the benefit of Barclays Bank PLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on April 19, 2021) 
 10.24 Third Amendment to Guaranty, dated as of January 28, 2022, by and between BrightSpire Capital Operating Company, LLC and Barclays Bank PLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (No. 001-38377) filed on February 22, 2022) 
 10.25 Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of June 19, 2018, by and between CLNC Credit 6, LLC and Goldman Sachs Bank USA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on June 25, 2018) 
 10.26 First Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of June 16, 2020, by and between CLNC Credit 6, LLC and Goldman Sachs Bank USA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on June 19, 2020) 
 10.27 Second Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement and other Transaction Documents, dated as of April 14, 2021, by and between CLNC Credit 6, LLC, Credit RE Operating Company, LLC and Goldman Sachs Bank USA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on April 19, 2021) 
 10.28 Guaranty, dated as of June 19, 2018, by Credit RE Operating Company, LLC, for the benefit of Goldman Sachs Bank USA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on June 25, 2018) 
 10.29 Amendment to Guaranty, dated as of May 7, 2020, by Credit RE Operating Company, LLC for the benefit of Goldman Sachs Bank USA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (No. 001-38377) filed on May 8, 2020) 
 10.30 Second Amendment to Guaranty, dated as of April 14, 2021, by Credit RE Operating Company, LLC for the benefit of Goldman Sachs Bank USA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on April 19, 2021) 
 10.31 Third Amendment to Guaranty, dated as of January 28, 2022, by and between BrightSpire Capital Operating Company, LLC and Goldman Sachs Bank USA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (No. 001-38377) filed on February 22, 2022) 
 10.32 Reaffirmation of Guarantor, dated as of June 16, 2020, by Credit RE Operating Company, LLC, for the benefit of Goldman Sachs Bank USA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on June 19, 2020) 
 10.33 Reaffirmation of Guarantor, dated as of April 14, 2021, by Credit RE Operating Company, LLC, for the benefit of Goldman Sachs Bank USA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on April 19, 2021) 
 10.34 Master Repurchase and Securities Contract, dated as of November 2, 2018, by and between CLNC Credit 8, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on November 7, 2018) 
 10.35 Amendment No. 1 to Master Repurchase and Securities Contract, dated as of November 1, 2019, by and between CLNC Credit 8, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (No.001-38377) filed on May 6, 2021) 
 10.36 Amendment No. 2 to Master Repurchase and Securities Contract, dated as of May 4, 2021, by and between CLNC Credit 8, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (No. 001-38377 filed on May 6, 2021) 
 10.37 Amendment No. 3 to Master Repurchase and Securities Contract, dated as of February 17, 2022, by and between BrightSpire Credit 8, LLC (f/k/a CLNC Credit 8, LLC) and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (No. 001-38377) filed on February 22, 2022) 
 10.38 Amendment No. 4 to Master Repurchase and Securities Contract, dated as of June 22, 2022, by and between BrightSpire Credit 8, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on June 23, 2022) 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 10.39 Guarantee Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2018, by Credit RE Operating Company, LLC for the benefit of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on November 7, 2018) 
 10.40 Amendment to Guarantee Agreement, dated as of May 7, 2020, by Credit RE Operating Company, LLC for the benefit of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (No. 001-38377) filed on May 8, 2020) 
 10.41 Second Amendment to Guarantee, dated as of April 13, 2021, by Credit RE Operating Company, LLC for the benefit of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on April 19, 2021) 
 10.42 Third Amendment to Guarantee, dated as of January 28, 2022, by and between BrightSpire Capital Operating Company, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (No. 001-38377) filed on February 22, 2022) 
 10.43 Fourth Amendment to Guarantee Agreement, dated as of June 22, 2022, by and between BrightSpire Capital Operating Company, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on June 23, 2022) 
 10.44 Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, dated as of April 23, 2019, by and among MS Loan NT-I, LLC, MS Loan NT-II, LLC, CLNC Credit 1, LLC, CLNC Credit 2, LLC, CLNC Credit 1EU, LLC, CLNC Credit 1UK, LLC and Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on April 26, 2019) 
 10.45 First Omnibus Amendment, dated as of February 14, 2020, to the Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract Agreement, dated as of April 23, 2019, by and among MS Loan NT-I, LLC, MS Loan NT-II, LLC, CLNC Credit 1, LLC, CLNC Credit 2, LLC, CLNC Credit 1EU, LLC, CLNC Credit 1UK, LLC and Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (No. 001-38377) filed on May 8, 2020) 
 10.46 Amended and Restated Guaranty Agreement, made as of April 20, 2018, by Credit RE Operating Company, LLC in favor of Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on April 25, 2018) 
 10.47 Ratification, Reaffirmation and Confirmation of Transaction Documents, dated as of April 23, 2019, by and among MS Loan NT-I, LLC, MS Loan NT-II, LLC, CLNC Credit 1, LLC, CLNC Credit 2, LLC, CLNC Credit 1EU, LLC, CLNC Credit 1UK, LLC, Credit RE Operating Company, LLC and Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on April 26, 2019) 
 10.48 Third Omnibus Amendment to Transaction Documents, dated as of May 7, 2020, by and between Credit RE Operating Company, LLC and Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (No. 001-38377) filed on May 8, 2020) 
 10.49 Fourth Omnibus Amendment to Transaction Documents, dated as of February 22, 2021, by and between MS Loan NT-I, LLC, MS Loan NT-II, LLC, CLNC Credit 1, LLC, CLNC Credit 2, LLC, CLNC Credit 1EU, LLC and CLNC Credit 1UK, LLC, Credit RE Operating Company, LLC and Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to the Company s Form 10-K (001-38377) filed on February 25, 2021) 
 10.50 Fifth Omnibus Amendment, dated as of April 14, 2021, by and among MS Loan NT-I, LLC, MS Loan NT-II, LLC, CLNC Credit 1, LLC, CLNC Credit 2, LLC, CLNC Credit 1EU, LLC, CLNC Credit 1UK, LLC, Credit RE Operating Company, LLC and Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on April 19, 2021) 
 10.51 Sixth Omnibus Amendment, dated as of April 20, 2021, by and among MS Loan NT-I, LLC, MS Loan NT-II, LLC, CLNC Credit 1, LLC, CLNC Credit 2, LLC, CLNC Credit 1EU, LLC, CLNC Credit 1UK, LLC, Credit RE Operating Company, LLC and Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (No.001-38377) filed on May 6, 2021) 
 10.52 Sixth Omnibus Amendment to Transaction Documents, dated as of January 24, 2022, by and between BrightSpire Capital Operating Company, LLC and Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (No. 001-38377) filed on February 22, 2022) 
 10.53 Seventh Omnibus Amendment to Transaction Documents, dated as of January 28, 2022, by and between BrightSpire Capital Operating Company, LLC and Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (No. 001-38377) filed on February 22, 2022) 
 10.54 Eighth Omnibus Amendment to Transaction Documents, dated as of July 11, 2022, by and between BrightSpire Capital Operating Company, LLC and Morgan Stanley, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on July 13, 2022) 
 10.55 Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of April 26, 2019, by and among NSREIT CB Loan, LLC, CB Loan NT-II, LLC, CLNC Credit 3, LLC, CLNC Credit 4, LLC, CLNC Credit 3EU, LLC, CLNC Credit 3UK, LLC and Citibank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on May 1, 2019) 
 10.56 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2021, by and among NSREIT CB Loan, LLC, CB Loan NT-II, LLC, CLNC Credit 3, LLC, CLNC Credit 4, LLC, CLNC Credit 3EU, LLC, CLNC Credit 3UK, LLC, Credit RE Operating Company, LLC and Citibank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on April 19, 2021) 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 10.57 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of August 24, 2021, by and among NSREIT CB Loan, LLC, CB Loan NT-II, LLC, BrightSpire Credit 3, LLC, BrightSpire Credit 4, LLC, BrightSpire Credit 3EU, LLC and BrightSpire Credit 3UK, LLC, BrightSpire Capital Operating Company, LLC and Citibank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (No. 001-38377) filed on November 3, 2021) 
 10.58 Fourth Amendment to Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of July 28, 2022 by and among NSREIT CB Loan, LLC, CB Loan NT-II, LLC, BrightSpire Credit 3, LLC, BrightSpire Credit 4, LLC, BrightSpire Credit 3EU, LLC and BrightSpire Credit 3UK, LLC, BrightSpire Capital Operating Company, LLC and Citibank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (No. 001-38377) for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 filed on August 3, 2022) 
 10.59 Guaranty, made as of April 23, 2018, by Credit RE Operating Company, LLC for the benefit of Citibank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on April 25, 2018) 
 10.60 Omnibus Amendment to Other Transaction Documents and Reaffirmation of Guaranty, dated as of April 26, 2019, by and among NSREIT CB Loan, LLC, CB Loan NT-II, LLC, CLNC Credit 3, LLC, CLNC Credit 4, LLC, CLNC Credit 3EU, LLC, CLNC Credit 3UK, LLC, Credit RE Operating Company, LLC and Citibank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on May 1, 2019) 
 10.61 First Amendment to Guaranty, dated as of May 7, 2020, by Credit RE Operating Company, LLC for the benefit of Citibank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (No. 001-38377) filed on May 8, 2020) 
 10.62 Second Amendment to Guaranty, dated as of April 14, 2021, by Credit RE Operating Company, LLC for the benefit of Citibank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on April 19, 2021) 
 10.63 Third Amendment to Guaranty, dated as of January 28, 2022, by and between BrightSpire Capital Operating Company, LLC and Citibank, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.54 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (No. 001-38377) filed on February 22, 2022) 
 10.64 Indenture, dated as of October 22, 2019, by and among CLNC 2019-FL1, Ltd., as Issuer, CLNC 2019-FL1, LLC, as Co-Issuer, CLNC Advancing Agent, LLC, as Advancing Agent, U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, Note Administrator and Custodian (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on October 25, 2019) 
 10.65 Indenture, dated as of July 20, 2021, by and among BRSP 2021-FL1, Ltd., as Issuer, BRSP 2021-FL1, LLC, as Co-Issuer, BrightSpire Capital Advancing Agent, LLC (f/k/a CLNC Advancing Agent, LLC), as Advancing Agent, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Note Administrator and as Custodian (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on July 26, 2021) 
 10.66 Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of July 20, 2021, by and among CLNC 2019-FL 1, Ltd., as issuer, CLNC 2019-FL 1, LLC, as co-issuer, BrightSpire Capital Advancing Agent, LLC (f/k/a CLNC Advancing Agent, LLC), as advancing agent and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Quarterly Rep ort on Form 10-Q (No. 001-38377) filed on May 5, 2022) 
 10.67 Supplemental Indenture No. 2, dated as of March 15, 2022, by and among CLNC 2019-FL 1, Ltd., as issuer, CLNC 2019-FL 1, LLC, as co-issuer, BrightSpire Capital Advancing Agent, LLC (f/k/a CLNC Advancing Agent, LLC), as advancing agent and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (No. 001-38377) filed on May 5, 2022) 
 10.68 Amended and Restated Management Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2019, by and among Colony Credit Real Estate, Inc., Credit RE Operating Company, LLC and CLNC Manager, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (No. 001-38377) filed on November 08, 2019) 
 10.69 Termination Agreement, dated April 4, 2021, by and among Colony Credit Real Estate, Inc., Credit RE Operating Company, LLC, CLNC Manager, LLC, and solely for the purposes of Section 8.15 thereof, Colony Capital Investment Advisors, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on April 5, 2021) 
 10.70 Employment Agreement by and between Michael Mazzei and CLNC US, LLC, as amended April 30, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on May 3, 2021) 
 10.71 Form of Executive Employment Letter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-38377) filed on May 3, 2021) 
 21.1 List of Significant Subsidiaries of BrightSpire Capital, Inc. 
 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young LLP 
 31.1 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 17 CFR 240.13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 17 CFR 240.13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 32.2 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 ______________________________________ 
 Filed herewith 
 Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission a copy of any omitted portions of the exhibit upon request. 
 Denotes a management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 Date: February 21, 2023 
 /s/ Michael J. Mazzei Michael J. Mazzei Chief Executive Officer 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Michael J. Mazzei and Frank V. Saracino and each of them severally, her or his true and lawful attorney-in-fact with power of substitution and re-substitution to sign in her or his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to do any and all things and execute any and all instruments that such attorney may deem necessary or advisable under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules, regulations and requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments hereto, as fully for all intents and purposes as she or he might or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and confirms all said attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, and her or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 SIGNATURE TITLE DATE /s/ Michael J. Mazzei Chief Executive Officer and Director February 21, 2023 Michael J. Mazzei (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Frank V. Saracino Chief Financial Officer February 21, 2023 Frank V. Saracino (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Catherine D. Rice Director February 21, 2023 Catherine D. Rice /s/ Kim S. Diamond Director February 21, 2023 Kim S. Diamond /s/ Catherine F. Long Director February 21, 2023 Catherine F. Long /s/ Vernon B. Schwartz Director February 21, 2023 Vernon B. Schwartz /s/ John E. Westerfield Director February 21, 2023 John E. Westerfield 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 brsp12312022exhibit32.htm
 EX-3.2

Document 
 Exhibit 3.2 

BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 FOURTH FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 
 Adopted as of June 24 February 21 , 2021 2023 
 ARTICLE I 
 OFFICES 
 Section 1. PRINCIPAL OFFICE . The principal office of BrightSpire Capital, Inc. (the Corporation in the State of Maryland shall be located at such place as the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors may designate. 
 
 Section 2. ADDITIONAL OFFICES . The Corporation may have additional offices, including a principal executive office, at such places as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the Corporation may require. 
 
 ARTICLE II MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
 Section 1. PLACE . All meetings of stockholders shall be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation or at such other place as shall be set in accordance with these Bylaws and stated in the notice of the meeting. 
 
 Section 2. ANNUAL MEETING . An annual meeting of stockholders for the election of directors and the transaction of any business within the powers of the Corporation shall be held on the date and at the time and place set by the Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 3. SPECIAL MEETINGS . 
 
 (a) General . Each of the Chairman of the Board of Directors, Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer, President and the Board of Directors may call a special meeting of stockholders. Except as provided in subsection (b)(3) of this Section 3, a special meeting of stockholders shall be held on the date and at the time and place set by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer, President or the Board of Directors, whoever has called the meeting. Subject to subsection (b) of this Section 3, a special meeting of stockholders shall also be called by the Secretary of the Corporation to act on any matter that may properly be considered at a meeting of stockholders upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on such matter at such meeting. 
 (b) Stockholder-Requested Special Meetings . (1) Any stockholder of record seeking to have stockholders request a special meeting shall, by sending written notice to the Secretary (the Record Date Request Notice by registered mail, return receipt requested, request the Board of Directors to fix a record date to determine the stockholders entitled to request a special meeting (the Request Record Date ). The Record Date Request Notice shall set forth the purpose of the meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on at it, shall be signed by one or more stockholders of record as of the date of signature (or their agents duly authorized in a writing accompanying the Record Date Request Notice), shall bear the date of signature of each such stockholder (or such agent) and shall set forth all information relating to each such stockholder and each matter proposed to be acted on at the meeting that would be required to be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of directors in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such a solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Exchange Act ). Upon receiving the Record Date Request Notice, the Board of Directors may fix a Request Record Date. The Request Record Date shall not precede and shall not be more than ten (10) days after the close of business on the date on which the resolution fixing the Request Record Date is adopted by the Board of Directors. If the Board of Directors, within ten (10) days after the date on which a valid Record Date Request Notice is received, fails to adopt a resolution fixing the Request Record Date, the Request Record Date shall be the close of business on the tenth (10 th day after the first date on which a Record Date Request Notice is received by the Secretary. 

(2) In order for any stockholder to request a special meeting to act on any matter that may properly be considered at a meeting of stockholders, one or more written requests for a special meeting (collectively, the Special Meeting Request signed by stockholders of record (or their agents duly authorized in a writing accompanying the request) as of the Request Record Date entitled to cast not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on 
 1 

such matter at such meeting (the Special Meeting Percentage shall be delivered to the Secretary. In addition, the Special Meeting Request shall (i) set forth the purpose of the meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on at it (which shall be limited to those lawful matters set forth in the Record Date Request Notice received by the Secretary), (ii) bear the date of signature of each such stockholder (or such agent) signing the Special Meeting Request, (iii) set forth the name and address, as they appear in the Corporation s books, of each stockholder signing such request (or on whose behalf the Special Meeting Request is signed), the class, series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation that are owned (beneficially or of record) by each such stockholder, and the nominee holder for, and the number of shares owned by such stockholder beneficially but not of record, (iv) be sent to the Secretary by registered mail, return receipt requested, and (v) be received by the Secretary within sixty (60) days after the Request Record Date. Any requesting stockholder (or agent duly authorized in a writing accompanying the revocation of the Special Meeting Request) may revoke his, her or its request for a special meeting at any time by written revocation delivered to the Secretary. 
 The Secretary shall inform the requesting stockholders of the reasonably estimated cost of preparing and mailing the notice of meeting (including the Corporation s proxy materials). The Secretary shall not be required to call a special meeting upon stockholder request , and such meeting shall not be held unless, in addition to the documents required by the foregoing, the Secretary receives payment of such reasonably estimated cost prior to the preparation and mailing or delivery of any notice of the meeting. The Board of Directors may revoke the notice for any Stockholder Requested Stockholder-Requested Meeting (as defined below) in the event that the requesting stockholders fail to comply with this paragraph (2) of Section 3(b). 
 
 (3) In the case of any special meeting called by the Secretary upon the request of stockholders (a Stockholder-Requested Meeting ), such meeting shall be held at such place, date and time as may be designated by the Board of Directors provided , however , that the date of any Stockholder-Requested Meeting shall be not more than ninety (90) days after the record date for such meeting (the Meeting Record Date and provided further that if the Board of Directors fails to designate, within ten (10) days after the date that a valid Special Meeting Request is actually received by the Secretary (the Delivery Date ), a date and time for a Stockholder-Requested Meeting, then such meeting shall be held at 2 00 p.m., local time, on the ninetieth (90 th day after the Meeting Record Date or, if such ninetieth (90 th day is not a Business Day (as defined below), on the first preceding Business Day and provided further that in the event that the Board of Directors fails to designate a place for a Stockholder-Requested Meeting within ten (10) days after the Delivery Date, then such meeting shall be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation. In fixing a date for Stockholder Requested Meeting, the Board of Directors may consider such factors as it deems relevant, including, without limitation, the nature of the matters to be considered, the facts and circumstances surrounding any request for the meeting and any plan of the Board of Directors to call an annual meeting or a special meeting. In the case of any Stockholder-Requested Meeting, if the Board of Directors fails to fix a Meeting Record Date that is a date within thirty (30) days after the Delivery Date, then the close of business on the thirtieth (30 th day after the Delivery Date shall be the Meeting Record Date. 
 (4) If written revocations of the Special Meeting Request have been delivered to the Secretary and the result is that stockholders of record (or their agents duly authorized in writing), as of the Request Record Date, entitled to cast less than the Special Meeting Percentage have delivered, and not revoked, requests for a special meeting on the matter to the Secretary (i) if the notice of meeting has not already been delivered, the Secretary shall refrain from delivering the notice of the meeting and send to all requesting stockholders who have not revoked such requests written notice of any revocation of a request for a special meeting on the matter, or (ii) if the notice of meeting has been delivered and if the Secretary first sends to all requesting stockholders who have not revoked requests for a special meeting on the matter written notice of any revocation of a request for the special meeting and written notice of the Corporation s intention to revoke the notice of the meeting or for the chairman of the meeting to adjourn the meeting without action on the matter, (A) the Secretary may revoke the notice of the meeting at any time before ten (10) days before the commencement of the meeting or (B) the chairman of the meeting may call the meeting to order and adjourn the meeting from time to time without acting on the matter. Any request for a special meeting received after a revocation by the Secretary of a notice of meeting shall be considered a request for a new special meeting. 
 (5) The Chairman of the Board of Directors, Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer, President or the Board of Directors may appoint regionally or nationally recognized independent inspectors of elections to act as the agent of the Corporation for the purpose of promptly performing a ministerial review of the validity of any purported Special Meeting Request received by the Secretary. For the purpose of permitting the inspectors to perform such review, no such purported Special Meeting Request shall be deemed to have been received by the Secretary until the earlier of (i) five (5) Business Days after actual receipt by the Secretary of such purported request and (ii) such date as the independent inspectors certify to the Corporation that the valid requests received by the Secretary represent, as of the Request Record Date, stockholders of record entitled to cast not less than the Special Meeting Percentage. Nothing contained in this paragraph (5) shall in any way be construed to suggest or imply that the Corporation or any stockholder shall not be entitled to contest the validity of any request, whether during or after such five (5) Business Day period, or to take any other action (including, without limitation, the commencement, prosecution or defense of any litigation with respect thereto, and the seeking of injunctive relief in such litigation). 
 2 

(6) For purposes of these Bylaws, Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close. 
 
 Section 4. NOTICE . 
 
 (a) Not less than ten (10) nor more than ninety (90) days before each meeting of stockholders, the Secretary shall give to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting and to each stockholder not entitled to vote who is entitled to notice of the meeting notice in writing or by electronic transmission stating the date, time and place of the meeting and, in the case of a special meeting or as otherwise may be required by any statute, the purpose for which the meeting is called, by mail, by presenting it to such stockholder personally, by leaving it at the stockholder s residence or usual place of business, by electronic transmission or by any other means permitted by Maryland law. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail addressed to the stockholder at the stockholder s address as it appears on the records of the Corporation, with postage thereon prepaid. If transmitted electronically, such notice shall be deemed to be given when transmitted to the stockholder by an electronic transmission to any address or number of the stockholder at which the stockholder receives electronic transmissions. The Corporation may give a single notice to all stockholders who share an address, which single notice shall be effective as to any stockholder at such address, unless a stockholder at such address objects to receiving such single notice or revokes a prior consent to receiving such single notice. Failure to give notice of any meeting to one or more stockholders, or any irregularity in such notice, shall not affect the validity of any meeting fixed in accordance with this Article II or the validity of any proceedings at any such meeting. 
 
 (b) Subject to Section 11(a) of this Article II, any business of the Corporation may be transacted at an annual meeting of stockholders without being specifically designated in the notice, except such business as is required by any statute to be stated in such notice. No business shall be transacted at a special meeting of stockholders except as specifically designated in the notice of such special meeting. The Corporation may postpone or cancel a meeting of stockholders by notice to the stockholders prior to convening any such meeting or by making a public announcement (as defined in Section 11(c)(3) of this Article II) of such postponement or cancellation prior to the meeting. Notice of the date, time and place to which the meeting is postponed shall be given not less than ten (10) days prior to such date and otherwise in the manner set forth in this section. 
 
 Section 5. ORGANIZATION AND CONDUCT . Every meeting of stockholders shall be conducted by an individual appointed by the Board of Directors to be chairman of the meeting or, in the absence of such appointment or appointed individual, by the Chairman of the Board of Directors or, in the case of a vacancy in the office or absence of the Chairman of the Board of Directors, by one of the following officers present at the meeting in the following order the Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Vice Presidents in their order of rank and, within each rank, in their order of seniority, the Secretary, or, in the absence of such officers, a chairman chosen by the stockholders by the vote of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast at the meeting by stockholders present in person or by proxy. The Secretary or, in the case of a vacancy in the office or absence of the Secretary, an Assistant Secretary or an individual appointed by the Board of Directors or the chairman of the meeting shall act as secretary of the meeting. In the event that the Secretary presides at a meeting of stockholders, an Assistant Secretary, or, in the absence of all Assistant Secretaries, an individual appointed by the Board of Directors or the chairman of the meeting, shall record the minutes of the meeting. The order of business and all other matters of procedure at any meeting of stockholders shall be determined by the chairman of the meeting. The chairman of the meeting may prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and take such action as, in the discretion of the chairman of the meeting and without any action by the stockholders, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting, including, without limitation, (a) restricting admission to the time set for the commencement of the meeting (b) limiting attendance or participation at the meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation, their duly authorized proxies and such other individuals as the chairman of the meeting may determine (c) limiting the time allotted to questions or comments (d) determining when and for how long the polls should be opened and when the polls should be closed (e) maintaining order and security at the meeting (f) removing any stockholder or any other individual who refuses to comply with meeting procedures, rules or guidelines as set forth by the chairman of the meeting (g) concluding a meeting or recessing or adjourning the meeting, whether or not a quorum is present, to a later date and time and at a place announced at the meeting and (h) complying with any state and local laws and regulations concerning safety and security. Unless otherwise determined by the chairman of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with any rules of parliamentary procedure. 
 
 Section 6. QUORUM . At any meeting of stockholders, the presence in person or by proxy of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting on any matter shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business but this section shall not affect any requirement under any statute or under the charter of the Corporation (the Charter for the vote necessary for the approval of any matter. If such quorum is not established at any meeting of stockholders, the chairman of the meeting may adjourn the meeting from time to time to a date not more than one hundred and twenty (120) days after the original record date without notice other than announcement at the meeting. At such adjourned meeting, if a quorum shall be present, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally convened. 
 
 3 

The stockholders present either in person or by proxy at a meeting that has been duly called and at which a quorum has been established, may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal from the meeting of enough stockholders to leave fewer than would be required to establish a quorum. 
 
 Section 7. VOTING . A nominee for director shall be elected as a director only if such nominee receives the affirmative vote of a majority of the total votes cast for and against such nominee at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present. However, directors shall be elected by a plurality of all the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present for which (a) the Secretary receives notice that a stockholder has nominated an individual for election as a director in compliance with the requirements of advance notice of stockholder nominees for director set forth in Article II, Section 11 of these Bylaws, and (b) such nomination has not been withdrawn by such stockholder on or before the close of business on the tenth (10 th day before the date of filing of the definitive proxy statement of the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission , SEC ), and, as a result of which, the number of nominees is greater than the number of directors to be elected at the meeting. Each share of stock entitles the holder thereof to vote for as many individuals as there are directors to be elected and for whose election the holder of such share of stock is entitled to vote. A majority of the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present shall be sufficient to approve any other matter that may properly come before the meeting, unless more than a majority of the votes cast or entitled to be cast is required by statute or by the Charter. Unless otherwise provided by statute or by the Charter, each outstanding share of stock, regardless of class, entitles the holder thereof to cast one vote on each matter submitted to a vote at a meeting of stockholders. Voting on any question or in any election may be viva voce unless the chairman of the meeting shall order that voting be by ballot or otherwise. 
 
 Section 8. PROXIES . A holder of record of shares of stock of the Corporation may cast votes in person or by proxy executed by the stockholder or by the stockholder s duly authorized agent in any manner permitted by applicable law. Such proxy or evidence of authorization of such proxy shall be filed with the Secretary before or at the meeting. No proxy shall be valid more than eleven (11) months after its date unless otherwise provided in the proxy. 
 Any stockholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other stockholders must use a proxy card color other than white, which shall be reserved for exclusive use by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 9. VOTING OF STOCK BY CERTAIN HOLDERS . Shares of stock of the Corporation registered in the name of a corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity, if entitled to be voted, may be voted by the president or a vice president, managing member, director, manager, general partner or trustee thereof, as the case may be, or a proxy appointed by any of the foregoing individuals, unless some other person who has been appointed to vote such shares of stock pursuant to a bylaw or a resolution of the governing body of such corporation or other entity or agreement of the partners of a partnership presents a certified copy of such bylaw, resolution or agreement, in which case such person may vote such shares of stock. Any trustee or fiduciary, in such capacity, may vote shares of stock registered in such trustee s or fiduciary s name, either in person or by proxy. 
 
 Shares of stock of the Corporation directly or indirectly owned by it shall not be voted at any meeting and shall not be counted in determining the total number of outstanding shares entitled to be voted at any given time, unless they are held by it, directly or indirectly, in a fiduciary capacity, in which case they may be voted and shall be counted in determining the total number of outstanding shares at any given time. 
 
 The Board of Directors may adopt by resolution a procedure by which a stockholder may certify in writing to the Corporation that any shares of stock registered in the name of the stockholder are held for the account of a specified person other than the stockholder. The resolution shall set forth the class of stockholders who may make the certification, the purpose for which the certification may be made, the form of certification and the information to be contained in it if the certification is with respect to a record date, the time after the record date within which the certification must be received by the Corporation and any other provisions with respect to the procedure which the Board of Directors considers necessary or appropriate. On receipt by the Secretary of such certification, the person specified in the certification shall be regarded as, for the purposes set forth in the certification, the stockholder of record of the specified shares of stock in place of the stockholder who makes the certification. 
 
 Section 10. INSPECTORS . The Board of Directors or the chairman of the meeting may appoint, before or at the meeting, one or more inspectors for the meeting and any successor to the inspector. Except as otherwise provided by the chairman of the meeting, the inspectors, if any, shall (a) determine the number of shares of stock represented at the meeting, in person or by proxy, and the validity and effect of proxies, (b) receive and tabulate all votes, ballots or consents, (c) report such tabulation to the chairman of the meeting, (d) hear and determine all challenges and questions arising in connection with the right to vote, and (e) do such acts as are proper to fairly conduct the election or vote. Each such report shall be in writing and signed by the inspector or by a majority of them if there is more than one inspector acting at such meeting. If there is more than one inspector, the report of a majority shall be the report of the inspectors. The report of the inspector or inspectors on the number of shares represented at the meeting and the results of the voting shall be prima facie evidence thereof. 
 
 4 

Section 11. ADVANCE NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDER NOMINEES FOR DIRECTOR AND OTHER STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS . 
 
 (a) Annual Meetings of Stockholders . (1) Nominations of individuals for election to the Board of Directors and the proposal of other business to be considered by the stockholders may be made at an annual meeting of stockholders (i) pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting, (ii) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (iii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who was a stockholder of record at the record date set by the Board of Directors for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting, at the time of giving of notice by the stockholder as provided for in this Section 11(a) and at the time of the annual meeting (and any postponement or adjournment thereof), who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated or on any such other business and who has complied with this Section 11(a). 
 
 (2) For nominations or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (iii) of paragraph (a)(1) of this Section 11, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary and any such other business must otherwise be a proper matter for action by the stockholders and complied in all respects with the requirements of Section 14 of the Exchange Act, including, without limitation, and to the extent applicable, the requirements of Rule 14a-19 (as such rule and regulation may be amended from time to time by the SEC, including any SEC staff interpretations related thereto) . To be timely, a stockholder s notice shall set forth all information required under this Section 11 and shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation not earlier than the one hundred fiftieth (150 th day nor later than 5 00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the one hundred twentieth (120 th day prior to the first (1 st anniversary of the date of the proxy statement (as defined in Section 11(c)(3) of this Article II) for the preceding year s annual meeting provided, however , that in connection with the Corporation s first annual meeting or in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced or delayed by more than thirty (30) days from the first (1 st anniversary of the date of the preceding year s annual meeting, in order for notice by the stockholder to be timely, such notice must be so delivered not earlier than the one hundred fiftieth (150 th day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than 5 00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the later of the one hundred twentieth (120 th day prior to the date of such annual meeting, as originally convened, and the tenth (10) day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made. The public announcement of a postponement or adjournment of an annual meeting shall not commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. The number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at the annual meeting shall not exceed the number of directors to be elected at such annual meeting, and for the avoidance of doubt, no stockholder shall be entitled to make additional or substitute nominations following the expiration of the time periods set forth in this Section 11(a)(2). 
 
 (3) Such stockholder s notice shall set forth 
 
 (i) as to each individual whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director (each, a Proposed Nominee ), all information relating to the Proposed Nominee that would be required to be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of the Proposed Nominee as a director in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act 
 
 (ii) as to any other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a description of such business, the stockholder s reasons for proposing such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person (as defined below), individually or in the aggregate, including any anticipated benefit to the stockholder or the Stockholder Associated Person therefrom 
 
 (iii) as to the stockholder giving the notice, any Proposed Nominee and any Stockholder Associated Person, 
 
 (A) the class, series and number of all shares of stock or other securities of the Corporation or any affiliate thereof (collectively, the Company Corporation Securities ), if any, that are owned (beneficially or of record) by such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, and any short interest (including any opportunity to profit or share in any benefit from any decrease in the price of such stock or other security) in any Company Corporation Securities of any such person, 
 
 (B) the nominee holder for, and number of, any Company Corporation Securities owned beneficially but not of record by such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, 
 
 (C) whether and the extent to which such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, directly or indirectly (through brokers, nominees or otherwise), is subject to any hedging, derivative or other transaction or series of transactions or entered into any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short interest, any borrowing or lending of securities or any proxy or voting agreement), the effect or intent of which is to (I) manage risk or benefit from changes in the price of Company Corporation Securities for such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person or (II) increase or decrease the voting power of such stockholder, 
 5 

Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person in the Corporation or any affiliate thereof disproportionately to such person s economic interest in the Company Corporation Securities and 
 (D) any substantial interest, direct or indirect (including, without limitation, any existing or prospective commercial, business or contractual relationship with the Corporation), by security holdings or otherwise, of such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, in the Corporation or any affiliate thereof, other than an interest arising from the ownership of Company Corporation Securities where such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person receives no extra or special benefit not shared on a pro rata basis by all other holders of the same class or series and 
 
 (iv) as to the stockholder giving the notice, any Stockholder Associated Person with an interest or ownership referred to in clauses (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph (3) of this Section 11(a) and any Proposed Nominee, 
 
 (A) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Corporation s stock ledger, and the current name and business address, if different, of each such Stockholder Associated Person and any Proposed Nominee, 
 
 (B) the investment strategy or objective, if any, of such stockholder and each such Stockholder Associated Person who is not an individual, and 
 
 (C) to the extent known by the stockholder giving the notice, the name and address of any other stockholder supporting the Proposed Nominee for election or reelection as a director or the proposal of other business on the date of such stockholder s notice . , and 
 
 (D) a representation as to whether such stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person intends, or is part of a group (whether at, below or above 5 in beneficial ownership) that intends, to (i) deliver a proxy statement and or form of proxy to holders (including any beneficial owners pursuant to Rule 14b-1 and Rule 14b-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of, in the case of a nomination, at least 67 of the voting power of stock issued and outstanding, or, in the case of a business proposal, at least the percentage of the voting power of stock issued and outstanding that is required to approve or adopt the proposal, (ii) otherwise solicit proxies from stockholders in support of such nomination or proposal, and or (iii) solicit the holders of shares representing at least 67 of the voting power of shares entitled to vote on the election of directors in support of director nominees other than the Corporation s nominees required pursuant to Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Exchange Act. 
 
 (4) Such stockholder s notice shall, with respect to any Proposed Nominee, be accompanied by a written undertaking executed by the Proposed Nominee (i) that such Proposed Nominee (a) is not, and will not become, a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation in connection with service or action as a director that has not been disclosed to the Corporation and (b) consents to being named in a proxy statement relating to the applicable meeting as a nominee and will serve as a director of the Corporation if elected and (ii) attaching a completed Proposed Nominee questionnaire (which questionnaire shall be provided by the Corporation, upon request by the stockholder providing the notice, and shall include all information relating to the Proposed Nominee that would be required to be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of the Proposed Nominee as a director in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act, or would be required pursuant to the rules of any national securities exchange on which any securities of the Corporation are listed or over-the-counter market on which any securities of the Corporation are traded). 
 
 (5) Notwithstanding anything in this subsection (a) of this Section 11 to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board of Directors is increased, and there is no public announcement of such action at least one hundred and thirty (130) days prior to the first (1 st anniversary of the date of the proxy statement (as defined in Section 11(c)(3) of this Article II) for the preceding year s annual meeting, a stockholder s notice required by this Section 11(a) shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation not later than 5 00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the tenth (10 th day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Corporation. 
 
 (6) For purposes of this Section 11, Stockholder Associated Person of any stockholder shall mean (i) any person acting in concert with such stockholder, (ii) any beneficial owner of shares of stock of the Corporation owned of record or beneficially by such stockholder (other than a stockholder that is a depositary) and (iii) any person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, such stockholder or such Stockholder Associated Person. 
 
 (b) Special Meetings of Stockholders . Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting. Nominations of individuals for election to the Board of Directors may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected only (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (ii) provided that the special meeting has been called in accordance with Section 3(a) of this Article II for the purpose of electing directors, by any stockholder of the Corporation who is a stockholder of record at the record date set by the Board of Directors for the purpose of determining 
 6 

stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting, at the time of giving of notice provided for in this Section 11 and at the time of the special meeting (and any postponement or adjournment thereof), who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated and who has complied with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 11. In the event the Corporation calls a special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more individuals to the Board of Directors, any stockholder may nominate an individual or individuals (as the case may be) for election as a director as specified in the Corporation s notice of meeting, if (i) the stockholder s notice, containing the information required by paragraphs (a)(3) and (4) of this Section 11, is delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation not earlier than the one hundred twentieth (120 th day prior to such special meeting and not later than 5 00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the later of the ninetieth (90 th day prior to such special meeting and the tenth (10 th day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board of Directors to be elected at such meeting and (ii) the stockholder otherwise complied in all respects with the requirements of Section 14 of the Exchange Act, including, without limitation, the requirements of Rule 14a-19 (as such rule and regulation may be amended from time to time by the SEC, including any SEC staff interpretations related thereto) . The public announcement of a postponement or adjournment of a special meeting shall not commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. The number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at the special meeting shall not exceed the number of directors to be elected at such special meeting, and for the avoidance of doubt, no stockholder shall be entitled to make additional or substitute nominations following the expiration of the time periods set forth in this Section 11(b). 
 
 (c) Genera l. (1) If information submitted pursuant to this Section 11 by any stockholder proposing a nominee for election as a director or any proposal for other business at a meeting of stockholders shall be inaccurate in any material respect, such information may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 11. Any such stockholder shall notify the Corporation of any inaccuracy or change in any such information or if its intention to comply with Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act has changed (each within two (2) Business Days of becoming aware of such inaccuracy or change) in any such information . A stockholder shall further update and supplement its notice of any nominee for election as a director or any proposal for other business at a meeting of stockholders to be brought before a meeting, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 11 shall be true and correct (i) as of the record date for the meeting and (ii) as of the date that is ten (10) Business Days prior to the meeting or any adjournment, recess, rescheduling or postponement thereof. Such update and supplement shall be delivered to the Secretary not later than three (3) Business Days after the later of the record date or the date notice of the record date is first publicly announced (in the case of update and supplement required to be made as of the record date for the meeting) and not later than seven (7) Business Days prior to the date for the meeting, if practicable (or, if not practicable, on the first practicable date prior to the meeting), or any adjournment, recess, rescheduling or postponement thereof (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of ten (10) Business Days prior to the meeting or any adjournment, recess, rescheduling or postponement thereof) . Upon written request by the Secretary or the Board of Directors, any such stockholder shall provide, within five (5) Business Days of delivery of such request (or such other period as may be specified in such request), (A) written verification, satisfactory, in the discretion of the Board of Directors or any authorized officer of the Corporation, to demonstrate the accuracy of any information submitted by the stockholder pursuant to this Section 11, and (B) a written update of any information (including, if requested by the Corporation, written confirmation by such stockholder that it continues to intend to bring such nomination or other business proposal before the meeting) submitted by the stockholder pursuant to this Section 11 as of an earlier date. If a stockholder fails to provide such written verification or written update within such period, the information as to which written verification or a written update was requested may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 11. 
 
 (2) Only such individuals who are nominated in accordance with this Section 11 shall be eligible for election by stockholders as directors, and only such business shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with this Section 11. The chairman of the meeting shall have the power to determine whether a nomination or any other business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with this Section 11 and, if he or she determines that any nomination or other business proposed to be brought before the meeting was not made or proposed, as the case may be, in compliance with this Section 11, to declare that such defective nomination or proposal , and any proxies or votes solicited for such nomination or proposal, be disregarded. 
 
 (3) For purposes of this Section 11, the date of the proxy statement shall have the same meaning as the date of the company s proxy statement released to shareholders as used in Rule 14a-8(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act, as interpreted by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC from time to time. Public announcement shall mean disclosure (A) in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press, Business Wire, PR Newswire or other widely circulated news or wire service or (B) in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act. 
 
 (4) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 11, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of state law and of the Exchange Act with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 11 provided, however, that any references in these Bylaws to the Exchange Act or the rules promulgated thereunder are not intended to and shall not limit the requirements applicable to nominations or proposals as to any other business to be 
 7 

considered pursuant to this Section 11. Nothing in this Section 11 shall be deemed to affect any right of a stockholder to request inclusion of a proposal in, or the right of the Corporation to omit a proposal from, any proxy statement filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act. Nothing in this Section 11 shall require disclosure of revocable proxies received by the stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person pursuant to a solicitation of proxies after the filing of an effective Schedule 14A by such stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person under Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 (5) Notwithstanding anything in these Bylaws to the contrary, except as otherwise determined by the chairman of the meeting, if the stockholder giving notice as provided for in this Section 11 does not appear in person or by proxy at such annual or special meeting to present each nominee for election as a director or the proposed business, as applicable, such matter shall not be considered at the meeting. 
 
 (6) Without limiting the other provisions and requirements of this Section 11, unless otherwise required by law, if any stockholder (a) provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act and (b) subsequently fails to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(2) and Rule 14a-19(a)(3) under the Exchange Act, then the Corporation shall disregard any proxies or votes solicited for such stockholder s nominees. If any stockholder provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act, such stockholder shall deliver to the Corporation, no later than five (5) Business Days prior to the applicable meeting, reasonable evidence that it has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) under the Exchange Act. 
 
 Section 12. TELEPHONE MEETINGS . The Board of Directors or the chairman of the meeting may permit one or more stockholders to participate in a meeting by means of a conference telephone or other communications equipment if all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other at the same time. Participation in a meeting by these means shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. 
 
 Section 13. CONTROL SHARE ACQUISITION ACT . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Charter or these Bylaws, Title 3, Subtitle 7 of the Maryland General Corporation Law, or any successor statute (the MGCL ), shall not apply to any acquisition by any person of shares of stock of the Corporation. This section may be repealed, in whole or in part, at any time, whether before or after an acquisition of control shares and, upon such repeal, may, to the extent provided by any successor bylaw, apply to any prior or subsequent control share acquisition. 
 
 Section 14. STOCKHOLDERS CONSENT IN LIEU OF MEETING . Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of stockholders may be taken without a meeting (a) if a unanimous consent setting forth the action is given in writing or by electronic transmission by each stockholder entitled to vote on the matter and filed with the minutes of proceedings of the stockholders or (b) if the action is advised, and submitted to the stockholders for approval, by the Board of Directors and a consent in writing or by electronic transmission of stockholders entitled to cast not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take the action at a meeting of stockholders is delivered to the Corporation in accordance with the MGCL. The Corporation shall give notice of any action taken by less than unanimous consent to each stockholder not later than ten (10) days after the effective time of such action. 
 
 ARTICLE III DIRECTORS 
 Section 1. GENERAL POWERS . The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed under the direction of the Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 2. NUMBER, TENURE, RESIGNATION AND QUALIFICATIONS . A majority of the entire Board of Directors may establish, increase or decrease the number of directors provided that the number thereof shall never be less than the minimum number required by the MGCL, which is one (1), nor more than fifteen (15) provided further that the tenure of office of a director shall not be affected by any decrease in the number of directors. Except as otherwise provided in Section 11 of this Article III, directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of stockholders, and each director shall be elected to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualifies. Any director of the Corporation may resign at any time by delivering his or her resignation in writing to the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors or the Secretary. Any resignation shall take effect immediately upon its receipt or at such later time specified in the resignation. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective unless otherwise stated in the resignation. 
 
 A majority of the Board of Directors shall consist of directors who are independent as determined under the applicable listing standards and rules and regulations of the New York Stock Exchange (each, an Independent Director ). A qualification for each (1) nominee recommended by the Board of Directors to the stockholders to fill an Independent Director Position (as defined below) or (2) a director elected by the Board of Directors to fill an Independent Director Position shall be that such nominee or director shall have been recommended to the Board of Directors by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors. An Independent Director Position means a directorship that replaces an Independent Director, fills a vacancy on the Board of Directors that results from the death, 
 8 

resignation or removal of an Independent Director or results from an increase in the size of the Board of Directors, which new board position must be filled by an Independent Director. 
 
 Section 3. ANNUAL AND REGULAR MEETINGS . An annual meeting of the Board of Directors shall be held immediately after and at the same place as the annual meeting of stockholders, with no notice other than this Bylaw being necessary. In the event such meeting is not so held, the meeting may be held at such date, time and place as shall be specified in a notice given as hereinafter provided for special meetings of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may provide, by resolution, the date, time and place of regular meetings of the Board of Directors without other notice than such resolution. 
 Section 4. SPECIAL MEETINGS . Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by or at the request of the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or a majority of the directors then in office. The person or persons authorized to call special meetings of the Board of Directors may fix the date, time and place of any special meeting of the Board of Directors called by them. The Board of Directors may provide, by resolution, the time and place of special meetings of the Board of Directors without other notice than such resolution. 
 
 Section 5. NOTICE . Notice of any special meeting of the Board of Directors shall be delivered personally or by telephone, electronic mail, facsimile transmission, courier or United States mail to each director at his or her business or residence address or by any other means permitted under Maryland law. Notice by personal delivery, telephone, electronic mail or facsimile transmission shall be given at least twenty-four (24) hours prior to the meeting. Notice by United States mail shall be given at least three (3) days prior to the meeting. Notice by courier shall be given at least two (2) days prior to the meeting. Telephone notice shall be deemed to be given when the director or his or her agent is personally given such notice in a telephone call to which the director or his or her agent is a party. Electronic mail notice shall be deemed to be given upon transmission of the message to the electronic mail address given to the Corporation by the director. Facsimile transmission notice shall be deemed to be given upon completion of the transmission of the message to the number given to the Corporation by the director and receipt of a completed answer-back indicating receipt. Notice by United States mail shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail properly addressed, with postage thereon prepaid. Notice by courier shall be deemed to be given when deposited with or delivered to a courier properly addressed. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any annual, regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors need be stated in the notice, unless specifically required by statute or these Bylaws. 
 
 Section 6. QUORUM . A majority of the directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the Board of Directors provided that, if less than a majority of such directors is present at such meeting, a majority of the directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time without further notice and provided further that if, pursuant to applicable law, the Charter or these Bylaws, the vote of a majority or other percentage of a specified group of directors is required for action, a quorum must also include a majority or such other percentage of such group. 
 
 The directors present at a meeting that has been duly called and at which a quorum has been established may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal from the meeting of enough directors to leave fewer than required to establish a quorum. 
 
 Section 7. VOTING . The action of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the action of the Board of Directors, unless the concurrence of a greater proportion is required for such action by applicable law, the Charter or these Bylaws. If enough directors have withdrawn from a meeting to leave fewer than required to establish a quorum, but the meeting is not adjourned, the action of the majority of that number of directors necessary to constitute a quorum at such meeting shall be the action of the Board of Directors, unless the concurrence of a greater proportion is required for such action by applicable law, the Charter or these Bylaws. 
 
 Section 8. ORGANIZATION . At each meeting of the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board of Directors or, in the absence of the Chairman, the Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, if any, shall act as chairman of the meeting. In the absence of both the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or, in the absence of the Chief Executive Officer, the President or, in the absence of the President, a director chosen by a majority of the directors present, shall act as chairman of the meeting. The Secretary or, in his or her absence, an Assistant Secretary, or, in the absence of the Secretary and all Assistant Secretaries, an individual appointed by the chairman of the meeting, shall act as secretary of the meeting. 
 Section 9. TELEPHONE MEETINGS . Directors may participate in a meeting by means of a conference telephone or other communications equipment if all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other at the same time. Participation in a meeting by these means shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. 
 
 Section 10. CONSENT BY DIRECTORS WITHOUT A MEETING . Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting, if a consent in writing or by electronic transmission to such action is given by each director and is filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors. 
 
 9 

Section 11. VACANCIES . If for any reason any or all of the directors cease to be directors, such event shall not terminate the Corporation or affect these Bylaws or the powers of the remaining directors hereunder. Except as may be provided by the Board of Directors in setting the terms of any class or series of preferred stock, any vacancy on the Board of Directors for any cause other than an increase in the number of directors may be filled by a majority of the remaining directors, even if such majority is less than a quorum. Any vacancy in the number of directors created by an increase in the number of directors may be filled by a majority of the entire Board of Directors. Any individual so elected as director shall serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualifies. 
 
 Section 12. COMPENSATION . Directors shall not receive any stated salary for their services as directors but, by resolution of the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof, may receive compensation per year and or per meeting and or per visit to real property or other facilities owned or leased by the Corporation and for any service or activity they performed or engaged in as directors. Directors may be reimbursed for expenses of attendance, if any, at each annual, regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof and for their expenses, if any, in connection with each property visit and any other service or activity they perform or engage in as directors but nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any directors from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. 
 
 Section 13. RELIANCE . Each director and officer of the Corporation shall, in the performance of his or her duties with respect to the Corporation, be entitled to rely on any information, opinion, report or statement, including any financial statement or other financial data, prepared or presented by an officer or employee of the Corporation whom the director or officer reasonably believes to be reliable and competent in the matters presented, by a lawyer, certified public accountant or other person, as to a matter that the director or officer reasonably believes to be within the person s professional or expert competence, or, with respect to a director, by a committee of the Board of Directors on which the director does not serve, as to a matter within its designated authority, if the director reasonably believes the committee to merit confidence. 
 
 Section 14. RATIFICATION . The Board of Directors or the stockholders may ratify any action or inaction by the Corporation or its officers to the extent that the Board of Directors or the stockholders could have originally authorized the matter, and if so ratified, shall have the same force and effect as if originally duly authorized, and such ratification shall be binding upon the Corporation and its stockholders. Any action or inaction questioned in any stockholders derivative proceeding or any other proceeding on the ground of lack of authority, defective or irregular execution, adverse interest of a director, officer or stockholder, non-disclosure, miscomputation, the application of improper principles or practices of accounting or otherwise, may be ratified, before or after judgment, by the Board of Directors or by the stockholders, and if so ratified, shall have the same force and effect as if the questioned action or inaction had been originally duly authorized, and such ratification shall constitute a bar to any claim or execution of any judgment in respect of such questioned action or inaction. 
 
 Section 15. CERTAIN RIGHTS OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS . A director or officer of the Corporation shall have no responsibility to devote his or her full time to the affairs of the Corporation. Any director or officer, in his or her personal capacity or in a capacity as an affiliate, employee, or agent of any other person, or otherwise, may have business interests and engage in business activities similar to, in addition to or in competition with those of or relating to the Corporation. 
 
 Section 16. EMERGENCY PROVISIONS . Notwithstanding any other provision in the Charter or these Bylaws, this Section 16 shall apply during the existence of any catastrophe, or other similar emergency condition, as a result of which a quorum of the Board of Directors under Article III of these Bylaws cannot readily be obtained (an Emergency ). During any Emergency, unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors, (a) a meeting of the Board of Directors or a committee thereof may be called by any director or officer by any means feasible under the circumstances, (b) notice of any meeting of the Board of Directors during such an Emergency may be given less than twenty-four (24) hours prior to the meeting to as many directors and by such means as may be feasible at the time, including publication, television or radio, and (c) the number of directors necessary to constitute a quorum shall be one-third of the entire Board of Directors. 

ARTICLE IV COMMITTEES 
 Section 1. NUMBER, TENURE AND QUALIFICATIONS . The Board of Directors may appoint from among its members an Executive Committee, an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and other committees, composed of one or more directors, to serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. In the absence of any member of any such committee, the members thereof present at any meeting, whether or not they constitute a quorum, may appoint another director to act in the place of such absent member provided that such director meets the requirements of such committee. 
 
 10 

Section 2. POWERS . The Board of Directors may delegate to any committee appointed under Section 1 of this Article IV any of the powers of the Board of Directors, except as prohibited by law. Except as may be otherwise provided by the Board of Directors, any committee may delegate some or all of its power and authority to one or more subcommittees, composed of one or more directors, as the committee deems appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion. 
 
 Section 3. MEETINGS . Notice of committee meetings shall be given in the same manner as notice for special meetings of the Board of Directors. A majority of the members of the committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the committee. The act of a majority of the committee members present at a meeting shall be the act of such committee. The Board of Directors, or the members of a committee to which such power has been duly delegated by the Board of Directors, may designate a chairman of any committee, and such chairman or, in the absence of a chairman, any two (2) members of any committee (if there are at least two (2) members of the committee) may fix the time and place of its meetings unless the Board of Directors shall otherwise provide. 
 
 Section 4. TELEPHONE MEETINGS . Members of a committee of the Board of Directors may participate in a meeting by means of a conference telephone or other communications equipment if all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other at the same time. Participation in a meeting by these means shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. 
 
 Section 5. CONSENT BY COMMITTEES WITHOUT A MEETING . Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of a committee of the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting, if a consent in writing or by electronic transmission to such action is given by each member of the committee and is filed with the minutes of proceedings of such committee. 
 
 Section 6. REMOVAL AND VACANCIES . Subject to the provisions hereof, the Board of Directors shall have the power at any time to change the membership or size of any committee (including the removal of any member of such committee), to appoint the chair of any committee, to fill any vacancy, to designate an alternate member to replace any absent or disqualified member or to dissolve any such committee. 
 
 ARTICLE V 
 OFFICERS 
 Section 1. GENERAL PROVISIONS . The officers of the Corporation shall include a President, a Secretary and a Treasurer and may include a Chairman of the Board of Directors, a Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, a Chief Executive Officer, one or more Vice Presidents, a Chief Operating Officer, a Chief Financial Officer, one or more Assistant Secretaries and one or more Assistant Treasurers. In addition, the Board of Directors may from time to time elect such other officers with such powers and duties as it shall deem necessary or appropriate. The officers of the Corporation shall be elected annually by the Board of Directors, except that the Chief Executive Officer or President may from time to time appoint one or more Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers or other officers. The Board of Directors may elect, or the Chief Executive Officer may appoint, as the case may be, one or more persons to each office. Each officer shall serve until his or her successor is duly elected and qualifies or until his or her death, or his or her resignation or removal in the manner hereinafter provided. Any two (2) or more offices except President and Vice President, Secretary and Assistant Secretary or Treasurer and Assistant Treasurer may be held by the same person. Election of an officer or agent shall not of itself create contract rights between the Corporation and such officer or agent. 
 
 Section 2. REMOVAL AND RESIGNATION . Any officer or agent of the Corporation may be removed, with or without cause, by the Board of Directors if in its judgment the best interests of the Corporation would be served thereby, but such removal shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the person so removed. Any officer of the Corporation may resign at any time by delivering his or her written resignation to the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Secretary. Any resignation shall take effect immediately upon its receipt or at such later time specified in the resignation. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective unless otherwise stated in the resignation. Such resignation shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the Corporation. 
 
 Section 3. VACANCIES . A vacancy in any office may be filled by the Board of Directors for the balance of the term. 
 
 Section 4. CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD . The Board of Directors may designate from among its members a Chairman of the Board of Directors, who shall not, solely by reason of these Bylaws, be an officer of the Corporation. The Board of Directors may designate the Chairman of the Board of Directors as an executive or non-executive chairman. The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall preside over the meetings of the Board of Directors. The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall perform such other duties as may be assigned to him or her by these Bylaws or the Board of Directors. 
 11 

Section 5. VICE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD . The Board of Directors may designate from among its members a Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, who shall not, solely by reason of these Bylaws, be an officer of the Corporation. The Board of Directors may designate the Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors as an executive or non-executive vice chairman. The Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors shall perform such other duties as may be assigned to him or her by these Bylaws or the Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 6. CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER . The Board of Directors may designate a Chief Executive Officer. In the absence of such designation, the Chairman of the Board of Directors shall be the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation. The Chief Executive Officer shall have general responsibility for implementation of the policies of the Corporation, as determined by the Board of Directors, and for the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation. He or she may execute any deed, mortgage, bond, contract or other instrument, except in cases where the execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors or by these Bylaws to some other officer or agent of the Corporation or shall be required by law to be otherwise executed and in general shall perform all duties incident to the office of Chief Executive Officer and such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors from time to time. 
 
 Section 7. CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER . The Board of Directors may designate a Chief Operating Officer. The Chief Operating Officer shall have the responsibilities and duties as determined by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 Section 8. CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER . The Board of Directors may designate a Chief Financial Officer. The Chief Financial Officer shall have the responsibilities and duties as determined by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 Section 9. PRESIDENT . In the absence of a Chief Executive Officer, the President shall in general supervise and control all of the business and affairs of the Corporation. In the absence of a designation of a Chief Operating Officer by the Board of Directors, the President shall be the Chief Operating Officer. He or she may execute any deed, mortgage, bond, contract or other instrument, except in cases where the execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors or by these Bylaws to some other officer or agent of the Corporation or shall be required by law to be otherwise executed and in general shall perform all duties incident to the office of President and such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors from time to time. 
 
 Section 10. VICE PRESIDENTS . In the absence of the President or in the event of a vacancy in such office, the Vice President (or in the event there be more than one Vice President, the Vice Presidents in the order designated at the time of their election or, in the absence of any designation, then in the order of their election) shall perform the duties of the President and when so acting shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the President and shall perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to such Vice President by the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may designate one or more Vice Presidents as Executive Vice President, Senior Vice President or as Vice President for particular areas of responsibility. 
 
 Section 11. SECRETARY . The Secretary shall (a) keep the minutes of the proceedings of the stockholders, the Board of Directors and committees of the Board of Directors in one or more books provided for that purpose (b) see that all notices are duly given in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws or as required by law (c) be custodian of the corporate records and of the seal of the Corporation (d) keep a register of the post office address of each stockholder which shall be furnished to the Secretary by such stockholder (e) have general charge of the stock transfer books of the Corporation and (f) in general perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him or her by the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 12. TREASURER . The Treasurer shall have custody of the funds and securities of the Corporation, shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the Corporation, shall deposit all moneys and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the Corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the Board of Directors and in general perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him or her by the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Board of Directors. In the absence of a designation of a Chief Financial Officer by the Board of Directors, the Treasurer shall be the Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation. 
 
 The Treasurer shall disburse the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall render to the President and Board of Directors, at the regular meetings of the Board of Directors or whenever it may so require, an account of all his or her transactions as Treasurer and of the financial condition of the Corporation. 
 
 Section 13. ASSISTANT SECRETARIES AND ASSISTANT TREASURERS . The Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers, in general, shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to them by the Secretary or Treasurer, respectively, or by the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Board of Directors. 
 
 12 

Section 14. COMPENSATION . The compensation of the officers shall be fixed from time to time by or under the authority of the Board of Directors and no officer shall be prevented from receiving such compensation by reason of the fact that he or she is also a director. 
 
 ARTICLE VI CONTRACTS, CHECKS AND DEPOSITS 
 Section 1. CONTRACTS . The Board of Directors, a committee of the Board of Directors acting within the scope of its delegated authority, or any manager of the Corporation approved by the Board of Directors and acting within the scope of its authority pursuant to a management agreement with the Corporation, may authorize any officer or agent to enter into any contract or to execute and deliver any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation and such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. Any agreement, deed, mortgage, lease or other document shall be valid and binding upon the Corporation when duly authorized or ratified by action of the Board of Directors, such other committee or such manager acting within the scope of its authority pursuant to a management agreement and executed by an authorized person. 
 
 Section 2. CHECKS AND DRAFTS . All checks, drafts or other orders for the payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of the Corporation shall be signed by such officer or agent of the Corporation in such manner as shall from time to time be determined by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 3. DEPOSITS . All funds of the Corporation not otherwise employed shall be deposited or invested from time to time to the credit of the Corporation as the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer or any other officer designated by the Board of Directors may determine. 
 
 ARTICLE VII STOCK 
 Section 1. CERTIFICATES . Except as may be otherwise provided by the Board of Directors or any officer of the Corporation, stockholders of the Corporation are not entitled to certificates representing the shares of stock held by them. In the event that the Corporation issues shares of stock represented by certificates, such certificates shall be in such form as prescribed by the Board of Directors or a duly authorized officer, shall contain the statements and information required by the MGCL and shall be signed by the officers of the Corporation in any manner permitted by the MGCL. In the event that the Corporation issues shares of stock without certificates, to the extent then required by the MGCL the Corporation shall provide to the record holders of such shares a written statement of the information required by the MGCL to be included on stock certificates. There shall be no differences in the rights and obligations of stockholders based on whether or not their shares are represented by certificates. 
 
 Section 2. TRANSFERS . All transfers of shares of stock shall be made on the books of the Corporation, by or on behalf of the holder of the shares of stock, in person or by his or her duly authorized agent, in such manner as the Board of Directors or any officer of the Corporation may prescribe and, if such shares of stock are certificated, upon surrender of certificates duly endorsed. The issuance of a new certificate upon the transfer of certificated shares of stock is subject to the determination of the Board of Directors or an officer of the Corporation that such shares shall no longer be represented by certificates. Upon the transfer of uncertificated shares of stock, the Corporation shall provide to the record holders of such shares of stock, to the extent then required by the MGCL, a written statement of the information required by the MGCL to be included on stock certificates. 
 
 The Corporation shall be entitled to treat the holder of record of any share of stock as the holder in fact thereof and, accordingly, shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise expressly provided by the laws of the State of Maryland. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, transfers of shares of any class or series of stock of the Corporation will be subject in all respects to the Charter, any applicable law (including, without limitation, the MGCL), and all of the terms and conditions contained therein. 
 
 Section 3. REPLACEMENT CERTIFICATE . Any officer of the Corporation may direct a new certificate or certificates to be issued in place of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the Corporation alleged to have been lost, destroyed, stolen or mutilated, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate to be lost, destroyed, stolen or mutilated provided, however , that if such shares of stock have ceased to be certificated, no new certificate shall be issued unless requested in writing by such stockholder and the Board of Directors or an officer of the Corporation has determined that such certificates may be issued. Unless otherwise determined by an officer of the Corporation, the owner of such lost, destroyed, stolen or mutilated certificate or certificates, or his or her legal representative, shall be required, as a condition precedent to the issuance of a new certificate or certificates, to give the 
 13 

Corporation a bond in such sums as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the Corporation. 
 
 Section 4. FIXING OF RECORD DATE . The Board of Directors may set, in advance, a record date for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or determining stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or the allotment of any other rights, or in order to make a determination of stockholders for any other proper purpose. Such record date, in any case, shall not be prior to the close of business on the day the record date is fixed and shall be not more than ninety (90) days and, in the case of a meeting of stockholders, not less than ten (10) days, before the date on which the meeting or particular action requiring such determination of stockholders of record is to be held or taken. 
 
 When a record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders has been set as provided in this section, such record date shall continue to apply to the meeting if postponed or adjourned, except if the meeting is postponed or adjourned to a date more than one hundred and twenty (120) days after the record date originally fixed for the meeting, in which case a new record date for such meeting shall be determined as set forth herein. 
 
 Section 5. STOCK LEDGER . The Corporation shall maintain at its principal office or at the office of its counsel, accountants or transfer agent, an original or duplicate stock ledger containing the name and address of each stockholder and the number of shares of each class of stock held by such stockholder. 
 
 Section 6. FRACTIONAL STOCK ISSUANCE OF UNITS . The Board of Directors may authorize the Corporation to issue fractional shares of stock or authorize the issuance of scrip, all on such terms and under such conditions as it may determine. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Charter or these Bylaws, the Board of Directors may authorize the issuance of units consisting of different securities of the Corporation. 
 
 ARTICLE VIII ACCOUNTING YEAR 
 The Board of Directors shall have the power, from time to time, to fix the fiscal year of the Corporation by a duly adopted resolution. 
 
 ARTICLE IX DISTRIBUTIONS 
 Section 1. AUTHORIZATION . Dividends and other distributions upon the stock of the Corporation may be authorized by the Board of Directors, subject to the provisions of law and the Charter. Dividends and other distributions may be paid in cash, property or stock of the Corporation, subject to applicable law and the Charter. 
 
 Section 2. CONTINGENCIES . Before payment of any dividend or other distribution, there may be set aside out of any assets of the Corporation available for dividends or other distributions such sum or sums as the Board of Directors may from time to time, in its discretion, think proper as a reserve fund for contingencies, for equalizing dividends or other distributions, for repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation or for such other purpose as the Board of Directors shall determine and the Board of Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve. 
 
 ARTICLE X INVESTMENT POLICY 
 Subject to the provisions of the Charter, the Board of Directors may from time to time adopt, amend, revise or terminate any policy or policies with respect to investments by the Corporation as it shall deem appropriate in its sole discretion. 
 ARTICLE XI 
 SEAL 
 Section 1. SEAL . The Board of Directors may authorize the adoption of a seal by the Corporation. The seal shall contain the name of the Corporation and the year of its incorporation and the words Incorporated Maryland. The Board of Directors may authorize one or more duplicate seals and provide for the custody thereof. 
 
 14 

Section 2. AFFIXING SEAL . Whenever the Corporation is permitted or required to affix its seal to a document, it shall be sufficient to meet the requirements of any law, rule or regulation relating to a seal to place the word (SEAL) adjacent to the signature of the person authorized to execute the document on behalf of the Corporation. 
 
 ARTICLE XII INDEMNIFICATION AND ADVANCE OF EXPENSES 
 To the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law in effect from time to time, the Corporation shall indemnify and, without requiring a preliminary determination of the ultimate entitlement to indemnification, shall pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to (a) any individual who is a present or former director or officer of the Corporation and who is made or threatened to be made a party to, or witness in, the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity or (b) any individual who, while a director or officer of the Corporation and at the request of the Corporation, serves or has served as a director, officer, trustee, member, manager, employee, partner or agent of another corporation, real estate investment trust, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or any other enterprise and who is made or threatened to be made a party to, or witness in, the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity. The rights to indemnification and advance of expenses provided by the Charter and these Bylaws shall vest immediately upon election of a director or officer. The Corporation shall provide such indemnification and advancement for expenses to an individual who served a predecessor of the Corporation in any of the capacities described in (a) or (b) above and may, with the approval of its Board of Directors, provide the same (or lesser) indemnification and advancement of expenses to any employee or agent of the Corporation or a predecessor of the Corporation. 
 
 The indemnification and payment or reimbursement of expenses provided in these Bylaws shall not be deemed exclusive of or limit in any way any other rights to which any person seeking indemnification or payment or reimbursement of expenses may be or may become entitled under any bylaw, resolution, insurance, agreement or otherwise. 
 
 Neither the amendment nor repeal of this Article, nor the adoption or amendment of any other provision of the Charter or these Bylaws inconsistent with this Article, shall apply to or affect in any respect the applicability of this Article with respect to any act or failure to act which occurred prior to the effective date of such amendment, repeal or adoption. 
 
 ARTICLE XIII WAIVER OF NOTICE 
 Whenever any notice of a meeting is required to be given pursuant to the Charter or these Bylaws or pursuant to applicable law, a waiver thereof in writing or by electronic transmission, given by the person or persons entitled to such notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice. Neither the business to be transacted at nor the purpose of any meeting need be set forth in the waiver of notice of such meeting, unless specifically required by statute. The attendance of any person at any meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where such person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business on the ground that the meeting has not been lawfully called or convened. 
 
 ARTICLE XIV EXCLUSIVE FORUM FOR CERTAIN LITIGATION 
 Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, or, if that Court does not have jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, Baltimore Division, shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any director or officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation or to the stockholders of the Corporation, (c) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any director or officer or other employee of the Corporation arising pursuant to any provision of the MGCL, the Charter or these Bylaws, or (d) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any director or officer or other employee of the Corporation that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 
 ARTICLE XV AMENDMENT OF BYLAWS 
 The Board of Directors shall have the power to adopt, alter or repeal any provision of these Bylaws and to make new Bylaws. In addition, the stockholders shall have the power, by the affirmative vote of a majority of all votes entitled to be cast on the matter, to adopt, alter or repeal any provision of these Bylaws, and to make new Bylaws, at a 
 15 

duly called annual meeting or special meeting of the stockholders and at which a quorum is present (a Stockholder Bylaw Proposal ). Any such proposal must be submitted to the Corporation in accordance with the procedures and deadlines set forth in Article II, Section 11 of these Bylaws and, in addition, for any stockholder to be eligible to submit a Stockholder Bylaw Proposal, such stockholder must meet the same eligibility requirements as those set forth in Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act, as may be amended from time to time Rule 14a-8 ). When a stockholder submits a Stockholder Bylaw Proposal, such stockholder must also submit sufficient evidence establishing that the eligibility requirements set forth in Rule 14a-8 have been met. 

16 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-4.1>
 3
 brsp12312022exhibit41.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 4.1 

 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 The following description sets forth certain material terms and provisions of our Class A common stock, which is our only security registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). This description also summarizes relevant provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL and certain provisions of our Articles of Amendment and Restatement, as amended (our charter and our Fifth Amended and Restated Bylaws (our bylaws ). The following summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the applicable provisions of the MGCL and our charter and bylaws, each of which are incorporated by reference as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.1 is a part. We encourage you to read our charter, our bylaws and the applicable provisions of the MGCL for additional information. 
 General 
 Our charter provides that we may issue up to 1,000,000,000 shares of stock, consisting of 950,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock, par value 0.01 per share (our common stock and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock. 
 Voting Rights of Common Stock 
 Subject to the provisions of our charter regarding the restrictions on transfer and ownership of shares of our common stock and except as may otherwise be specified in the terms of any class or series of shares of our common stock, each outstanding share of our common stock entitles the holder to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. There will be no cumulative voting in the election of directors. 
 Under the MGCL, a Maryland corporation generally cannot dissolve, amend its charter, merge, convert into another form of entity, sell all or substantially all of its assets, engage in a statutory share exchange or engage in similar transactions outside the ordinary course of business unless declared advisable by a majority of the corporation s board of directors and thereafter approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders holding at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter unless a lesser percentage (but not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter) is set forth in the corporation s charter. Our charter provides that these actions (other than amendments to the provisions of our charter related to the removal of directors and certain charter amendments, which each require the affirmative vote of the stockholders entitled to cast not less than two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter) may be taken if declared advisable by a majority of our board of directors and approved by the vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. However, Maryland law permits a corporation to transfer all or substantially all of its assets without the approval of the stockholders of the corporation to one or more persons if all of the equity interests of the person or persons are owned, directly or indirectly, by the corporation. 
 Dividends, Liquidation and Other Rights of Common Stock 
 Subject to the preferential rights of any of our other classes or series of stock, and subject to the provisions of our charter regarding the restrictions on ownership and transfer of shares of our stock, holders of shares of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends on such shares of common stock if, as and when authorized by our board of directors, and declared by our board of directors out of assets or funds legally available therefor. Such holders are also entitled to share ratably in our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders in the event of its liquidation, dissolution or winding up or any distribution of its assets after payment or establishment of reserves or other adequate provision for all of our debts and liabilities and any class or series of stock with preferential rights related thereto, including our preferred stock. 

Holders of our shares of common stock have no preference, conversion, exchange, sinking fund or redemption rights, have no preemptive rights to subscribe for any of our securities and generally have no appraisal rights. Subject to the provisions of our charter regarding the restrictions on ownership and transfer of shares of our capital stock, shares of our common stock will have equal dividend, liquidation and other rights. Rights to receive dividends and other distributions on our common stock may be subject to the preferences established in the terms of any class of our capital stock that may be established in the future. 
 In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up or any distribution of our assets, each holder of our common stock will be entitled to participate, together with any other class or series of stock not having a preference over our common stock, in the distribution of any remaining assets after payment of our debts and liabilities and distributions to holders of shares having a preference over our common stock. 
 Power to Reclassify Unissued Shares of our Capital Stock 
 Our charter authorizes our board of directors, without stockholder approval, to classify or reclassify any unissued shares of our common stock and classify any unissued shares of its preferred stock and reclassify any previously classified but unissued shares of its preferred stock into other classes or series of stock and set the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption of any such stock. Thus, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of preferred stock with priority as to distributions and amounts payable upon liquidation over the rights of the holders of our common stock. Such preferred stock could also have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control, including an extraordinary transaction (such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of its assets) that might provide a premium price for holders of shares of our common stock. 
 Power to Increase or Decrease Authorized Shares of our Capital Stock and Issue Additional Shares of our Capital Stock 
 Our charter authorizes our board of directors, with the approval of a majority of our board of directors and without stockholder approval, to amend our charter to increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares of our capital stock or the number of shares of our capital stock of any class or series that we are authorized to issue. The additional classes or series will be available for issuance without further action by our stockholders, unless such action is required by applicable law or the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE ). Our board of directors could authorize us to issue a class or series of our capital stock that could, depending upon the terms of the particular class or series, delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control of our company that might involve a premium price for holders of shares of our capital stock or otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders. 
 Conversion of the Company Class B Common Stock 
 Each share of our Class B common stock converted automatically into one share of our Class A common stock upon the close of trading on February 1, 2019 and each unissued share of Class B common stock was automatically reclassified as a share of Class A common stock. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC. 
 Listing 
 Our common stock is currently listed on the NYSE under the symbol BRSP. 
 Certain Provisions of Maryland Law and of our Charter and our Bylaws 
 Our Board of Directors 
 Our charter and our bylaws provide that, subject to the rights of holders of one or more classes or series of preferred stock, the number of our directors may be established by our board of directors but may not be fewer than 
 2 

the minimum required by the MGCL (which is currently one) nor more than 15. Any vacancy will be filled, at any regular meeting or at any special meeting called for that purpose, by a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum. 
 There is no cumulative voting in the election of directors. In uncontested elections, directors are elected by an affirmative vote of the majority of the votes cast for and against each director nominee. In contested elections, directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast. An election will be considered to be contested if (i) our secretary has received notice that a stockholder has nominated an individual for election as a director in compliance with the advance notice procedures of our bylaws and (ii) such nomination has not been withdrawn by the stockholder at least 10 days prior to the date that our proxy statement with respect to the meeting at which such nomination would be made is first released to stockholders and, as a result of which, the number of nominees is greater than the number of directors to be elected at the meeting. In any uncontested election of a director, any incumbent director who does not receive a majority of the votes cast with respect to the election of such director shall tender his or her resignation within three days after certification of the results, in accordance with our written corporate governance guidelines. 
 Our charter provides that we elect to be subject to a provision of Maryland law requiring that vacancies on our board of directors be filled only by the remaining directors and that any directors elected by our board of directors to fill a vacancy will serve for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred. 
 Removal of Directors 
 Our charter provides that, subject to the rights of holders of one or more classes or series of preferred stock, a director may be removed only for cause (defined in our charter to mean, with respect to any particular director, conviction of a felony or a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction holding that such director caused demonstrable, material harm to us through bad faith or active and deliberate dishonesty), and then only by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors. This provision, when coupled with the provisions in our charter and our bylaws authorizing our board of directors to fill vacant directorships, precludes stockholders from removing incumbent directors (except by a substantial affirmative vote and only for cause) and filling the vacancies created by the removal with their own nominees. 
 Special Meetings of Stockholders 
 The Chairperson of our board of directors, the Vice Chairman of our board of directors, our Chief Executive Officer, our President and a majority of our board of directors then in office may call special meetings of our stockholders. A special meeting of our stockholders to act on any matter that may properly be considered at a meeting of our stockholders must also be called by our secretary upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on such matter at the meeting and containing the information required by our bylaws. Our secretary will inform the requesting stockholders of the reasonably estimated cost of preparing and mailing the notice of meeting (including our proxy materials), and the requesting stockholder must pay such estimated cost before our secretary may prepare and mail the notice of the special meeting. 
 Business Combinations 
 Under Maryland law, business combinations between a Maryland corporation that has 100 or more beneficial owners of its voting stock and an interested stockholder or an affiliate of an interested stockholder are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. These business combinations include a merger, consolidation, share exchange or, in circumstances specified in the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities. An interested stockholder is defined as 
 any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of the corporation s outstanding voting stock or 
 3 

an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of then outstanding voting stock of the corporation. 
 A person is not an interested stockholder under the statute if the board of directors of the corporation approved in advance the transaction by which the person otherwise would have become an interested stockholder. In approving a transaction, the board of directors of the corporation may provide that its approval is subject to compliance, at or after the time of approval, with any terms and conditions determined by the board of directors. 
 After the five-year prohibition, any business combination between the Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder generally must be recommended by the board of directors of the corporation and approved by the affirmative vote of at least 
 80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of voting stock of the corporation and 
 two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting stock of the corporation other than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom or with whose affiliate the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder. 
 These supermajority vote requirements do not apply if the corporation s common stockholders receive a minimum price, as defined under Maryland law, for their shares in the form of cash or other consideration in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares. 
 The statute provides various exemptions from its provisions, including for business combinations that are exempted by the board of directors of the corporation before the time that an interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder for purposes of the statute. In accordance with this statute, our board of directors has exempted any business combinations between us and any person, provided that any such business combination is first approved by our board of directors. Consequently, the five-year prohibition and the supermajority vote requirements will not apply to any future business combinations between us and any interested stockholders (or their affiliates) that are first approved by our board of directors, including any future business combination with DigitalBridge OP or any of its current or future affiliates. 
 The business combination statute may discourage others from trying to acquire control of the Company in the future and increase the difficulty of consummating any offer. 
 Control Share Acquisitions 
 Maryland law provides that control shares (as defined below) of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition (as defined below) have no voting rights except to the extent approved by the affirmative vote of the holders entitled to cast two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Shares owned by the acquiror, by officers or by directors who are employees of the corporation are excluded from shares entitled to vote on the matter. Control shares are outstanding voting shares of stock which, if aggregated with all other shares of stock owned by the acquiror or in respect of which the acquiror is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquiror to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power 
 one-tenth or more but less than one-third 
 one-third or more but less than a majority or 
 a majority or more of all voting power. 
 4 

Control shares do not include shares that the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval or shares acquired directly from the corporation. A control share acquisition means the acquisition of issued and outstanding control shares, subject to certain exceptions. 
 A person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition may compel the board of directors of the corporation to call a special meeting of stockholders to be held within 50 days of a demand to consider the voting rights of the shares. The right to compel the calling of a special meeting is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including an undertaking to pay the expenses of the meeting. If no request for a meeting is made, the corporation may itself present the question at any stockholders meeting. 
 If voting rights of the control shares acquired in a control share acquisition are not approved at the meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by the statute, then the corporation may redeem for fair value any or all of the control shares, except those for which voting rights have previously been approved. The right of the corporation to redeem control shares is subject to certain conditions and limitations. Fair value is determined, without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares, as of the date of the last control share acquisition by the acquiror or, if a meeting of stockholders is held at which the voting rights of the shares are considered and not approved, as of the date of the meeting. If voting rights for control shares are approved at a stockholders meeting and the acquiror becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares entitled to vote, all other stockholders may exercise appraisal rights. The fair value of the shares as determined for purposes of appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the acquiror in the control share acquisition. 
 The control share acquisition statute does not apply (i) to shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or share exchange if the corporation is a party to the transaction or (ii) to acquisitions approved or exempted by the charter or bylaws of the corporation. 
 Our bylaws contain a provision exempting us from the control share acquisition statute. This provision may be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. 
 Amendments to Our Charter 
 Subject to the rights of any shares of preferred stock outstanding from time to time and except for its provisions relating to removal of directors and charter amendments (which each require the affirmative vote of the stockholders entitled to cast not less than two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter), our charter may be amended only if declared advisable by our board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares entitled to cast a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, except in limited circumstances where stockholder approval is not required under Maryland law or by a specific provision in our charter. 
 Dissolution 
 The dissolution of the Company must be declared advisable by our board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of the stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 
 Subtitle 8 
 Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the MGCL permits a Maryland corporation with a class of equity securities registered under the Exchange Act and at least three independent directors to elect to be subject, by provision in its charter or bylaws or a resolution of its board of directors and notwithstanding any contrary provision in its charter or bylaws, to any or all of five provisions 
 a classified board 
 a two-thirds vote requirement for removing a director 
 a requirement that the number of directors be fixed only by vote of the directors 
 5 

a requirement that a vacancy on the board be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office (even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum) and for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred and 
 a majority requirement for the calling of a stockholder-requested special meeting of stockholders. 
 Through provisions in our charter and our bylaws unrelated to Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the MGCL, our Company already (i) requires a two-thirds vote for the removal of any director from our board of directors (and only for cause) (ii) vests in our board of directors the exclusive power to fix the number of directorships, and fill vacancies and (iii) requires, unless called by the Chairperson of our board of directors, the Vice Chairman of our board of directors, President, Chief Executive Officer or our board of directors, the request of holders of a majority of outstanding shares to call a special meeting of stockholders. We have not elected to create a classified board. In the future, our board of directors may elect, without stockholder approval, to classify itself pursuant to the provisions of Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the MGCL. 
 Advance Notice of Director Nominations and New Business 
 Our bylaws provide that with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders, nominations of persons for election to our board of directors and the proposal of business to be considered by stockholders may be made only (i) pursuant to our notice of the meeting (ii) by or at the direction of our board of directors or (iii) by a stockholder of record at the time of giving notice, at the record date set by our board of directors for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting and at the time of the annual meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of directors and who has complied with the advance notice procedures of our bylaws. Stockholders must comply in all respects with the requirements of Section 14 of the Exchange Act, including, without limitation, and to the extent applicable, the requirements of Rule 14a-19 (as such rule and regulation may be amended from time to time by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including any SEC staff interpretations related thereto). In addition, stockholders generally must provide notice to our secretary not before the 150th day or after the 120th day before the first anniversary of the date of our proxy statement for the solicitation of proxies for the election of directors at the preceding year s annual meeting provided, however, that in connection with our first annual meeting, not earlier than the 150th day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than 5 00 p.m. (Eastern Time) on the later of the 120th day prior to the date of such annual meeting, as originally convened, or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made. 
 With respect to special meetings of stockholders, only the business specified in our notice of the meeting may be brought before the meeting. Nominations of persons for election to our board of directors at a special meeting may be made only (i) by our board of directors or (ii) by a stockholder at a special meeting that has been called in accordance with our bylaws for the purpose of electing directors, provided that such stockholder is a stockholder of record at the record date set by our board of directors for the special meeting and has complied with the advance notice provisions of our bylaws. Stockholders generally must provide notice to our secretary no earlier than the 120th day before such special meeting and not later than 5 00 p.m. (Eastern Time), on the later of the 90th day before the special meeting or the 10th day after public announcement of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by our board of directors to be elected at such meeting. 
 Anti-Takeover Effect of Certain Provisions of Maryland Law and of Our Charter and Our Bylaws 
 The business combination provisions and the control share acquisition provisions of Maryland law (if we decide to be bound by such provisions by future action), the provisions of our charter relating to removal of directors and filling vacancies on our board of directors, the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our shares of stock and the advance notice provisions of our bylaws could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for holders of our common stock or otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders. 
 6 

Indemnification for Liabilities of Our Directors, Officers and Controlling Persons 
 Maryland law permits a Maryland corporation to include in its charter a provision eliminating the liability of its directors and officers to the corporation and its stockholders for money damages except for liability resulting from (i) actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in the form of money, property or services or (ii) active and deliberate dishonesty that is established by a final judgment and is material to the cause of action. Our charter contains such a provision which eliminates liability of our directors and officers to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. 
 Our charter and our bylaws obligate us, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, to indemnify, without requiring a preliminary determination of the ultimate entitlement to indemnification, (i) any present or former director or officer or (ii) any individual who, while a director or officer and at our request, serves or has served another corporation, real estate investment trust REIT ), limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise as a director, officer, trustee, member, manager, employee, partner or agent, and who is made or threatened to be made a party to, or witness in, a proceeding by reason of his or her service in such capacity, and to pay or reimburse his or her reasonable expenses in advance of the final disposition of a proceeding. Our charter and our bylaws also obligate us to indemnify and advance expenses to any person who served our predecessor in any of the capacities described above and permit us, with the approval of our board of directors, to provide the same (or lesser) indemnification and advancement of expenses to any of our or our predecessors employees or agents. 
 Maryland law requires a corporation (unless its charter provides otherwise, which our charter does not) to indemnify a director or officer who has been successful in the defense of any proceeding to which he or she is made a party by reason of his or her service in that capacity. Maryland law permits a corporation to indemnify its present and former directors and officers, among others, against judgments, penalties, fines, settlements and reasonable expenses actually incurred by them in connection with any proceeding to which they may be made, or threatened to be made, a party to, or witness in, by reason of their service in those or other capacities unless it is established that 
 the act or omission of the director or officer was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and (i) was committed in bad faith or (ii) was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty 
 the director or officer actually received an improper personal benefit in the form of money, property or services or 
 in the case of any criminal proceeding, the director or officer had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. 
 A Maryland corporation may not indemnify a director or officer with respect to a proceeding by or in the right of the corporation in which the director or officer was adjudged liable to the corporation or a proceeding charging improper personal benefit to the director or officer in which the director or officer was adjudged liable on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received. Upon application by one of our directors or officers to a court of appropriate jurisdiction and upon such notice as the court may require, the court may order indemnification of such director or officer if 
 the court determines that such director or officer is entitled to reimbursement for expenses in a matter in which the director has been successful, in which case the director or officer shall be entitled to recover from us the expenses of securing such indemnification or 
 the court determines that such director or officer is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification in view of all the relevant circumstances, whether or not the director or officer has met the standards of conduct for which indemnification is permitted under the MGCL or has been adjudged liable for receipt of an improper personal benefit under the MGCL provided, however, that our indemnification obligations to such director or officer will be limited to the expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her, or on his or her behalf, in connection with any proceeding by us or in our right or in which the officer or director 
 7 

shall have been adjudged liable for receipt of an improper personal benefit under Section 2-418(c) of the MGCL. 
 In addition, Maryland law permits a corporation to advance reasonable expenses to a director or officer upon the corporation s receipt of (i) a written affirmation by the director or officer of his or her good faith belief that he or she has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the corporation and (ii) a written undertaking by him or her or on his or her behalf to repay the amount paid or reimbursed by the corporation if it is ultimately determined that the standard of conduct was not met. 
 We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and officers that require us to indemnify such directors and officers to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law and to pay such persons expenses in defending any civil or criminal proceeding in advance of the final disposition of such proceeding. 
 Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be provided to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 
 Exclusive Forum 
 Our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, or, if that Court does not have jurisdiction, the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland, Baltimore Division, will be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any of our directors or officers or other employees to us or to our stockholders (iii) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors or officers or other employees arising pursuant to any provision of the MGCL or our charter or our bylaws or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors or officers or other employees that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer 
 For us to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code ), our capital stock must be beneficially owned by 100 or more persons during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months or during a proportionate part of a shorter taxable year. Also, not more than 50 of the value of our outstanding stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals (as defined in the Code to include certain entities) during the last half of a taxable year. 
 Our charter contains restrictions on the number of shares of our capital stock that a person may own. No person, including entities, may acquire or hold, directly or indirectly, in excess of 9.8 in value of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of all classes of our capital stock, which we refer to as the aggregate stock ownership limit. In addition, no person, including entities, may acquire or hold, directly or indirectly, shares of our common stock in excess of 9.8 (in value or number, whichever is more restrictive) of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of our common stock, which we refer to as the common stock ownership limit and, together with the aggregate stock ownership limit, we refer to as the ownership limits. 
 Our charter further prohibits (i) any person from beneficially or constructively owning shares of our capital stock that would result in us (A) being closely held under Section 856(h) of the Code (without regard to whether the ownership interest is held during the last half of the taxable year) (B) owning (directly or constructively) an interest in a tenant as described in Section 856(d)(2)(B) of the Code if the income derived by us (either directly or indirectly through one or more partnerships or limited liability companies) from such tenant for the taxable year during which such determination is made would reasonably be expected to equal or exceed the lesser of either (1) one percent of our gross income (as determined for purposes of Section 856(c) of the Code) or (2) the amount that would (or, in the sole judgment of our board of directors, could) cause us to fail to satisfy any of the gross income requirements of Section 856(c) of the Code or (C) otherwise failing to qualify as a REIT and (ii) any person from transferring our stock if the transfer would result, if effective, in our stock being owned by fewer than 
 8 

100 persons. Any person who acquires or who attempts or intends to acquire shares of our capital stock that may violate any of these restrictions or who is the intended transferee of shares of our capital stock, which are transferred to a trust as described below is required to give us immediate written notice, or in the case of a proposed or attempted transaction, give at least 15 days prior written notice, and provide us with such information as it may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of the transfer on our qualification as a REIT. 
 The above restrictions will not apply if our board of directors determines that it is no longer in our best interests to attempt to, or continue to, qualify as a REIT (or that compliance is no longer required for REIT qualification). Our board of directors, in its sole discretion, may exempt (prospectively or retroactively) a person from the ownership limits, subject to such terms, conditions, representations and undertakings as it may determine and as are contained in our charter. Additionally, our board of directors may increase or decrease the ownership limits for one or more persons and increase or decrease the ownership limits for all other persons subject to such terms, conditions, representations and undertakings as it may determine and as are contained in our charter. 
 Any attempted transfer of shares of our capital stock that would result in shares of our capital stock being owned by fewer than 100 persons will be null and void, and the intended transferee will acquire no rights in such shares. Any attempted transfer of shares of our capital stock which, if effective, would result in any other violation of the above limitations, will cause the number of shares causing the violation (rounded up to the nearest whole share) to be automatically transferred to a trust for the exclusive benefit of one or more charitable beneficiaries and the proposed transferee will not acquire any rights in such shares. If the automatic transfer to the trust would not be effective for any reason to prevent the violation of the above limitations, then the transfer of that number of shares of our capital stock that otherwise would cause the violation will be null and void, and the intended transferee will not acquire any rights in such shares. The automatic transfer will be deemed to be effective as of the close of business on the business day (as defined in our charter) prior to the date of the purported transfer. 
 Shares of our capital stock held in a trust pursuant to our charter will continue to be issued and outstanding shares of our capital stock. The prohibited owner will not benefit economically from ownership of any shares of our capital stock held in the trust, will have no rights to dividends or other distributions and no rights to vote or other rights attributable to the shares of our capital stock held in the trust. The trustee of the trust will have all voting rights and rights to dividends or other distributions with respect to shares held in the trust. These rights will be exercised for the exclusive benefit of the charitable beneficiary or beneficiaries. Any dividend or other distribution paid with respect to shares of our capital stock prior to the discovery by us that shares have been transferred to the trustee must be paid by the prohibited owner to the trustee upon demand. Any dividend or other distribution authorized but unpaid will be paid when due to the trustee. Any dividend or other distribution paid to the trustee will be held in trust for the charitable beneficiary or beneficiaries. Subject to Maryland law, effective as of the date that the shares of our capital stock are transferred to the trust, the trustee will have the authority, at the trustee s sole and absolute discretion, to (i) rescind as void any vote cast by the prohibited owner prior to the discovery by us that the shares have been transferred to the trustee and (ii) recast the vote. However, if we have already taken irreversible corporate action, then the trustee will not have the authority to rescind and recast the vote. Our board of directors may establish additional trusts with distinct trustees and charitable beneficiaries to which shares may be transferred, if necessary to protect our qualification as a REIT. Furthermore, our charter grants our board of directors the authority to take other actions, including the redemption of shares of stock that it deems advisable to prevent a violation of the transfer and ownership restrictions described above. 
 Within 20 days of receiving notice from us that shares of our capital stock have been transferred to the trust, the trustee of the trust will sell the shares to a person designated by the trustee, whose ownership of the shares will not violate the above ownership limits. Upon the sale, the interest of the charitable beneficiary in the shares sold will terminate and the trustee will distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the prohibited owner and to the charitable beneficiary as follows. The prohibited owner will receive the lesser of (i) the price paid by the prohibited owner for the shares or, if the prohibited owner did not give value for the shares in connection with the event causing the shares to be held in the trust e.g. , a gift, devise or other similar transaction), the market price (as defined in our charter) of the shares on the day of the event causing the shares to be held in the trust and (ii) the price per share received by the trustee, net of any commission and other expenses of sale, from the sale or other disposition of the shares held in the trust. The trustee may reduce the amount payable to the prohibited owner by the amount of 
 9 

dividends or other distributions which have been paid to the prohibited owner and are owed by the prohibited owner to the trustee. Any net sale proceeds in excess of the amount payable to the prohibited owner will be paid immediately to the charitable beneficiary. If, prior to us discovering that shares of our capital stock have been transferred to the trustee, the shares are sold by the prohibited owner, then (i) the shares will be deemed to have been sold on behalf of the trust and (ii) to the extent that the prohibited owner received an amount for the shares that exceeds the amount he, she or it was entitled to receive, the excess will be paid to the trustee upon demand. 
 In addition, shares of our capital stock held in the trust will be deemed to have been offered for sale to us, or our designee, at a price per share equal to the lesser of (i) the price per share in the transaction that resulted in the transfer to the trust (or, in the case of a devise or gift, the market price at the time of the devise or gift) and (ii) the market price on the date we, or our designee, accepts the offer. We may reduce the amount payable to the prohibited owner by the amount of dividends or other distributions that have been paid to the prohibited owner and are owed by the prohibited owner to the trustee. We may pay the amount of such reduction to the trustee for the benefit of the charitable beneficiary. We will have the right to accept the offer until the trustee has sold the shares. Upon a sale to us, the interest of the charitable beneficiary in the shares sold will terminate and the trustee will distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the prohibited owner. 
 Any certificates representing shares of our capital stock will bear a legend referring to the restrictions described above. 
 Every owner of 5 or more (or such lower percentage as required by the Code or the regulations promulgated thereunder) of our outstanding stock is required, within 30 days after the end of each taxable year, to give us written notice stating his, her or its name and address, the number of shares of each of our classes and series of stock that he, she or it beneficially owns and a description of the manner in which the shares are held. Each such owner must provide us with such additional information as we may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of such owner s beneficial ownership on our qualification as a REIT and to ensure compliance with the ownership limits. In addition, each stockholder must provide us with such information as we may request in order to determine our qualification as a REIT and to comply with the requirements of any taxing authority or governmental authority or to determine such compliance and to ensure compliance with the ownership limits. 
 These restrictions on ownership and transfer could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for holders of shares of our common stock or otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders. 
 10 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.15>
 4
 brsp12312022exhibit1015.htm
 EX-10.15

Document 
 Exhibit 10.15 

BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 SEVERANCE POLICY 
 ARTICLE I PURPOSE AND PARTICIPATION 
 Section 1.01 Adoption Purpose . The Compensation Committee of BrightSpire Capital, Inc. (the Company has adopted this Severance Policy (this Policy for the purpose of providing severance and change in control protections to employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries. 
 Section 1.02 Participation . This Policy is only for the benefit of Participants, and no other personnel, consultants or independent contractors shall be eligible to participate in this Policy or to receive any rights or benefits hereunder. Participants are those employees (including new hires) designated as Participants from time to time, subject to, and upon, such employee executing and delivering to the Company a Letter Agreement. 
 Section 1.03 Contract of Employment . Nothing in this Policy shall be construed as creating an express or implied contract of employment and nothing herein shall confer upon any Participant any right with respect to continued employment with the Company or any Subsidiary or limit the right of the Company or any Subsidiary to terminate such Participant at any time. 
 ARTICLE II DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATIONS 
 Section 2.01 Definitions . 
 Capitalized terms used in this Policy but not otherwise defined herein shall have the following respective meanings 
 Accrued Bonus shall mean an annual cash performance bonus for a calendar year ended prior to the year which includes the Termination Date (a) with respect to which the Compensation Committee determines, in its reasonable discretion, that the performance goals, conditions or metrics related thereto have been achieved and (b) which has not been paid to such Participant on or before such Participant s Termination Date. 
 Accrued Rights shall mean, with respect to a Participant, the sum of the following (a) any accrued but unpaid Base Salary of such Participant through the Termination Date (b) reimbursement for any unreimbursed business expenses properly incurred by such Participant in accordance with Company policy through such Participant s Termination Date (c) independent rights under any award granted to such Participant pursuant to the Incentive Plan (including any vested Long-Term Incentive Awards) and other written compensation arrangements between such Participant and the Company and (d) benefits due under any indemnification, insurance or other plan or arrangement to which such Participant may be entitled according to the documents governing such plans or arrangements, including coverage under COBRA to which such Participant or Participant s beneficiaries may be entitled under Part 

6 of Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and all related state and local laws. 
 Affiliate shall mean, with respect to the Company, any company or other trade or business that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the Company within the meaning of Rule 405 of Regulation C under the Securities Act, including, without limitation, any Subsidiary. For purposes of granting options or stock appreciation rights, an entity may not be considered an Affiliate of the Company unless the Company holds a controlling interest in such entity, where the term controlling interest has the same meaning as provided in Treasury Regulation Section 1.414(c)-2(b)(2)(i), provided that the language at least 50 percent is used instead of at least 80 percent, and provided further that where granting of options or stock appreciation rights is based upon a legitimate business criteria, the language at least 20 percent is used instead of at least 80 percent each place it appears in Treasury Regulation Section 1.414(c)-2(b)(2)(i). 
 Applicable Entity shall mean the Company or any of its Affiliates. 
 Base Salary shall mean the annual base salary paid to a Participant immediately prior to the occurrence of a Termination Event with respect to such Participant. 
 Board shall mean the Board of Directors of BrightSpire Capital, Inc. 
 Business Combination shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of Change in Control. 
 Cause shall mean with respect to any Participant, as determined by the Compensation Committee and unless otherwise provided in an applicable agreement between such Participant and the Applicable Entity, (a) repeated violations by such Participant of such Participant s obligations to the Applicable Entity (other than as a result of incapacity due to physical or mental illness) which are demonstrably willful and deliberate on such Participant s part, which are committed in bad faith or without reasonable belief that such violations are in the best interests of the Applicable Entity, and which are not remedied within a reasonable period of time after such Participant s receipt of written notice from the Company specifying such violations (b) the conviction of such Participant of a felony involving an act of dishonesty intended to result in substantial personal enrichment of such Participant at the expense of the Applicable Entity or (c) prior to the announcement of a Change in Control transaction, such other events as shall be determined by the Compensation Committee, in its sole discretion. Any determination by the Compensation Committee whether an event constituting Cause shall have occurred shall be final, binding, and conclusive. 
 Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following 
 (a) The acquisition by any individual, entity, or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) (a Person of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of more than fifty percent (50 of either (i) the then outstanding shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, of the Company (the Outstanding Company Stock or (ii) the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the Outstanding Company Voting Securities ), each as determined on a Fully Diluted Basis provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection (1), the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control (i) any acquisition by the Company (ii) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any corporation or trust controlled by the Company and (iii) any acquisition by any entity pursuant 
 -2- 

to a transaction which complies with clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) of subsection (3) of this definition of Change in Control or 
 (b) Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board (the Incumbent Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board provided, however, that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the date hereof whose election, or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board or 
 (c) Consummation of a reorganization, merger, or consolidation or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (a Business Combination ), in each case unless, following such Business Combination, (i) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners of the Outstanding Company Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than fifty percent (50 of, respectively, the then outstanding common shares and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, as the case may be, of the entity resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a corporation that as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Company s assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Business Combination of the Outstanding Company Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be (ii) no Person (excluding any corporation or trust resulting from such Business Combination or any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or such corporation or trust resulting from such Business Combination) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, thirty-five percent (35 or more of the then outstanding shares of the corporation or trust resulting from such Business Combination or the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such corporation or trust except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination and (iii) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the corporation or trust resulting from such Business Combination were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for such Business Combination or 
 (d) A complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company and consummation of such transaction. 
 Change in Control Termination Payment shall mean an amount equal to (a) a Participant s Change in Control Termination Payment Multiple, multiplied by (b) the sum of the Participant s (i) Base Salary plus (ii) Target Annual Bonus. 
 Change in Control Termination Payment Multiple shall equal (a) (x) four (4) multiplied by (y) the number of years employed by the Company (and its predecessors), pro rated on a 365 day annual cycle, divided by (b) 52, but no greater than 1x or such other number determined by the Company and set forth in a Participant s Letter Agreement used for purposes of calculating such Participant s Change in Control Termination Payment. 
 COBRA shall mean the Consolidated Omnibus Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended. 
 -3- 

COBRA Premium shall mean that the Company shall reimburse a Participant for the monthly COBRA premium paid by such Participant for Participant and Participant s dependents upon election by the Participant of continuation of health insurance coverage as provided under COBRA. 
 Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Compensation Committee shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 Disability shall mean, with respect to a Participant, a physical or mental incapacity whereby such Participant is unable for a period of six (6) consecutive months or for an aggregate of nine (9) months in any twenty-four (24) consecutive month period to perform the essential functions of such Participant s Duties. 
 Duties shall mean, with respect to a Participant, those reasonable executive, managerial, administrative and other duties of employment specified and designated from time to time by the Board or the Chief Executive Officer of the Company provided , however , that the duties of the Chief Executive Officer shall be specified and designated by the Board. 
 Effective Date shall mean July 28, 2022. 
 Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 Fully Diluted Basis shall mean, as of any date of determination, the sum of (a) the number of shares of voting Stock outstanding as of such date of determination plus (b) the number of shares of voting Stock issuable upon the exercise, conversion, or exchange of all then-outstanding warrants, options, convertible Stock or indebtedness, exchangeable Stock or indebtedness, or other rights exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into, directly or indirectly, shares of voting Stock, whether at the time of issue or upon the passage of time or upon the occurrence of some future event, and whether or not in the money as of such date of determination. 
 Good Reason shall Good Reason shall mean any action by the Company, in each case without the Participant s prior written consent, that (A) results in an adverse alteration in the Participant s title, position, duties, authority or responsibilities (B) reduces the Participant s Base Salary, the Target Annual Bonus or the Target LTIP Award (C) relocates the Participant s principal place of employment to a location more than thirty-five (35) miles from your principal place of employment or an Applicable Entity requiring you to be based anywhere other than such principal place of employment (or permitted relocation thereof), except for required travel on the Applicable Entity s business to an extent substantially consistent with your business travel obligations or (D) constitutes a material breach by the Company of this Policy provided, that, in no event shall the occurrence of any such condition constitute Good Reason unless (1) the Participant gives notice to the Company of the existence of the Participant s knowledge of the condition giving rise to Good Reason within 90 days following its initial existence, (2) the Company fails to cure such condition within 30 days following the date such notice is given and (3) the Participant terminates his employment with the Company within 30 days following the expiration of such cure period. 
 Incentive Plan shall mean any long-term incentive plan of the Company in effect from time to time, as approved by the shareholders of the Company. 
 Letter Agreement shall mean an employment or other agreement with an employee as a Participant, as executed and delivered by the Company and a Participant. 
 -4- 

Long-Term Incentive Award shall mean all long-term incentive awards granted to a Participant by the Board or the Compensation Committee under the Incentive Plan. 
 Net After-Tax Receipt shall mean the present value (as determined in accordance with Sections 280G(b)(2)(A)(ii) and 280G(d)(4) of the Code) of a Payment net of all taxes imposed on a Participant with respect thereto under Sections 1 and 4999 of the Code and under applicable state and local laws, determined by applying the highest marginal rate under Section 1 of the Code and under state and local laws which applied to a Participant s taxable income for the immediately preceding taxable year, or such other rate(s) as the Accounting Firm determined to be likely to apply to a Participant in the relevant taxable year(s). 
 Participants shall mean those employees of the Company or any Subsidiary who both (a) either (i) as a named executive officer, the Compensation Committee from time to time designates as Participants in accordance with their Letter Agreement or (ii) as any other employee, in the discretion of the Chief Executive Officer and (b) have entered into a Letter Agreement with the Company. 
 Pro-Rata Bonus shall mean a pro-rated annual cash performance bonus for the year which includes a Participant s Termination Date, which pro-rated bonus shall be determined based on a Participant s Target Annual Bonus (or if none, the last annual cash performance bonus paid for the preceding calendar year) pro-rated based on a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days during the calendar year that such Participant was actually employed by the Company or any Subsidiary, and the denominator of which is 365 provided, however, that other than as may be set forth in a Letter Agreement, the Chief Executive Officer shall determine in its sole discretion whether any other employee terminated prior to June 30 in any applicable calendar year shall receive a pro-rated annual cash performance bonus hereunder. 
 Reduced Amount shall mean the greatest amount of Policy Payments that can be paid that would not result in the imposition of the excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code. 
 Release Effective Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.05 . 
 Restrictive Covenants shall mean, with respect to a Participant, those non-competition, non-solicitation, non-disclosure, non-disparagement and other similar restrictive covenants, if any, set forth in the Letter Agreement executed and delivered by such Participant pursuant to this Policy. 
 Section 409A shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.02(a) . 
 Stock shall mean the class A common stock, par value 0.01 per share, of the Company, or any security which shares of Stock may be changed into or for which shares of Stock may be exchanged as provided under the Incentive Plan. 
 Subsidiary means any subsidiary, Affiliate or joint venture of the Company. 
 Target Annual Bonus shall mean a Participant s target annual cash performance bonus opportunity (determined by reference to the applicable target dollar amount) determined by the Company and applicable to the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs, or if none, the last annual cash performance bonus paid for the preceding calendar year. 
 Target LTIP Award shall mean a Participant s target annual Long-Term Incentive Award opportunity (determined by reference to the target total grant date fair value of all such awards) determined by the Company and applicable to the calendar year in which the 
 -5- 

Termination Date occurs, or if none, the last annual Long-Term Incentive Award (by aggregate value, regardless of form of award) granted for the preceding calendar year. 
 Termination Date shall mean, with respect to a Participant (a) in the case of such Participant s death, his or her date of death (b) in the case of such Participant s voluntary termination, the last day of such Participant s employment and (c) in all other cases, the date specified in the applicable Termination Notice. 
 Termination Event shall mean the termination of the employee-employer relationship between a Participant and the Company or any Subsidiary by reason of (a) the resignation of such Participant (b) the Company s termination of such Participant or (c) the death or Disability of such Participant. 
 Termination Payment shall mean an amount equal to (a) a Participant s Termination Payment Multiple, multiplied by (b) the Participant s Base Salary. 
 Termination Payment Multiple shall equal (a) (x) four (4) multiplied by (y) the number of years employed by the Company (and its predecessors), pro rated on a 365 day annual cycle, divided by (b) 52, but no greater than 1x or such other number determined by the Company and set forth in a Participant s Letter Agreement used for purposes of calculating such Participant s Change in Control Termination Payment. 
 Section 2.02 Interpretation . In this Policy, unless a clear contrary intention appears (a) the words herein, hereof and hereunder refer to this Policy as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision (b) reference to any Article or Section, means such Article or Section hereof and (c) the words including (and with correlative meaning include means including, without limiting the generality of any description preceding such term. The Article and Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 
 ARTICLE III SEVERANCE AND RELATED TERMINATION BENEFITS 
 Section 3.01 Termination Without Cause or for Good Reason . Except as otherwise set forth in Section 3.02 and Section 3.03 and subject to Section 3.05 , in the event a Termination Event occurs with respect to a Participant by reason of a termination of employment by the Company or any Subsidiary without Cause (other than by reason of the death or Disability of such Participant) or by reason of a resignation by such Participant for Good Reason, such Participant shall be entitled to receive from the Company the Accrued Rights, the Accrued Bonus and each of the following 
 (a) a severance payment in an amount equal to such Participant s Termination Payment plus the Participant s applicable Pro-Rata Bonus, which amount the Company shall pay to Participant in a lump sum (subject to Section 4.02 as soon as practicable (but not later than thirty (30) days) following the Release Effective Date 
 (b) if such Participant timely and properly elects continuation coverage under COBRA, then such Participant shall be entitled to receive payment of applicable COBRA Premiums until the earliest of (i) the date which is (x) twelve (12) months following the Termination Date for named executive officers or (y) a number of months equivalent to the years (rounded up to the nearest whole year) employed by the Company (and its predecessors) in the case of any other employee, in each case, unless otherwise specified in such Participant s Letter Agreement (ii) the date such Participant is no longer eligible to receive COBRA continuation 
 -6- 

coverage and (iii) the date on which such Participant becomes eligible to receive substantially similar coverage from another employer and 
 (c) any unvested Long-Term Incentive Award (i) that is subject solely to a time-based vesting condition will become vested immediately and (ii) that is subject to subsequent performance-based vesting conditions will vest, if at all, in accordance with the terms of the applicable grant or award agreement or Letter Agreement. 
 Section 3.02 Termination Without Cause or for Good Reason Following a Change in Control . Subject to Section 3.05 , in the event that, during the period beginning ninety (90) days prior to the consummation date of a Change in Control and ending on the date which is twelve (12) months after such Change in Control, a Termination Event occurs with respect to a Participant by reason of a termination of employment by the Company or any Subsidiary without Cause (other than by reason of the death or Disability of such Participant) or by reason of a resignation by such Participant for Good Reason, such Participant shall be entitled to receive from the Company the Accrued Rights, the Accrued Bonus, the Participant s applicable Pro-Rata Bonus and each of the following 
 (a) a severance payment in an amount equal to such Participant s Change in Control Termination Payment plus such Participant s applicable Pro-Rata Bonus, which amount the Company shall pay to Participant in a lump sum (subject to Section 4.02 as soon as practicable (but no later than thirty (30) days) following the Release Effective Date and 
 (b) if such Participant timely and properly elects continuation coverage under COBRA, then such Participant shall be entitled to receive payment of the applicable COBRA Premiums until the earliest of (i) the date which is (x) twenty-four (24) months following the Termination Date for named executive officers or (y) a number of months equivalent to the years (rounded up to the nearest whole year) employed by the Company (and its predecessors) in the case of any other employee, in each case, unless otherwise specified in such Participants Letter Agreement (ii) the date such Participant is no longer eligible to receive COBRA continuation coverage and (iii) the date on which such Participant becomes eligible to receive substantially similar coverage from another employer. 
 (c) any unvested Long-Term Incentive Award (i) that is subject solely to a time-based vesting condition will become vested immediately and (ii) that is subject to subsequent performance-based vesting conditions will become vested immediately (with the level of achievement of such performance conditions to be determined in accordance with the terms of the applicable grant or award agreement or Letter Agreement, or if none or more favorable, by the Compensation Committee or Board as of the Termination Date). 
 To the extent a Participant is entitled to any payments of benefits set forth in this Section 3.02 , such Participant shall not be entitled to any payments or benefits set forth in Section 3.01 . 
 Section 3.03 Termination by Reason of Death or Disability . In the event that a Termination Event occurs with respect to a Participant by reason of the death or Disability of such Participant provided that a termination by Disability shall mean a termination of such Participant s employment by the Company pursuant to a Termination Notice specifying the basis of such termination as such Participant s Disability), such Participant shall be entitled to receive from the Company the Accrued Rights, the Accrued Bonus, the applicable Pro-Rata Bonus, and the vesting of any unvested Long-Term Incentive Award in accordance with the terms of such award agreement. Cash amounts payable by the Company pursuant to this Section 3.03 shall be paid to such Participant in a lump sum no later than thirty (30) days following such Participant s Termination Date. 
 -7- 

Section 3.04 Termination for Cause or Without Good Reason . In the event that a Termination Event occurs with respect to a Participant by reason of a termination of employment by the Company or any Subsidiary for Cause or by reason of a resignation of such Participant without Good Reason, such Participant shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Rights. 
 Section 3.05 General Release . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, a Participant shall not be entitled to receive any payments or benefits, other than the Accrued Rights and Accrued Bonus, pursuant to Section 3.01 or Section 3.02 hereof (and such Participant shall forfeit all rights to such payments) unless such Participant has executed and delivered to the Company a general release in form and substance as attached hereto as Exhibit A 1 (the General Release within thirty (30) days after Participant s Termination Date (the Release Execution Period ), and such General Release remains in full force and effect, has not been revoked and is no longer subject to revocation, and a Participant shall be entitled to receive such payments and benefits only so long as such Participant has not materially breached any of the provisions of the General Release (as specified in, and subject to, the limitations set forth in Paragraph 3(c) of the General Release) or the Restrictive Covenants without cure of any such breach within ten (10) business days after a notice from the Company specifying the breach. If the General Release is executed and delivered and no longer subject to revocation as provided in the preceding sentence, then any cash payments due to a Participant shall be paid (subject to Section 4.02 in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.01 or Section 3.02 , as applicable. For purposes of this Policy, Release Effective Date means the date as of which the General Release, executed by a Participant and delivered to the Company, is no longer subject to revocation, which, if a Participant executes and delivers the General Release within the Release Execution Period, shall be no later than sixty (60) days following such Participant s Termination Date. The first such cash payment shall include payment of all amounts that otherwise would have been due prior to the Release Effective Date under the terms of this Policy applied as though such payments commenced immediately upon the termination of such Participant s employment, and any payments scheduled to be made after the Release Effective Date shall continue as provided herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Release Execution Period begins in one calendar year and ends in another calendar year and all or any portion of such payments constitute non-exempt deferred compensation for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, then none of such payments shall begin until such second calendar year. 
 Section 3.06 Termination Notices from Company . For purposes of this Policy, any purported termination of employment of a Participant by the Company or any Subsidiary or by such Participant (other than due to such Participant s death) shall be communicated by written notice to the other party, which notice shall specify the Termination Date (if applicable), the basis for such termination and the reasonably detailed facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for such termination (each, a Termination Notice ). 
 ARTICLE IV LIMITATIONS ON SEVERANCE AND RELATED TERMINATION BENEFITS 
 Section 4.01 Excess Parachute Payments . 
 (a) Anything in this Policy to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event a nationally recognized independent accounting firm designated by the Company (the Accounting Firm shall determine that receipt of all payments or distributions by the Company and any Subsidiary and each of their respective affiliates in the nature of compensation to or for a Participant s benefit, whether paid or payable pursuant to this Policy or otherwise (a Payment ), would subject such Participant to the excise tax under Code Section 4999, the Accounting Firm 
 
 1 Form on file with the Company. 
 -8- 

shall determine as required below in this Section 4.01(a) whether to reduce any of the Payments paid or payable pursuant to this Policy (the Policy Payments to the Reduced Amount. The Policy Payments shall be reduced to the Reduced Amount only if the Accounting Firm determines that such Participant would have a greater Net After-Tax Receipt of aggregate Payments if Participant s Policy Payments were so reduced. If the Accounting Firm determines that such Participant would not have a greater Net After-Tax Receipt of aggregate Payments if Participant s Policy Payments were so reduced, then such Participant shall receive all Policy Payments to which such Participant is entitled. 
 (b) If the Accounting Firm determines that aggregate Policy Payments should be reduced to the Reduced Amount, then the Company shall promptly give Participant notice to that effect and a copy of the detailed calculation thereof. All determinations made by the Accounting Firm under this Section 4.01 shall be binding upon the Company and Participant (absent manifest error) and shall be made as soon as reasonably practicable and in no event later than fifteen (15) days following such Participant s Termination Date. For purposes of reducing the Policy Payments to the Reduced Amount, only amounts payable under this Policy (and no other Payments) shall be reduced. The reduction of the amounts payable hereunder, if applicable, shall first be made by first reducing or eliminating those payments or benefits which are payable in cash and then by reducing or eliminating payments which are not payable in cash, in each case in reverse order beginning with payments or benefits which are to be paid the farthest in time from Participant s Termination Date. For this purpose, where multiple payments or benefits are to be paid at the same time, they shall be reduced or eliminated on a pro-rata basis. 
 (c) As a result of the uncertainty in the application of Section 4999 of the Code at the time of the initial determination by the Accounting Firm hereunder, it is possible that amounts will have been paid or distributed by the Company to or for the benefit of a Participant pursuant to this Policy which should not have been so paid or distributed (an Overpayment or that additional amounts which will have not been paid or distributed by the Company to or for the benefit of a Participant pursuant to this Policy which should have been so paid or distributed (an Underpayment ), in each case consistent with the calculation of the Reduced Amount hereunder. In the event that the Accounting Firm, based upon the assertion of a deficiency by the Internal Revenue Service against either the Company or a Participant which the Accounting Firm believes has a high probability of success determines that an Overpayment has been made, such Participant shall pay any such Overpayment to the Company, together with interest at the applicable federal rate provided for in Section 7872(f)(2) of the Code provided , however, that no amount shall be payable by a Participant to the Company if and to the extent such payment would not either reduce the amount on which such Participant is subject to tax under Section 1 and Section 4999 of the Code or generate a refund of such taxes. In the event that the Accounting Firm, based upon controlling precedent or substantial authority, determines that an Underpayment has occurred, any such Underpayment shall be paid promptly (and in no event later than sixty (60) days following the date on which the Underpayment is determined) by the Company to, or for the benefit of, such Participant, together with interest at the applicable federal rate provided for in Section 7872(f)(2) of the Code. 
 (d) All fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm shall be paid solely by the Company. 
 Section 4.02 Compliance with Code Section 409A . 
 (a) This Policy is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code Section 409A or an exemption thereunder. This Policy shall be construed, interpreted and administered to the extent possible in a manner that does not result in the imposition on any Participant of any additional tax, penalty or interest under Section 409A. Any payments under 
 -9- 

this Policy that may be excluded from Section 409A either as separation pay due to an involuntary separation from service or as a short-term deferral shall be excluded from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible. If any payment or benefit cannot be provided or made at the time specified herein without the imposition on a Participant of any additional tax, penalty or interest under Section 409A, then such benefit or payment shall be provided in full at the earliest time thereafter when such additional tax, penalty or interest will not be imposed. For purposes of Section 409A (i) any payments to be made under this Policy upon a termination of employment that constitute nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A shall only be made if such termination of employment constitutes a separation from service under Section 409A (ii) each payment made under this Policy shall be treated as a separate payment and (iii) the right to a series of installment payments under this Policy is to be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. In no event shall any Participant, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of payment. 
 (b) All reimbursements and in-kind benefits provided under this Policy shall be made or provided in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A, including, where applicable, the requirements that (i) any reimbursement is for expenses incurred during a Participant s lifetime (or during a shorter period of time specified in this Policy) (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during a calendar year may not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other calendar year (iii) the reimbursement of an eligible expense will be made on or before the last day of the calendar year following the year in which the expense is incurred and (iv) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
 (c) Notwithstanding any provision in this Policy to the contrary, if, at the time of a Participant s separation from service with the Company, the Company has securities which are publicly traded on an established securities market, such Participant is a specified employee (as defined in Section 409A) and it is necessary to postpone the commencement of any severance payments otherwise payable pursuant to this Policy as a result of such separation from service to prevent any accelerated or additional tax under Section 409A, then the Company will postpone the commencement of the payment of any such payments or benefits hereunder (without any reduction in such payments or benefits ultimately paid or provided to Participant) that are not otherwise exempt from Section 409A until the first payroll date that occurs after the date that is six (6) months following Participant s separation from service with the Company (as determined under Section 409A). If any payments are postponed pursuant to this Section 4.02(c) , then such postponed amounts will be paid in a lump sum, without interest, to a Participant on the first payroll date that occurs after the date that is six (6) months following such Participant s separation from service with the Company. If a Participant dies during the postponement period prior to the payment of any postponed amount, such amount shall be paid to the personal representative of such Participant s estate within sixty (60) days after the date of Participant s death. 
 (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Policy comply with Section 409A and in no event shall the Company be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses that may be incurred by a Participant on account of non-compliance with Section 409A. 
 ARTICLE V MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
 Section 5.01 Cumulative Benefits Effect on Other Plans . Except as otherwise set forth herein or otherwise agreed to between the Company and a Participant, the rights and benefits 
 -10- 

provided to any Participant under this Policy are cumulative of, and are in addition to, all of the other rights and benefits provided to such Participant under any benefit plan of the Company or any agreement between such Participant and the Company or any Subsidiary. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Policy, in the event that a Participant is entitled to severance benefits under any other employment agreement, severance agreement or similar agreement between a Participant and the Company (a) the Policy Payments shall be reduced (but not below 0.00) by the aggregate amount of all similar severance payments and benefits due to such Participant under such other agreement and (b) the COBRA Premiums under this Policy shall be provided only during the period beginning on the last day that such Participant is entitled to similar benefits under such other agreement and ending on the date specified in Section 3.01(b) or Section 3.02(b) hereof, as applicable. 
 Section 5.02 Policy Unfunded Participant s Rights Unsecured . The Company shall not be required to establish any special or separate fund or make any other segregation of funds or assets to assure the payment of any benefit hereunder. The right of any Participant to receive the benefits provided for herein shall be an unsecured claim against the general assets of the Company. 
 Section 5.03 Clawback . Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Policy to the contrary, any bonus, incentive-based, equity-based or other similar compensation paid to a Participant pursuant to this Policy which is required to be recovered under any law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement will be subject to such deductions and clawback as may be required to be made pursuant to such law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement (or any policy adopted by the Company pursuant to any such law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement). 
 Section 5.04 Waiver . No waiver of any provision of this Policy or any Letter Agreement shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by the waiving person or entity. The failure of any person or entity to require the performance of any term or obligation of this Policy or any Letter Agreement, or the waiver by any person or entity of any breach of this Policy or any Letter Agreement, shall not prevent any subsequent enforcement of such term or obligation or be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach. 
 Section 5.05 Amendment Termination . The Company may amend or terminate this Policy at any time or from time to time for any reason, provided that Sections 5.12 and 5.13 of this Policy and the Restrictive Covenants (if any) set forth in each Letter Agreement shall survive the termination of this Policy. The Company shall provide notice to Participants within fifteen (15) days of any amendment or termination of the Policy. For purposes hereof, an amendment or termination of this Policy shall not materially and adversely affect the rights of any Participant whose employment was terminated for any reason or no reason prior to the date of such amendment or termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing (a) a Participant s right to receive payments and benefits pursuant to the Policy upon a Termination Event shall not be adversely affected without such Participant s consent by an amendment or termination of the Policy made within twelve (12) months prior to such Termination Event and (b) a Participant s right to receive payments and benefits pursuant to this Policy in connection with a Termination Event occurring in connection with, or within twelve (12) months following, a Change in Control, shall not be adversely affected without such Participant s consent by an amendment or termination of this Policy occurring within twelve (12) months before or after such Change in Control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Policy shall terminate without further action when all of the obligations to Participants hereunder have been satisfied in full. 
 -11- 

Section 5.06 Administration . 
 (a) The Compensation Committee shall have full and final authority to make determinations with respect to the administration of this Policy, to construe and interpret its provisions and to take all other actions deemed necessary or advisable for the proper administration of this Policy, but such authority shall be subject to the provisions of this Policy provided , however , that, actions regarding cash severance payments shall remain in the discretion of the Chief Executive Officer for employees that are not named executive officers, and to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Compensation Committee may from time to time delegate such other administrative authority to a committee of one or more members of the Board or one or more officers of the Company, except that in no event shall any such administrative authority be delegated to an officer with respect to such officer s status as a Participant. No discretionary action by the Compensation Committee shall amend or supersede the express provisions of this Policy. 
 (b) The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless each member of the Compensation Committee, the Chief Executive Officer and any other person delegated by the Compensation Committee hereunder, against any and all expenses and liabilities arising out of his or her administrative functions or fiduciary responsibilities, including any expenses and liabilities that are caused by or result from an act or omission constituting the negligence of such member in the performance of such functions or responsibilities to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Expenses against which such member shall be indemnified hereunder shall include, without limitation, the amounts of any settlement or judgment, costs, counsel fees and related charges reasonably incurred in connection with a claim asserted or a proceeding brought or settlement thereof. 
 Section 5.07 Certain Corporate Transactions . In the event of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction, nothing herein shall relieve the Company from any of the obligations set forth in this Policy provided , however , that nothing in this Section 5.07 shall prevent an acquirer of or successor to the Company from assuming the Company s obligations hereunder (or any portion thereof) pursuant to the terms of this Policy. 
 Section 5.08 Successors and Assigns . This Policy shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the Company and its successors and assigns. This Policy and all rights of each Participant shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, each such Participant and such Participant s personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators and heirs. If any Participant should die following a Termination Event but prior to all amounts due and payable to such Participant hereunder being paid, all such amounts, unless otherwise provided herein, shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this Policy to such Participant s beneficiary designated in writing to the Company prior to such Participant s death (or to such Participant s estate, if a Participant fails to make such designation). No payments, benefits or rights arising under this Policy may be assigned or pledged by any Participant, except under the laws of descent and distribution. 
 Section 5.09 Notices . Any notice or other communication required or permitted under this Policy shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally, by nationally-recognized overnight courier service or sent by certified, registered or express mail, postage prepaid. Any such notice shall be deemed given when so delivered personally, when delivered by nationally-recognized overnight courier service or, if mailed, five (5) days after the date of deposit in the United States mails, as follows 
 -12- 

(a) if to the Company, to 
 BrightSpire Capital, Inc. 590 Madison Avenue 
 33 rd Floor 
 New York, New York 10022 Attention General Counsel 
 (b) if to any Participant, to such Participant s residence address on the records of the Company or to such other address as such Participant may have designated to the Company in writing for purposes hereof. 
 Each of the Company and a Participant, by notice given to the other in accordance with this Section 5.09 , may designate another address or person for receipt of notices delivered pursuant to this Section 5.09 . 
 Section 5.10 Withholding . The Company shall have the right to deduct from any payment or benefit provided pursuant to this Policy all federal, state and local taxes and any other amounts which are required by applicable law to be withheld therefrom. 
 Section 5.11 Severability . The provisions of this Policy and each Letter Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Restrictive Covenants) shall be regarded as divisible and separate, and if any provision of this Policy or any Letter Agreement is, becomes or is deemed to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, then the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Policy and applicable Letter Agreement shall not be affected thereby. 
 Section 5.12 Dispute Resolution . Except as necessary for the Company and the Subsidiaries and their respective successors or assigns to specifically enforce or enjoin a breach of the Restrictive Covenants (to the extent such remedies are otherwise available), any controversy, claim, dispute or question arising out of, in connection with or in relation to this Policy or any Letter Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Restrictive Covenants), at the election and upon written demand of the Company or any Participant, shall be submitted to binding arbitration in New York, NY according to New York law and the rules and procedures of the American Arbitration Association. The decision of the arbitrators shall be final and binding as to any matter submitted hereunder, and judgment on any award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. With respect to each such arbitration, each party thereto shall share equally the administrative expenses (filing and arbitrator costs) associated with the arbitration and the prevailing party shall be entitled to reimbursement of such party s reasonably attorneys fees incurred in connection with any such dispute. For the avoidance of doubt, no counsel for any party to any such arbitration shall be disqualified from representing such counsel s clients in connection therewith as a result of such counsel s role in negotiating or drafting this Policy. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the dispute resolution procedures set forth in this Section 5.12 shall not apply to any matter which, by the express provisions of this Policy, is to be finally determined by the Compensation Committee. 
 Section 5.13 Governing Law . This Policy and each Letter Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Restrictive Covenants) shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflict of law provisions thereof, and applicable federal law. 
 Signature page follows. 
 -13- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , and as conclusive evidence of the Compensation Committee s adoption of this Policy, the Company has caused this Policy to be duly executed in its name and behalf by its duly authorized officer as of the Effective Date. 
 
 BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 By s David A. Palam Name David A. Palam Title Executive Vice President 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 brsp12312022exhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

BRIGHTSPIRE CAPITAL, INC. 
 LIST OF SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARIES 

State or Jurisdiction of 
 Subsidiary Name 
 Formation 
 BrightSpire Capital Advisors, LLC Delaware BrightSpire Capital Mortgage Corporation, LLC Delaware BrightSpire Capital Mortgage Parent, LLC Delaware BrightSpire Capital Mortgage Sub-REIT, LLC Delaware BrightSpire Capital Operating Company, LLC Delaware BrightSpire Capital RE Corporation, LLC Delaware BrightSpire Capital RE Holdco, LLC Delaware BrightSpire Capital US, LLC Delaware BrightSpire Credit 1, LLC Delaware BrightSpire Credit 6 Pledgor, LLC Delaware BrightSpire Credit 6, LLC Delaware BrightSpire Credit 7, LLC Delaware BrightSpire Repo Seller Holdco, LLC Delaware BRSP 2021-FL1 DRE, LLC Delaware BRSP 2021-FL1, Ltd. Cayman Islands CLNC 2019-FL1, DRE, LLC Delaware CLNC 2019-FL1, Ltd. Cayman Islands CLNC Fair Jose Finance, LLC Delaware CLNC Para Finance, LLC Delaware CLNC Pref USIP, LLC Delaware NorthStar Real Estate Income Trust Operating Partnership, LLC Delaware NorthStar Real Estate Operating Partnership II, LLC Delaware NRFC Green Pond Investor, LLC Delaware NRFC Green Pond Member, LLC Delaware USIP Terra Preferred NT-II, LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 brsp12312022exhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 (1) Form S-3 No. 333-267732 of BrightSpire Capital, Inc., 
 (2) Form S-3 No. 333-267733 of BrightSpire Capital, Inc., and 
 (3) Form S-8 No. 333-264725 pertaining to the BrightSpire Capital, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 of our reports dated February 21, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedules of BrightSpire Capital, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of BrightSpire Capital, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of BrightSpire Capital, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 New York, New York 
 
 February 21, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 brsp12312022exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION BY THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 17 CFR 240.13a-14(a) 15(d)-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Michael J. Mazzei, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of BrightSpire Capital, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 By s Michael J. Mazzei Michael J. Mazzei Chief Executive Officer Date February 21, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 brsp12312022exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION BY THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 17 CFR 240.13a-14(a) 15(d)-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Frank V. Saracino, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of BrightSpire Capital, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 By s Frank V. Saracino Frank V. Saracino Chief Financial Officer Date February 21, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 brsp12312022exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION BY THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of BrightSpire Capital, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael J. Mazzei, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 By s Michael J. Mazzei Michael J. Mazzei Chief Executive Officer Date February 21, 2023 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C 1350 and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended or incorporated by reference in any registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 brsp12312022exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION BY THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of BrightSpire Capital, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Frank V. Saracino, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 By s Frank V. Saracino Frank V. Saracino Chief Financial Officer Date February 21, 2023 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C 1350 and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended or incorporated by reference in any registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 brsp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 brsp-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 brsp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 brsp-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 brsp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

