<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230216_10-K_edgar_data_319687_0000100517-23-000048.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>24288235</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>996491</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3998130</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10652669</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4343368</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3778152</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>34</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000100517-23-000048.hdr.sgml : 20230216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230216172738
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000100517-23-000048
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		182
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			United Airlines Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000100517
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIR TRANSPORTATION, SCHEDULED [4512]
		IRS NUMBER:				362675207
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06033
		FILM NUMBER:		23639491

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		E. ANNA HA - WHQLD
		STREET 2:		233 SOUTH WACKER DRIVE
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60606
		BUSINESS PHONE:		872-825-4000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		E. ANNA HA - WHQLD
		STREET 2:		233 SOUTH WACKER DRIVE
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60606

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	United Continental Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100930

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UAL CORP /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALLEGIS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19880613

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNITED AIRLINES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000319687
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIR TRANSPORTATION, SCHEDULED [4512]
		IRS NUMBER:				742099724
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10323
		FILM NUMBER:		23639492

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		233 SOUTH WACKER DRIVE 11TH FL WHQLD
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60606
		BUSINESS PHONE:		872-825-4000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		233 SOUTH WACKER DRIVE 11TH FL WHQLD
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60606

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CONTINENTAL AIRLINES, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130212

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CONTINENTAL AIRLINES INC /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PEOPLE EXPRESS AIRLINES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19890726

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000100517-23-000048.txt : 20230216

10-K
 1
 ual-20221231.htm
 10-K

ual-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File Number Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter, 
 Principal Executive Office Address and Telephone Number 
 State of Incorporation I.R.S. Employer Identification No. 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered United Airlines Holdings, Inc. None The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC United Airlines, Inc. None None None 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 United Airlines Holdings, Inc. None United Airlines, Inc. None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 United Airlines Holdings, Inc. No United Airlines, Inc. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 United Airlines Holdings, Inc. Yes United Airlines, Inc. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 United Airlines Holdings, Inc. No United Airlines, Inc. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this Chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 United Airlines Holdings, Inc. No United Airlines, Inc. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 United Airlines Holdings, Inc. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company United Airlines, Inc. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 United Airlines Holdings, Inc. United Airlines, Inc. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 United Airlines Holdings, Inc. United Airlines, Inc. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 United Airlines Holdings, Inc. United Airlines, Inc. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 United Airlines Holdings, Inc. United Airlines, Inc. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 United Airlines Holdings, Inc. Yes No United Airlines, Inc. Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of United Airlines Holdings, Inc. was billion as of June 30, 2022 based on the closing sale price of 35.42 on that date. There is no market for United Airlines, Inc. common stock. 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's classes of common stock, as of February 9, 2023. 
 United Airlines Holdings, Inc. shares of common stock 0.01 par value) United Airlines, Inc. shares of common stock 0.01 par value) (100 owned by United Airlines Holdings, Inc.) 
 This combined Form 10-K is separately filed by United Airlines Holdings, Inc. and United Airlines, Inc. 
 OMISSION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION 
 United Airlines, Inc. meets the conditions set forth in General Instruction I(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K and is therefore filing this form with the reduced disclosure format allowed under that General Instruction. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 United Airlines Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiary Companies 
 United Airlines, Inc. and Subsidiary Companies 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Page PART I Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Information about Our Executive Officers 
 17 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 20 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 34 
 Item 2. Properties 
 35 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 36 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 37 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 37 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 38 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 38 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 52 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 53 
 Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 69 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 99 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 99 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 102 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 102 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 102 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 102 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 102 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 102 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 103 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 104 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 This Annual Report on Form 10-K ("Form 10-K") contains various "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Forward-looking statements represent our expectations and beliefs concerning future results or events, based on information available to us on the date of the filing of this Form 10-K, and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those referenced in the forward-looking statements are listed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and in Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We disclaim any intent or obligation to update or revise any of the forward-looking statements, whether in response to new information, unforeseen events, changed circumstances or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. 
 PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 
 Overview 
 United Airlines Holdings, Inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, "UAL" or the "Company") is a holding company and its wholly-owned subsidiary is United Airlines, Inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, "United"). United's shared purpose is "Connecting People. Uniting the World." United has the most comprehensive route network among North American carriers, including U.S. mainland hubs in Chicago, Denver, Houston, Los Angeles, New York/Newark, San Francisco and Washington, D.C. 
 As UAL consolidates United for financial statement purposes, disclosures that relate to activities of United also apply to UAL, unless otherwise noted. United's operating revenues and operating expenses comprise nearly 100 of UAL's revenues and operating expenses. In addition, United comprises approximately the entire balance of UAL's assets, liabilities and operating cash flows. When appropriate, UAL and United are named specifically for their individual contractual obligations and related disclosures and any significant differences between the operations and results of UAL and United are separately disclosed and explained. We sometimes use the words "we," "our," "us," and the "Company" in this report for disclosures that relate to all of UAL and United. 
 The Company's principal executive office is located at 233 South Wacker Drive, Chicago, Illinois 60606 (telephone number (872) 825-4000). The Company's website is located at www.united.com and its investor relations website is located at ir.united.com. The information contained on or connected to the Company's websites is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this or any other report filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The Company's filings with the SEC, including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports, as well as UAL's proxy statement for its annual meeting of stockholders, are accessible without charge on the Company's investor relations website, as soon as reasonably practicable, after we electronically file such material with, or furnish such material to, the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Such filings are also available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. 
 Operations 
 The Company transports people and cargo throughout North America and to destinations in Asia, Europe, Africa, the Pacific, the Middle East and Latin America. UAL, through United and its regional carriers, operates across six continents, with hubs at Newark Liberty International Airport ("EWR"), Chicago O'Hare International Airport ("ORD"), Denver International Airport ("DEN"), George Bush Intercontinental Airport ("IAH"), Los Angeles International Airport ("LAX"), A.B. Won Pat International Airport ("GUM"), San Francisco International Airport ("SFO") and Washington Dulles International Airport ("IAD"). 
 All of the Company's domestic hubs are located in large business and population centers, contributing to a large amount of "origin and destination" traffic. The hub and spoke system allows us to transport passengers between a large number of destinations with substantially more frequent service than if each route were served directly. The hub system also allows us to add service to a new destination from a large number of cities using only one or a limited number of aircraft. As discussed under Alliances below, United is a member of Star Alliance, the world's largest alliance network. 
 United Next. Our United Next plan is our fundamental strategic evolution for driving future growth that we believe will have a transformational effect on the customer experience and earnings power of our business. As part of our United Next plan, in June 2021 we announced our firm order for the purchase of 270 new Boeing and Airbus aircraft, which at the time was the largest combined order in the airline's history and the biggest by an individual carrier in the last decade. In December 2022, we announced the largest widebody order by a U.S. carrier in commercial aviation history (100 Boeing 787 Dreamliners with 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 options to purchase 100 more), the exercise of options to purchase 44 Boeing 737 MAX aircraft for delivery between 2024 and 2026, the firm orders of 56 more Boeing 737 MAX aircraft for delivery between 2027 and 2028 and the acquisition of an additional 100 options to purchase additional Boeing 737 MAX aircraft. We now expect to take delivery of about 700 new narrow and widebody aircraft by the end of 2033. 
 Our groundbreaking United Next strategy is expected to increase United's average gauge in North America, to increase the total number of available seats per departure and to significantly lower carbon emissions per seat. United will retrofit 100 of its mainline, narrow-body planes with its signature interior that includes seat-back entertainment in every seat, larger overhead bins for every passenger's carry-on bag and the industry's fastest available in-flight WiFi, as well as a bright look-and-feel with LED lighting. The carrier's international widebodies will feature the United Polaris business class seat as well as United Premium Plus seating. The Company plans to replace older, smaller mainline jets and at least 200 single-class regional jets with larger aircraft, which we expect will lead to fuel efficiency benefits compared to older planes, including an expected 17-25 lower carbon emissions per seat compared to older planes. We believe that United Next will allow us to differentiate our network and segment our products with a greater premium offering while also maintaining fare competitiveness with low-cost carriers. 
 Regional. The Company's business and operations are dependent on its regional flight network, with regional capacity accounting for approximately 8 of the Company's total capacity for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company has contractual relationships with various regional carriers to provide regional aircraft service branded as United Express. This regional service complements our operations by carrying traffic that connects to our hubs and allows flights to smaller cities that cannot be provided economically with mainline aircraft. CommuteAir LLC ("CommuteAir"), Republic Airways Inc. ("Republic"), GoJet Airlines LLC ("GoJet"), Mesa Airlines, Inc. ("Mesa"), SkyWest Airlines, Inc. ("SkyWest") and Air Wisconsin Airlines LLC ("Air Wisconsin") are all regional carriers that operate with capacity contracted to United under capacity purchase agreements ("CPAs"). The Company plans to wind down its CPA with Air Wisconsin in 2023 as part of its United Next plan to reduce service on single-cabin 50-seat regional jets. Under these CPAs, the Company pays the regional carriers contractually agreed fees (carrier costs) for operating these flights plus a variable rate adjustment based on agreed performance metrics, subject to annual adjustments. The fees are based on specific rates multiplied by specific operating statistics (e.g., block hours, departures), as well as fixed monthly amounts. Under these CPAs, the Company is also responsible for all fuel costs incurred, as well as landing fees and other costs, which are either passed through by the regional carrier to the Company without any markup or directly incurred by the Company. In some cases, the Company owns some or all of the aircraft subject to the CPA and leases such aircraft to the regional carrier. In return, the regional carriers operate the capacity of the aircraft included within the scope of such CPA exclusively for United, on schedules determined by the Company. The Company also determines pricing and revenue management, assumes the inventory and distribution risk for the available seats and permits mileage accrual and redemption for regional flights through its MileagePlus loyalty program. 
 Alliances. United is a member of Star Alliance, a global integrated airline network and the largest and most comprehensive airline alliance in the world. In 2022, Star Alliance carriers continued to serve more than 1,200 airports in 184 countries with approximately 14,000 average daily departures. Star Alliance members, in addition to United, are Aegean Airlines, Air Canada, Air China, Air India, Air New Zealand, All Nippon Airways ("ANA"), Asiana Airlines, Austrian Airlines, Aerov as del Continente Americano S.A. ("Avianca"), Brussels Airlines, Copa Airlines, Croatia Airlines, EGYPTAIR, Ethiopian Airlines, EVA Air, LOT Polish Airlines, Lufthansa, SAS Scandinavian Airlines, Shenzhen Airlines, Singapore Airlines, South African Airways, SWISS, TAP Air Portugal, THAI Airways International and Turkish Airlines. In addition to its members, Star Alliance includes Shanghai-based Juneyao Airlines and Thailand-based Thai Smile Airways, a subsidiary of THAI Airways International, as connecting partners and Germany-based Deutsche Bahn, a rail company, as an intermodal partner. 
 United has a variety of bilateral commercial alliance agreements and obligations with Star Alliance members, addressing, among other things, reciprocal earning and redemption of frequent flyer miles, access to airport lounges and, with certain Star Alliance members, codesharing of flight operations (whereby one carrier's selected flights can be marketed under the brand name of another carrier). In addition to the alliance agreements with Star Alliance members, United currently maintains independent marketing alliance agreements with other air carriers, including Aeromar, Aer Lingus, Air Dolomiti, Airlink Proprietary Limited, Azul Linhas A reas Brasileiras S.A. ("Azul"), Boutique Air, Cape Air, Edelweiss, Emirates, Eurowings, Eurowings Discover, flydubai (in process of completion), Hawaiian Airlines, JetSuiteX, Inc. ("JSX"), Olympic Air, Silver Airways, Virgin Australia Airlines Pty Ltd and Vistara. 
 United also participates in four passenger joint business arrangements ("JBAs"): one with Air Canada and the Lufthansa Group (which includes Lufthansa and its affiliates Air Dolomiti, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines, Edelweiss, Eurowings, Eurowings Discover and SWISS) covering transatlantic routes, one with ANA covering certain transpacific routes, one with Air New Zealand covering certain routes between the United States and New Zealand, and one with Air Canada, established in July 2022, covering certain United States and Canada transborder routes. These passenger JBAs enable the participating carriers to integrate the services they provide in the respective regions, capturing revenue synergies and delivering enhanced customer 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 benefits, such as highly competitive flight schedules, fares and services. Separate from the passenger JBAs, United also participates in cargo JBAs with ANA for transpacific cargo services and with Lufthansa for transatlantic cargo services. These cargo JBAs offer expanded and more seamless access to cargo space across the carriers' respective combined networks. 
 United and Emirates entered into a commercial agreement (and United and flydubai are in the process of completing a commercial agreement) to enable passengers to book travel on a single ticket making check-in and luggage transfer faster and easier. United will launch a new direct flight between Newark/New York and Dubai starting in March 2023 from there, customers can travel on Emirates or its sister airline flydubai to more than 100 different cities. This agreement will also give the loyalty program members of both airlines more opportunities for more rewards: United MileagePlus members flying on United's Newark/New York to Dubai flight can soon earn and redeem miles when connecting beyond on Emirates and flydubai and Emirates Skywards members will be able to earn miles when they travel on United operated flights. Eligible United customers will also soon have access to Emirates lounges when connecting to and from United's new Dubai flight. 
 Loyalty Program. United's MileagePlus loyalty program builds customer loyalty by offering awards, benefits and services to program participants. Members in this program earn miles for flights on United, United Express, Star Alliance members and certain other airlines that participate in the program. Members can also earn miles by purchasing goods and services from our network of non-airline partners, such as domestic and international credit card issuers, retail merchants, hotels and car rental companies. Members can redeem miles for free (other than taxes and government-imposed fees), discounted or upgraded travel and non-travel awards. 
 United has an agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. ("Chase"), pursuant to which members of United's MileagePlus loyalty program who are residents of the United States can earn miles for making purchases using a MileagePlus credit card issued by Chase (the "Co-Brand Agreement"). The Co-Brand Agreement also provides for joint marketing and other support for the MileagePlus credit card and provides Chase with other benefits such as permission to market to the Company's customer database. 
 In 2022, approximately 5.6 million MileagePlus flight awards were used on United and United Express. These awards represented approximately 7.3 of United's total revenue passenger miles. Total miles redeemed for flights on United and United Express, including class-of-service upgrades, represented approximately 92 of the total miles redeemed. In addition, excluding miles redeemed for flights on United and United Express, MileagePlus members redeemed miles for approximately 1.2 million other awards. These awards include United Club memberships, car and hotel awards, merchandise and flights on other air carriers. 
 Air Cargo. United provides freight and mail transportation services (air cargo). The majority of air cargo services are provided to commercial businesses, freight forwarder and logistics firms as well as national postal services. Through our global network, our cargo operations are able to connect the world's major freight gateways. We generate cargo revenues in domestic and international markets through the use of cargo space on regularly scheduled passenger aircraft, and starting in 2020, the use of our passenger aircraft for cargo-only flights. The use of cargo-only flights significantly decreased in 2022 due to the return of passenger demand. 
 Distribution Channels. The Company's airline seat inventory and fares are distributed through the Company's direct channels, traditional travel agencies and online travel agencies ("OTA"). The use of the Company's direct sales website, www.united.com, the Company's mobile applications and alternative distribution systems provides the Company with an opportunity to de-commoditize its services, better present its content, make more targeted offerings, better retain its customers, enhance its brand and lower its ticket distribution costs. Agency sales are primarily sold using global distribution systems ("GDS"). United has developed and expects to continue to develop capabilities to sell certain ancillary products through the GDS channel to provide an enhanced buying experience for customers who purchase in that channel. 
 Third-Party Business. United generates third-party business revenue that includes maintenance services, frequent flyer award non-travel redemptions, flight academy and ground handling. Third-party business revenue is recorded in Other operating 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 revenue. Expenses associated with third-party business, except non-travel redemptions, are recorded in Other operating expenses. Non-travel redemptions expenses are recorded to Other operating revenue. 
 Aircraft Fuel. The table below summarizes the fuel consumption and expense of UAL's aircraft (including the operations of our regional partners operating under CPAs) during the last three years. 
 Year Gallons Consumed (in millions) Fuel Expense (in millions) Average Price Per Gallon Percentage of Total Operating Expense 2022 3,608 13,113 3.63 31 2021 2,729 5,755 2.11 22 2020 2,004 3,153 1.57 15 
 Our operational and financial results can be significantly impacted by changes in the price and availability of aircraft fuel. The Company routinely enters into purchase contracts based on expected fuel requirements for UAL aircraft (including regional partners operating under CPAs) that are generally indexed to various market price benchmarks for aircraft fuel. These contracts customarily do not provide material protection against changes in market prices or guarantee the uninterrupted availability of adequate quantities of aircraft fuel. The price of aircraft fuel used by our operations has fluctuated substantially in the past several years. The Company's current strategy is to not enter into financial transactions to hedge the market price exposure of its expected fuel consumption, although the Company regularly reviews its strategy based on market conditions and other factors. 
 Industry Conditions 
 Domestic Competition. The domestic airline industry is highly competitive and dynamic. The Company's competitors consist primarily of other airlines and, to a certain extent, other forms of transportation. Currently, any U.S. carrier deemed fit by the U.S. Department of Transportation (the "DOT") is largely free to operate scheduled passenger service between any two points within the United States. Competition can be direct, in the form of another carrier flying the exact non-stop route, or indirect, where a carrier serves the same two cities non-stop from an alternative airport in that city or via an itinerary requiring a connection at another airport. Air carriers' cost structures are not uniform and are influenced by numerous factors. Carriers with lower costs may offer lower fares to passengers, which could have a potential negative impact on the Company's revenues. Domestic pricing decisions are impacted by intense competitive pressure exerted on the Company by other U.S. airlines. In order to remain competitive and maintain passenger traffic levels, we often find it necessary to match competitors' discounted fares. Since we compete in a dynamic marketplace, attempts to generate additional revenue through increased fares often fail. 
 International Competition. Internationally, the Company competes not only with U.S. airlines, but also with foreign carriers. International competition has increased and may continue to increase in the future as a result of airline mergers and acquisitions, JBAs, alliances, restructurings, liberalization of aviation bilateral agreements and new or increased service by competitors. Competition on international routes is subject to varying degrees of governmental regulation. The Company's ability to compete successfully with non-U.S. carriers on international routes depends in part on its ability to generate traffic to and from the entire United States via its integrated domestic route network and its ability to overcome business and operational challenges across its network worldwide. Foreign carriers currently are prohibited by U.S. law from carrying local passengers between two points in the United States and the Company generally experiences comparable restrictions in foreign countries. Separately, "fifth freedom rights" allow the Company to operate between points in two different foreign countries and foreign carriers may also have fifth freedom rights between the U.S. and another foreign country. In the absence of fifth freedom rights, or some other extra-bilateral right to conduct operations between two foreign countries, U.S. carriers are constrained from carrying passengers to points beyond designated international gateway cities. To compensate partially for these structural limitations, U.S. and foreign carriers have entered into alliances, immunized JBAs and marketing arrangements that enable these carriers to exchange traffic between each other's flights and route networks. Through these arrangements, the Company strives to provide consumers with a growing number of seamless, cost-effective and convenient travel options. See Alliances, above, for additional information. 
 Seasonality. The air travel business is subject to seasonal fluctuations. Historically, demand for air travel is higher in the second and third quarters, driving higher revenues, than in the first and fourth quarters, which are periods of lower travel demand. 
 Environmental, Social and Governance Approach and Highlights 
 Climate Strategy 
 The Company's commitment to operating an environmentally sustainable and responsible airline is woven into its long-term strategy and its values. The Company believes that it is critical, now more than ever, to continue to serve its purpose of connecting people and uniting the world, and is committed to finding solutions, both individually as a company, and together 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 with partners in both the private and public sectors, to do so sustainably and responsibly while also achieving its financial goals. The Company is continuously looking for new ways to reduce its environmental impact in the air, on the ground and at its facilities, which benefits its employees, customers and stockholders. At the end of 2020, the Company pledged a net zero goal to eliminate its greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions by 100 by 2050 without relying on the use of traditional carbon offsets, like planting trees or purchasing voluntary offsets. United was the first airline globally to make such a commitment without relying on the use of traditional offsets. Reliance on such offsets would allow emissions derived from within the value chain of the Company to remain unabated. Given the airline industry's designation as a 'hard-to-abate sector', the Company believes that not relying on traditional carbon offsets is important and the right priority because the airline industry should focus on decarbonization within its own activities as the industry cannot afford to divert resources and attention toward offset programs that do not effectuate real progress within aviation operations. 
 The Company's earnest intention on meeting the net zero GHG emission goal by 2050 led the Company to commit to a mid-term objective of reducing, compared to 2019, its carbon intensity by 50 by 2035. This carbon intensity target is intended to align the Company's net zero goal with the temperature limit goals of the Paris Agreement and allow the Company to show progress towards its 2050 net zero GHG emissions goal in the nearer term. In 2021, the Company also committed to validating this 2035 target with the Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi). 
 The Company is committed to redefining the future of air travel with environmental sustainability at the forefront because it believes that it is the Company's responsibility to take tangible steps to mitigate climate change impacts from its operations. In addition, the Company's climate goals and overall climate strategy are increasingly important factors in its relationships with its employees and customers. Its strategy to achieve its climate goals is centered around four key pathways, each of which is described in further detail below: (i) reducing the Company's environmental footprint, (ii) innovating for potentially transformative carbon reduction technologies, (iii) removing the Company's atmospheric carbon impacts and (iv) collaborating with employees, customers, airports, suppliers, cross-industry partners and policymakers to facilitate faster action and the commercialization of technology solutions concerning climate change. The Company's Board of Directors (the "Board"), including through its Public Responsibility Committee, provides oversight of its climate-related goals and strategy to ensure integration with its core business strategy and management periodically updates the Board on the implementation of the Company's climate-related goals and strategy. The Board, including through its Public Responsibility Committee, also oversees management's identification, evaluation and monitoring of environmental (including climate-related) trends, issues, concerns, risks and opportunities that affect or could affect the Company's reputation, business activities, strategies and performance. 
 Reducing Environmental Footprint : As part of this plan, the Company is focused on maximizing fuel efficiency and reducing fuel usage in its operations. The main focus in realizing this objective is reducing its fossil jet fuel consumption, which is both the largest contributor to its environmental footprint and a sizable expense for the Company. The Company's primary effort in reducing its fossil jet fuel consumption is directed on working with strategic partners to scale, employ and commercialize the use of sustainable aviation fuel ("SAF"). SAF is the most promising technology solution realized today that can abate emissions from the Company's flight operations. SAF can reduce lifecycle GHG emissions by up to 85 compared with conventional jet fuel and has the added benefits of having a limited impact on performance or safety and providing energy diversification. The Company is the U.S. aviation leader in SAF production investment based on publicly announced offtake agreements of certain airlines for future purchases of SAF as of the date hereof. However, SAF supply in the jet fuel market is constrained today and represents, according to industry estimates, far less than 1 of global commercial aviation fuel usage. Additionally, the purchase of SAF today comes with a price premium, compared to conventional jet fuel, to account for the additional costs of scaling and producing this early-stage solution. These challenges with present-day SAF have informed the Company's strategy of investing in SAF producers and technology to help scale the SAF market and unlock future supply for the Company. The Company uses SAF in its regular operations from World Energy at LAX and Neste at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and has purchased nearly 8 million gallons of SAF since 2016. However, as of December 2022, the total volume of SAF the Company used in its operations remained less than 0.1 of its total aviation fuel usage. 
 In 2015, the Company began its strategy of SAF investment, by making a 30 million equity investment in Fulcrum BioEnergy, Inc. ("Fulcrum"), a company working to commercialize SAF production from municipal solid waste. With this investment, the Company entered into a long-term supply agreement with Fulcrum, which provides United the opportunity to purchase at least 900 million gallons of SAF. 
 In 2016, the Company became the first airline globally to use SAF in regular operations on an ongoing basis with SAF from World Energy. 
 In 2021, the Company launched its first-of-its-kind Eco-Skies Alliance program in which corporate and cargo customers agreed to collectively fund the price premium for SAF. As of the end of 2022, customers had committed to fund approximately 9 million gallons of SAF. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 In December 2021, the Company made aviation history by operating the first passenger flight using 100 SAF in one engine from Chicago to Washington, D.C. The flight showcased the safety of SAF and the potential for a dramatically reduced carbon footprint for aviation. 
 In 2022, the Company signed a purchase agreement with Neste for up to 52.5 million gallons of SAF for use at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and potentially other airports. With this agreement, United became the first U.S. airline to execute an international purchase agreement for SAF. 
 In 2022, the Company expanded its SAF investment portfolio through an investment in NEXT Renewables, becoming the first U.S. airline to invest in a biofuel refinery, which at full production could produce up to 50,000 barrels per day of SAF, renewable diesel and other renewable fuels. 
 In 2023, the Company formed a joint venture, Blue Blade Energy ("Blue Blade"), with Tallgrass Energy and Green Plains Inc. to commercialize SAF technology using ethanol as the feedstock. If the technology is successful, the Company has entered into an offtake agreement with Blue Blade to receive up to 135 million gallons of SAF annually for up to 2.7 billion gallons in total the Company's largest offtake agreement. 
 Alongside developing and using SAF, the Company is concentrated on introducing newer, more fuel-efficient aircraft into its fleet as well as improving the efficiency of its existing fleet. From 1990 to 2022, the Company improved its mainline fuel efficiency by approximately 48 . In the second quarter of 2021, the Company announced its United Next plan and entered into firm narrow-body aircraft orders for 200 Boeing 737 MAX aircraft and 70 Airbus A321neo aircraft. A subsequent firm order was placed in 2022 for 100 Boeing 787 aircraft (with options to purchase up to an additional 100 Boeing 787 aircraft) and the Company also exercised an option to purchase 44 Boeing 737 MAX aircraft, finalized an order for an additional 56 Boeing 737 MAX aircraft and increased the number of options to purchase Boeing 737 MAX aircraft by an additional 100. Collectively, the introduction of the new aircraft into the fleet is expected to result in 17 -25 lower carbon emissions per available seat-mile ("ASM") compared to older planes. In conjunction with its SAF strategy and improving the fuel efficiency of its fleet, the Company has been revamping its flight and ground operations, including implementing operational and procedural initiatives to drive fuel conservation. Over 4,100 units of the Company's ground service equipment ("GSE") around the world are electric or use alternative fuels and, as of the end of 2022, approximately 34 of its GSE fleet has been electrified. The Company has worked collaboratively across its organization and with Air Traffic Control ("ATC") providers to improve fuel efficiency through the implementation of best practices, by providing training to its pilots and dispatchers and supplying them with the tools needed to execute on those strategies. 
 Innovating in Carbon Reduction Technology : The Company has been forming, through its corporate venture capital arm, United Airlines Ventures ("UAV"), collaborations with, as well as investing in, early-stage climate technology companies that have the potential to scale and support the Company's climate targets or are generally supportive of advancing sustainability within the broader economy. 
 In 2021, the Company announced, through UAV, investments in aerospace technologies, like electric vertical takeoff and landing ("eVTOL") aircraft (through its investment in Archer Aviation), electric aircraft (Heart Aerospace) and hydrogen-electric engines (ZeroAvia) to advance technologies with a potential to help decarbonize air travel in the future, once regulatory approvals are obtained. 
 In September 2022, UAV announced an addition to its eVTOL investment portfolio with an investment in Eve Air Mobility ("Eve"), a company that is developing an electric four-seater aircraft. Along with the investment, the Company entered into a conditional purchase agreement for 200 aircraft with Eve, with expected first deliveries as early as 2026, once regulatory approvals are obtained. 
 In November 2022, UAV broadened its technology investment portfolio to include clean energy infrastructure with an investment in Natron Energy, a battery manufacturer developing novel sodium-ion batteries. Natron's technology has the potential to help reduce the GHG footprint of United's ground operations by helping to electrify its airport GSE. 
 Removing Carbon Impact : The Company intends to extend its environmental sustainability efforts beyond reducing emissions by also focusing on carbon removal by investing in carbon capture technologies to either sequester carbon or potentially utilize captured carbon to make low-carbon fuels. In 2020, the Company became the first airline to announce a commitment to invest in direct air capture, a carbon capture and sequestration technology, and since then has broadened its investment approach to also include technologies that can utilize captured carbon to make high-value, low-carbon products. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 In December 2021, UAV invested in Dimensional Energy ("Dimensional"), a novel technology startup that converts carbon dioxide ("CO 2 ") and water into fuel, primarily SAF. Along with the investment, the Company and Dimensional also reached a commercial agreement for the Company to purchase at least 300 million gallons of SAF over 20 years. 
 In March 2022, UAV and Oxy Low Carbon Ventures announced an investment in biotech firm Cemvita Factory to commercialize the production of SAF intended to be developed through a revolutionary new process using CO 2 and synthetic microbes. 
 In December 2022, UAV invested in Svante, a developer of carbon capture and removal technology using structured adsorbent beds, also known as filters. 
 It is important to note that certain of these technology solutions pertaining to both carbon reduction and carbon removal innovations need time to reach commercial viability. Despite this and other hurdles, the Company believes that these solutions show potential for scale and future reduction of GHG emissions. 
 Collaborating with Partners : The Company has devoted a significant amount of time and energy on defining a better future of flying by collaborating with employees, customers, airports, suppliers, cross-industry partners and policymakers to scale the supply of decarbonization technology solutions, minimize its environmental impact, boost environmental sustainability of the airline industry and protect the environment, all of which are key to advancing the Company's climate goals. 
 The Company has historically supported the adoption of more aggressive industry targets, with both Airlines for America ("A4A") and the International Air Transport Association committing in 2021 to net-zero emissions by 2050 for domestic and international carriers, respectively. In addition, the Company along with other A4A members have pledged to work towards the Biden Administration's SAF Grand Challenge to collectively make 3 billion gallons of SAF available domestically by 2030. 
 The Company worked with federal policymakers to champion passage of the Sustainable Skies Act SAF Blender's Tax Credit through the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the "IRA"). This credit creates an economic incentive for increased SAF production within the United States. 
 The Company is a founding member of the Biden Administration's First Movers Coalition, a collective of leading companies committing to purchase low-carbon technologies in hard-to-abate sectors. As part of its membership, the Company has committed to using emerging technologies with significant emissions reductions by 2030 and has also set a target of replacing at least 5 of conventional jet fuel demand with SAF that reduces lifecycle GHG emissions by 85 or more compared with conventional jet fuel by 2030. 
 At the international level, the Company was the only U.S. airline that attended the 2022 UN Conference of the Parties ("COP27") climate conference, to continue its engagement with policymakers on aviation decarbonization strategies. 
 Additional quantitative emissions data for fiscal years 2021 and 2020 follow this paragraph. The Company believes that its absolute GHG emissions will increase in the immediate future as the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company's operations continues to lessen and the Company implements its United Next strategy and continues to grow. In addition, even though purchasing carbon offsets could present near-term emissions reductions, as outlined above, the Company is resolute in attaining its mid-term and long-term climate goals without relying on the use of traditional carbon offsets to support its voluntary climate targets and has made progress towards implementing solutions that are needed to permanently change aviation and reduce the environmental impact of air travel to protect our planet for generations to come. Such commitment is demonstrated by the end of the Company's customer offset program and elimination of emission reductions realized by carbon offsets as reflected in its 2021 GHG inventory. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Carbon Emissions 2021 2020 Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions in Metric Tons CO 2 e 
 Gross GHG emissions 21,375,275 15,490,070 SAF emissions reductions (4,790) (4,708) Net GHG emissions 21,370,485 15,485,363 Indirect Emissions in Metric Tons CO 2 e 
 Indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 160,794 175,087 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions 5,561,745 4,280,317 Total GHG Emissions in Metric Tons CO 2 e 
 Gross GHG emissions 27,093,024 19,940,767 Carbon offsets (a) (4,106) Net GHG emissions 27,093,024 19,936,661 Carbon Emissions Intensity Rates (b) 2021 2020 Emissions Intensity per Revenue ton-mile ("RTM") Mainline RTMs (millions) (c) 15,371 9,755 Metric tons CO 2 e/1,000 mainline RTMs (d) 
 1,401 1,605 Emissions Intensity per ASM ASMs (millions) (e) 178,684 122,804 Regional metric tons CO 2 e/1,000 mainline and regional ASMs (f) 
 151 161 (a) Offset purchases made in 2020 were part of discrete promotional campaigns. These promotions were offered prior to the Company's announcement in December 2020 of its commitment to reduce 100 of its GHG emissions by 2050 without the voluntary use of traditional offsets and are no longer part of the Company's promotional campaigns. The Company may be subject to future regulatory requirements that require the purchase of carbon offsets. 
 (b) Intensity rates and operational figures are calculated based on third-party verified data for 2021 and 2020. 
 (c) The number of mainline revenue (passenger and cargo) tons transported multiplied by the number of miles flown on each segment. 
 (d) Scope 1+2 emissions/mainline RTMs; metric used for tracking progress against industry goal of 1.5 /year efficiency improvement. 
 (e) The number of seats available for passengers multiplied by the number of scheduled miles those seats are flown. 
 (f) Scope 1+2+3 regional emissions/mainline+regional ASMs; metric used for tracking progress against our 2035 and 2050 climate change goals. 
 
 Additional information on United's commitment to environmental sustainability is available at united.com/sustainability. The information contained on or connected to the Company's website is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this or any other report filed with the SEC. 
 Human Capital Management and Resources 
 Our national campaign "Good Leads the Way" tells the story of United's leadership in areas like customer service, diversity, equity and inclusion and sustainability and captures the optimism that fuels our large ambitions at a time of unprecedented demand in air travel. Our employees around the world are joined in a shared purpose of "Connecting People. Uniting the World" by enabling connections that matter and move society whether it is connecting people across cultures, flying a loved one to a wedding, connecting medical professionals at a breakthrough conference or getting a business traveler to an important meeting or back home in time for a child's big game. Our ability to make these connections, as well as to build long-term value for our shareholders and contribute to the broader community, depends on our commitment to attract and retain the best talent at all levels of our organization and across our global workforce. To facilitate talent attraction and retention, we strive through our human capital management strategy to create lifelong careers for the people of United. That includes professional development and promotional opportunities and the ability to qualify for retirement benefits, health and wellness benefits and, of course, travel privileges, as we remain dedicated to providing the best place for our employees to work. Our core4 (we are safe, then caring, dependable and efficient) serves as the framework for how we take care of our customers and each other and how we make decisions as a team. For United, our shared purpose is about more than getting people from one place to another and executing our strategic priorities: it means that as a global company that operates in hundreds of locations around the world with millions of customers, we have a unique responsibility and opportunity to drive meaningful change in the places where we fly by creating exciting, rewarding and long-term careers for tens of thousands of people who live in the communities that we serve. 
 Demographics: As of December 31, 2022, UAL, including its subsidiaries, had approximately 92,795 employees consisting of approximately 23,065 flight attendants, 16,129 passenger service agents, 15,088 ramp service agents, 13,831 pilots, 8,499 technicians and related flight simulator technicians, 965 storekeeper employees, 393 dispatchers, 336 fleet tech instructors, load 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 planners, maintenance instructors and security officers and 14,489 management and other personnel. Approximately 84 of the Company's employees were represented by various U.S. labor organizations at year-end 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, of our U.S. employees, approximately 39 were female and approximately 49 self-identified as part of an underrepresented racial or ethnic group. Our workforce diversity metrics are reported regularly to the executive team and to the Board. The Board believes that its membership should continue to reflect a diversity of gender, race, ethnicity, age, sexual orientation and gender identity and is committed to actively seeking women and minority candidates for the pool from which director candidates are chosen in support of the Board's commitment to diversity. The following table contains aggregate information regarding certain self-identified characteristics of our U.S. employees and directors: 
 U.S. Employees and Directors (a) Board of Directors Company-wide Frontline Professional/ Supervisory Senior Professional/ Leaders Senior Leaders Female 3 32,925 28,845 2,772 1,228 80 Male 10 50,629 44,800 3,481 2,184 164 Asian 10,281 8,775 826 661 19 American Indian/Alaska Native 353 321 24 7 1 Black/African American 2 12,086 10,976 853 243 14 Hispanic/Latino 14,486 13,077 1,082 315 12 Hawaiian/Pacific Island 2,094 1,930 131 32 1 Not disclosed 1,541 1,356 123 59 3 Two or more races 1,650 1,471 131 43 5 Aboriginal/VisMin Canadian 3 3 White 11 41,060 35,736 3,083 2,052 189 (a) Diversity representation data is for U.S. workforce only, excluding employees on leave and those directly employed by United subsidiaries, as of December 31, 2022. Diversity tracking is prohibited by law in some international locations. Numbers may not sum due to rounding. 
 Connecting People. Uniting the World: The following programs, policies and initiatives encompass some of the objectives and measures that we continue to focus on as part of our human capital management strategy: 
 Workplace Safety: At United, safety is first in everything we do and is our first core4 service standard. We are focused on promoting our safety culture to ensure that every employee across the Company holds each other to the highest safety standards. Our comprehensive, formalized approach to managing the safety of everyone at the Company is through our enterprise-wide Safety Management System ("SMS"), which is governed by the Company's Chief Executive Officer, is implemented, overseen and cascaded by the Company's Corporate Safety team and is delivered by divisional teams with regular training and monitoring. The SMS helps us assure that we are adhering to our safety standards, communicating those standards across all of our divisions and departments and identifying safety hazards. The SMS also confirms that our safety risk mitigations are working properly (mainly through audits). We have also established a "United Safety Excellence Program" that recognizes United locations with exceptional safety performance and commitments to safety. As of December 31, 2022, we have certified 35 United locations, which is aligned with our certifications pre-COVID-19 pandemic. 
 In addition, the Company has onsite clinic locations in four of its hubs that provide care to active employees, including, but not limited to, services related to occupational injury, Company-directed exams, acute care for personal illness, pre-employment exams, travel immunizations and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration ("OSHA") audiometric testing. For all other locations, United has partnered with third-party clinics to provide such services. Additionally, the Company actively follows the recommendations of the CDC and since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company has implemented additional safety measures in compliance with CDC guidelines. 
 The Board, including through its Public Responsibility Committee, provides oversight of the Company's policies, positioning and practices concerning various broad public policy issues, including those that relate to safety and public health (including workplace and customer safety and security), and the full Board is provided with a safety update at every Board meeting. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion ("DEI") : At United we are on a mission to become the best airline in the history of aviation and change the face of the aviation industry by creating pathways for a more diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace. To achieve this goal, we must ensure that our airline, team members, practices and our policies reflect our global customer base and the communities we serve. Our DEI strategy is centered around transforming the future of aviation in the following ways: 
 creating greater awareness, access and opportunities for underrepresented groups to create long, lucrative careers at United; 
 growing our uniquely inclusive culture; 
 offering a more accessible and culturally sensitive travel experience for all of our customers; 
 empowering our communities; and 
 modeling active leadership to build a strong pipeline for business diversity. 
 We are making progress in diversifying our leadership and key talent pipelines, including pilots and technicians, and we are holding ourselves accountable by setting goals tied to our executive compensation plans. Our comprehensive approach to sustainable progress includes building customized strategies for each functional area of our business to attract, develop and support diverse talent in the advancement of their careers at United. 
 In 2022, our new hire representation of women and people of color in management and administrative roles was higher by approximately 5 and 9 , respectively, when compared to beginning of year representation. A key contributing factor to this growth was setting a goal to have 90 of interview slates include a diverse set of candidates. In 2022, we also increased representation at the officer level where 60 of officer promotions were women and 40 were people of color. Our highly engaged employee-led Business Resource Groups ("BRG") are also helping to drive our strategies and grow our inclusive culture. Our 44 BRG chapters with 2022 memberships totaling approximately 27,000 memberships worldwide build cultural awareness and allyship for the various communities they represent Black, LGBTQ+, multicultural, multigenerational, people with disabilities, veterans, women, and working parents and caregivers. Each of our eight BRGs is sponsored by a member of our executive team. 
 In the summer of 2021, United opened the United Aviate Academy (the "Academy") with a goal for at least half of the pilot graduates to be women or people of color. Since April 2021, we have received approximately 20,000 applications. The Academy has completed its first full year of operations with the inaugural graduating class in January 2023. Students enrolled in the first year of operation were 43 women and 74 people of color. The Academy is designed to set its graduates up for a career that reflects United's high standard of professionalism and deep commitment to delivering a safe, caring, dependable and efficient travel experience. 
 Not only does the Academy publicly establish our commitment to diversity, but our partnerships for pilot recruiting at three Historically Black Colleges and Universities ("HBCUs") enable us to support organizations that have a long history of serving underrepresented communities. The Academy's pilot recruiting program provides a new and effective path to a United flight deck and partnering with HBCUs gives United the opportunity to further our efforts to diversify our employee base and flight decks. Elizabeth City State University, Hampton University and Delaware State University are the core of the Academy's commitment to HBCUs. 
 We are also enhancing awareness and access for underrepresented groups to careers as aircraft maintenance technicians through Calibrate, our new in-house apprenticeship program launched in November 2022. We plan to train more than 1,000 new technicians by 2026, with a goal of at least half being women or people of color. Our first cohort was comprised of 80 people of color. In the 36-month program, apprentices will gain the skills and knowledge to obtain their A P Certificate, including hands-on and classroom training and mentorship alongside United's experienced technicians. Calibrate plans to expand to over a dozen locations in 2023, will be open to United's global employee base and external candidates and will be key in helping United achieve its goal of hiring 7,000 maintenance technicians by 2026. 
 Through our skills-first hiring approach, we are prioritizing a focus on the skills, capabilities and talent a candidate brings to the table rather than categorically excluding talent for not having a four-year college degree. 
 We are one of over 60 leading employers who have partnered with OneTen, an organization focused on addressing the racial wealth gap through skills-first hiring. We have committed to doing our part to help the organization lead the upskilling, hiring and promotion of one million Black people without a four-year college degree into family-sustaining careers over the next 10 years. Since joining, United has hired over 2,000 employees that contribute to our partnership commitment with OneTen. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 We host two cohorts of students each year with our talent partner Year Up, a nonprofit that empowers young, talented professionals to move into careers in a single year by providing technical and professional skills training for entry-level roles and connecting them with their first corporate experience. This helps build skills and experiences that will empower them to reach their potential, while giving hiring managers access to a motivated, diverse talent pipeline. Last year, we set a goal that 80 of each cohort would be hired as United team members and we exceeded that goal in August 2022 with 100 of our cohort being hired and on the path to a long, lucrative career as highly engaged team members. 
 Pay equity is a key tenet of our rewards strategy because it promotes an environment in which all employees feel valued and respected. In 2021, we disclosed that we have achieved near-perfect pay equity for employees of all genders and races performing comparable work across our U.S. operations. In 2022, we continued our commitment to conducting annual reviews of our pay practices, including among managers, to maintain pay equity. 
 Our commitment to diversity and empowerment extends from our workforce and continues in our relationships with our suppliers as we recognize that we can meet our business needs while supporting economic growth in marginalized communities. In 2021, we announced our aspiration to become a member of the Billion Dollar Roundtable ("BDR"), a group of corporations recognized for spending at least 1 billion annually with diverse-owned businesses. We have built a strong foundation to keep us on track and are working to improve the rate of inclusion for diverse-owned businesses in our supply chain. In 2022, we more than doubled our spend with diverse and women-owned businesses and added more than 80 new diverse suppliers to our supply chain. 
 Board Oversight : Our Board, assisted by several of its committees, plays a key role in the strategic oversight of management regarding the development, implementation and effectiveness of the Company's policies and strategies relating to human capital management. For instance, the Board's Executive Committee oversees and reviews significant human capital strategies, including culture, talent management and DEI matters, and the Board's Public Responsibility Committee reviews and monitors the development and implementation of the Company's DEI and strategic goals and objectives. Many of our Board members have experience overseeing workforce issues as CEOs and presidents of other companies or organizations. The Compensation Committee also engages an independent compensation and benefits consulting firm to help evaluate our executive compensation and benefit programs and to provide benchmarking against a group of peer companies, including peers within the airline industry. 
 Career Growth and Development and Succession Planning : We offer a broad range of professional training and education for the career advancement and leadership development of our employees. In 2022, about 90 of our senior leader positions filled were internal placements and 513 frontline employees were promoted into management roles, almost three times as many as the prior year. Our key leadership development programs include structured nomination programs for high potential leaders with a focus on diverse representation and opportunities for all employees to develop their careers. Rise and LEAD are 6-month targeted programs for high-potential directors, senior managers and managers who are focused on developing strategic thinking, innovation, business acumen and executive presence skills, including through executive coaching and action learning projects. The Airport Operations Leadership Academy provides development opportunities for all employees and supports United's goal to build a robust, diverse leadership talent pipeline. The Airport Operations Leadership Academy provides courses, experiential learning and mentoring that can lead to certification in technical, technology and leadership skills. Our commitment to mentoring and sponsorship is reflected in several programs implemented through BRGs, departments such as Inflight and Airport Operations and the Academy. Succession planning provides us the opportunity to evaluate our key successors, create curated development plans for them and align on gaps to begin the process of proactively identifying external talent for director and above positions. Executives engage in succession planning by continuously evaluating, developing and mentoring our high potential talent and providing them with advancement opportunities to ensure they are prepared when executive and management positions become available. The Board also engages in annual succession planning and talent development discussions with our Chief Executive Officer, focusing on our ability to identify, attract, prepare and retain talented employees for future leadership positions. 
 Employee Engagement : We routinely conduct confidential employee engagement surveys of our global workforce, which provide feedback on employee satisfaction and engagement and cover a variety of topics such as company culture, safety and values, execution of our strategy, diversity, equity and inclusion and individual development, among others. Survey results are reviewed by our executive team, who analyze opportunities for progress both at a company level as well as at a function level. Individual managers also use survey results to implement actions and activities intended to increase the well-being of our employees. We believe that our employee engagement initiatives, competitive pay and benefit programs and career growth and development opportunities help increase employee satisfaction and tenure and reduce voluntary turnover. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Talent and Pay: While our rewards package for most of our employees is defined by our collective bargaining agreements, it includes competitive base pay, travel privileges and other comprehensive benefits, including health, wellness and retirement programs for all our employees, including part-time employees. We also review both industry and local market data at least annually to identify trends and market gaps in order to maintain the competitiveness of our compensation and employee benefit programs. With respect to executives, a substantial proportion of their total rewards is variable, at-risk pay that is based on Company performance and delivered in the form of equity, supporting alignment over the long term between our executives and our shareholders. We align our executives' long-term equity compensation with our shareholders' interests by linking realizable pay with stock performance. In addition, the Company has performance-based compensation programs for other management employee leaders, including managers, supervisors and team leads. 
 Collective Bargaining Agreements: Collective bargaining agreements between the Company and its represented employee groups are negotiated under the Railway Labor Act ("RLA"). Such agreements typically do not contain an expiration date and instead specify an amendable date, upon which the agreement is considered "open for amendment." The following table reflects the Company's represented employee groups, the number of employees per represented group, union representation for each employee group, and the amendable date for each employee group's collective bargaining agreement as of December 31, 2022: 
 Employee Group Number of Employees Union Agreement Open for Amendment United Airlines, Inc.: Flight Attendants 23,065 Association of Flight Attendants (the "AFA") August 2021 Fleet Service 15,088 International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (the "IAM") December 2021 Pilots 13,831 Air Line Pilots Association January 2019 Passenger Service 11,649 IAM December 2021 Technicians 8,499 International Brotherhood of Teamsters (the "IBT") December 2022 Storekeepers 965 IAM December 2021 Dispatchers 393 Professional Airline Flight Control Association (the "PAFCA") December 2024 Fleet Tech Instructors 180 IAM December 2021 Load Planners 69 IAM December 2021 Security Officers 45 IAM December 2021 Maintenance Instructors 42 IAM December 2021 United Ground Express, Inc.: Passenger Service 4,480 IAM March 2025 
 In November 2022, United dispatchers represented by the PAFCA voted to ratify a two-year contract extension. In January 2023, United and the IBT ratified an extension to its labor contract. The agreement becomes amendable in December 2024 and includes a one-year early opener that allows for bargaining on a successor agreement to begin in December 2023. 
 Additional Information: See our report at crreport.united.com, for additional information on our human capital management programs, initiatives and measures. We are committed to transparency and accountability as we work to better reflect the diversity of the communities we serve in all areas of our business and, to track our progress, have committed to sharing our U.S. workforce demographic data by self-identified race, ethnicity and gender on an annual basis on our website. The information contained on or connected to the Company's website is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this or any other report filed with the SEC. 
 Industry Regulation 
 Airlines are subject to extensive domestic and international regulatory oversight. The following discussion summarizes the principal elements of the regulatory framework applicable to our business. Regulatory requirements, including but not limited 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 to those discussed below, affect our operations and increase our operating costs, and future regulatory developments may continue to do the same. In addition, should any of our governmental authorizations or certificates be modified, suspended or revoked, our business and competitive position could be materially adversely affected. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors " The airline industry is subject to extensive government regulation, which imposes significant costs and may adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition " for additional information on the material effects of compliance with government regulations. 
 Domestic Regulation. All carriers engaged in air transportation in the United States are subject to regulation by the DOT. Absent an exemption, no air carrier may provide air transportation of passengers or property without first being issued a DOT certificate of public convenience and necessity. The DOT also grants international route authority, approves international codeshare arrangements and regulates methods of competition. The DOT regulates consumer protection and maintains jurisdiction over advertising, denied boarding compensation, tarmac delays, baggage liability and other areas and may add additional expensive regulatory burdens in the future. The DOT has launched investigations or claimed rulemaking authority to regulate commercial agreements among carriers or between carriers and third parties in a wide variety of contexts. 
 Airlines are also regulated by the Federal Aviation Administration (the "FAA"), an agency within the DOT, primarily in the areas of flight safety, air carrier operations and aircraft maintenance and airworthiness. The FAA issues air carrier operating certificates and aircraft airworthiness certificates, prescribes maintenance procedures, oversees airport operations and regulates pilot and other employee training. From time to time, the FAA issues directives that require air carriers to inspect, modify or ground aircraft and other equipment, potentially causing the Company to incur substantial, unplanned expenses. The airline industry is also subject to numerous other federal laws and regulations. The U.S. Department of Homeland Security ("DHS") has jurisdiction over virtually every aspect of civil aviation security. The Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice ("DOJ") has jurisdiction over certain airline competition matters. The U.S. Postal Service has authority over certain aspects of the transportation of mail by airlines. Labor relations in the airline industry are generally governed by the RLA, a federal statute. The Company is also subject to investigation inquiries by the DOT, FAA, DOJ, DHS, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ("FDA"), the U.S. Department of Agriculture ("USDA"), Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ("CDC"), OSHA and other U.S. and international regulatory bodies. 
 Airport Access. Access to landing and take-off rights, or "slots," at several major U.S. airports served by the Company are subject to government regulation. Federally-mandated domestic slot restrictions that limit operations and regulate capacity currently apply at three airports: Reagan National Airport in Washington, D.C., and John F. Kennedy International Airport and LaGuardia Airport in the New York City metropolitan region. Additional restrictions on takeoff and landing slots at these and other airports may be implemented in the future and could affect the Company's rights of ownership and transfer as well as its operations. 
 Legislation . The airline industry is subject to legislative actions (or inactions) that may have an impact on operations and costs. In 2018, the U.S. Congress approved a five-year reauthorization for the FAA that will expire in September 2023. Discussions in connection with the reauthorization could include a wide range of tax and policy issues. Potential policy changes for consideration could include airline customer service requirements, aviation safety, investments in FAA staffing and resources, advancements in improving air traffic control ("ATC") technology, labor requirements and managing new entrants in the National Air Space. These issues could impact the Company and larger airline industry. Congressional action on reauthorization is expected to occur after the September 2023 expiration date, and in that case, Congress will likely pass an extension of current law to prevent any lapse in taxing authority. 
 International Regulation. International air transportation is subject to extensive government regulation. In connection with the Company's international services, the Company is regulated by both the U.S. government and the governments of the foreign countries or regions the Company serves. In addition, the availability of international routes to U.S. carriers is regulated by aviation agreements between the U.S. and foreign governments and in some cases, fares and schedules require the approval of the DOT and/or the relevant foreign governments. 
 Legislation. Foreign countries are increasingly enacting passenger protection laws, rules and regulations that meet or exceed U.S. requirements. In cases where this activity exceeds U.S. requirements, additional burden and liability may be placed on the Company. Certain countries have regulations requiring passenger compensation from the Company and/or enforcement penalties in addition to changes in operating procedures due to overbooked, canceled or delayed flights. 
 Airport Access. Historically, access to foreign routes has been tightly controlled through bilateral agreements between the U.S. and each foreign jurisdiction involved. These agreements regulate the routes served, the number of carriers allowed to serve each route and the frequency of carriers' flights. Since the early 1990s, the U.S. has pursued a policy of "Open Skies" (meaning all U.S. and foreign carriers have access to the destination) under which the U.S. government has negotiated a number of bilateral agreements allowing unrestricted access between U.S. and foreign points. Currently, there are more than 100 Open Skies agreements in effect. However, even with Open Skies, many of the airports that the Company serves in Africa, the Middle 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 East, Asia/Pacific, Europe, and Latin America maintain slot controls. A large number of these slot controls exist due to congestion, environmental and noise protection and reduced capacity due to runway and ATC construction work, among other reasons. 
 The Company's ability to serve some foreign routes and expand into certain others is limited by the absence of aviation agreements between the U.S. government and the relevant foreign governments. Shifts in U.S. or foreign government aviation policies may lead to the alteration or termination of air service agreements. Depending on the nature of any such change, the value of the Company's international route authorities and slot rights may be materially enhanced or diminished. Similarly, foreign governments control their airspace and can restrict our ability to overfly their territory, which may enhance or diminish the value of the Company's existing international route authorizations and slot rights. 
 Epidemics or pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, may cause governments to restrict entry of passengers and/or to impose health management rules which can include vaccinations, boosters, testing, quarantine upon arrival, health declarations and temperature screens, among others. Such requirements may result in reduced demand for travel in certain circumstances and may cause the Company to suspend certain international services. Although certain governments may grant waivers for limited periods that allow the Company to maintain existing slot rights and route authorizations while not operating at a particular foreign point, waivers are not guaranteed. 
 Environmental Regulation. The airline industry is subject to increasingly stringent federal, state, local and international environmental regulations, including those regulating emissions to air, water discharges, safe drinking water and the use and management of hazardous substances and wastes. The Company endeavors to comply with all applicable environmental regulations. 
 Climate Change. As outlined above, the Company's commitment to becoming a more environmentally sustainable company extends beyond seeking to comply with regulatory requirements. At the same time, efforts to reduce carbon emissions through environmental sustainability legislation and regulation, or non-binding standards or accords, is an increased focus of global, national and regional regulators. A policy to regulate GHG emissions from aviation known as the European Union ("EU") Emission Trading System ("ETS") was adopted in 2009, but applicability to flights arriving at or departing from airports outside the EU has been postponed several times. In December 2017, the European Parliament voted to extend exemptions for extra-EU flights until December 2023 in order to align with the completion of the pilot phase of the International Civil Aviation Organization's ("ICAO") Carbon Offsetting and Reduction Scheme for International Aviation ("CORSIA"). More recently, the European Parliament and Council reached a provisional agreement to extend exemptions for extra-EU flights from 2023 to 2027. The extension of EU ETS to extra-EU flights could still occur in future years, depending on the EU government's assessment of the effectiveness of CORSIA. CORSIA, which was adopted in October 2016, is intended to create a single global market-based measure to achieve carbon-neutral growth for international aviation, through airline purchases of eligible carbon offset credits and the use of eligible sustainable fuels. The unprecedented nature of the COVID-19 pandemic prompted ICAO to include only 2019 emissions (as opposed to the originally planned average of 2019-20 emissions) as the baseline upon which offsetting obligations would be calculated for the pilot phase (2021-23) of the scheme. At the conclusion of the 2022 ICAO Assembly's 41st Session in October 2022, the ICAO Assembly passed a resolution establishing the baseline for the subsequent phases of CORSIA at 85 of 2019 emissions. This decision is expected to substantially increase United's anticipated CORSIA compliance costs as compared to a 2019-only baseline, although the exact mechanism by which CORSIA will be implemented domestically is currently unknown. Certain CORSIA program aspects could also potentially be affected by the results of the pilot phase of the program, and thus the impact of CORSIA cannot be fully predicted. Domestically, in December 2020, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") adopted its own aircraft and aircraft engine GHG emissions standards, which are aligned with the 2017 ICAO airplane CO2 emission standards. In June 2022, the same standards were proposed by the FAA, the agency responsible for enforcing the standard at the time of aircraft certification, and are awaiting a final rule. 
 The Company believes that policies that incentivize the production of SAF, such as the passage of tax credit incentives for the production of SAF in the IRA, or economy-wide carbon prices or taxes, will enable the Company to decarbonize its operations more cost efficiently than a patchwork of regulatory requirements on aviation, particularly those that require airlines to reduce flights or impose the cost of transitioning to low-carbon alternatives disproportionately on airlines. The Company lauded the U.S. government's passage of the IRA and will continue to work with policymakers to adopt policies that incentivize the production of SAF to allow the industry to transition to a lower carbon future. In addition, while the Company is resolute in attaining its mid-term and long-term climate goals without relying on voluntary use of traditional carbon offsets, the Company may be subject to future regulatory requirements that require the purchase of carbon offsets, which may expose the Company to additional costs associated with the procurement of offsets or limited supply in the carbon offsets market. The Company believes that policies that incentivize in-sector emissions reductions, rather than carbon offset purchases, will better support the industry's transition to a lower carbon future. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Other Regulations . Our operations are subject to a variety of other environmental laws and regulations both in the United States and internationally. These include noise-related restrictions on aircraft types and operating times and state and local air quality initiatives which have resulted, or could in the future result in curtailments in services, increased operating costs, limits on expansion, or further emission reduction requirements. Certain airports and/or governments, both domestically and internationally, either have established or are seeking to establish environmental fees and other requirements applicable to carbon emissions, local air quality pollutants and/or noise. The implementation of these requirements is expected to result in restrictions on mobile sources of air pollutants such as cars, trucks and airport ground support equipment in corresponding locations. 
 Various states have passed legislation restricting the use of Class B fire-fighting foam agents that contain intentionally added per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances ("PFAS"), which are requiring the Company to continue to incur costs to convert existing fixed foam fire suppression systems to accommodate PFAS-free firefighting foam agents. In addition, the EPA has developed the PFAS Strategic Roadmap, which includes regulatory actions across a wide spectrum of its statutory authorities, including the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act ("CERCLA"), the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Clean Water Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act and the Safe Drinking Water Act. In August 2022, EPA proposed to designate two PFAS substances, perfluorooctanoic acid PFOA and perfluorooctanesulfonic acid PFOS as hazardous substances under CERCLA. The proposed rule would authorize the EPA to order cleanup actions and hold responsible parties liable under CERCLA's joint and several liability scheme. The proposed rule would also require the Company to immediately report releases that meet or exceed the reportable quantity of PFOA or PFOS to the EPA and any other applicable state and local agencies. The Company expects these broad regulatory policies will increase the risk of incurring remediation costs and/or liabilities at current and former locations at which the Company currently or historically used fire-fighting foam agents containing PFOA, PFOS or other PFAS substances. To mitigate these risks, the Company is working to remove PFAS-containing fire-fighting foam from its hangars and other assets through a phased retrofit/replacement strategy, and is committed to transitioning to PFAS-free materials for fire suppression. Finally, environmental cleanup laws could require the Company to undertake (or subject the Company to liability for costs associated with) investigation and remediation actions at certain owned or leased locations or third-party disposal locations. Because PFOA, PFOS and other PFAS substances are expected to be regulated under CERCLA and have been regulated other environmental cleanup laws, the Company may become subject to potential liability for its historic usage of PFAS-containing materials, although such potential liability is not expected to be significant. Until the applicability of new regulations to our specific operations is better defined and/or until pending regulations are finalized, future costs to comply with such regulations will remain uncertain but are likely to increase our operating costs over time. 
 While the Company is required to comply with numerous applicable environmental regulations, the Company believes that these regulations and programs, including the pilot phase of CORSIA, EPA regulations regarding PFAS and GHG emissions, and other existing environmental regulations, are not reasonably likely to have a material effect on the Company's results or competitive position. However, the precise nature of future requirements and their applicability to the Company are difficult to predict, and the financial impact to the Company and the aviation industry could be significant. 
 
 Information about Our Executive Officers 
 Below is a list of the Company's executive officers as of the date hereof, including their name, office(s) held and age. 
 Name Position Age Torbjorn (Toby) J. Enqvist Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer 51 Kate Gebo Executive Vice President Human Resources and Labor Relations 54 Brett J. Hart President 53 Gregory L. Hart Executive Vice President and Chief Growth Officer 57 Linda P. Jojo Executive Vice President and Chief Customer Officer 57 J. Scott Kirby Chief Executive Officer 55 Gerald Laderman Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 65 Andrew Nocella Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer 53 
 Set forth below is a description of the background of each of the Company's executive officers. Executive officers are elected by UAL's Board for an initial term that continues until the first Board meeting following the next Annual Meeting of Shareholders and thereafter, are elected for a one-year term or until their successors have been chosen, or until their earlier death, resignation or removal. Executive officers serve at the discretion of the Board. Unless otherwise stated, employment is by UAL and United. There are no family relationships between any executive officer or director of UAL. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Torbjorn (Toby) J. Enqvist. Mr. Enqvist has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer of UAL and United since July 2022. From June 2021 to July 2022, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Customer Officer of UAL and United. From August 2018 to May 2021, he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Customer Officer of UAL and United. From December 2017 to August 2018, he served as Senior Vice President of Network Operations and Customer Solutions of UAL and United. From July 2017 to December 2017, he served as Senior Vice President of Customer Solutions and Recovery of UAL and United. From December 2015 to June 2017, he served as Vice President Hubs Domestic International Line Stations. From January 2014 to November 2015, he served as Vice President Project Quality. From November 2011 to December 2013, he served as Vice President Newark Hub. From January 2010 to October 2011, he served as Vice President Security Environment Affairs. Mr. Enqvist joined Continental Airlines, Inc. ("Continental") in 1996. 
 Kate Gebo. Ms. Gebo has served as Executive Vice President Human Resources and Labor Relations of UAL and United since December 2017. From November 2016 to November 2017, Ms. Gebo served as Senior Vice President, Global Customer Service Delivery and Chief Customer Officer of United. From October 2015 to November 2016, Ms. Gebo served as Vice President of the Office of the Chief Executive Officer of United. From November 2009 to October 2015, Ms. Gebo served as Vice President of Corporate Real Estate of United. 
 Brett J. Hart. Mr. Hart has served as President of UAL and United since May 2020. From March 2019 to May 2020, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of UAL and United. From May 2017 to March 2019, he served as Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and General Counsel of UAL and United. From February 2012 to May 2017, he served as Executive Vice President and General Counsel of UAL and United. Mr. Hart served as acting Chief Executive Officer and principal executive officer of the Company, on an interim basis, from October 2015 to March 2016. From December 2010 to February 2012, he served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of UAL, United and Continental. From June 2009 to December 2010, Mr. Hart served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary at Sara Lee Corporation, a consumer food and beverage company. From March 2005 to May 2009, Mr. Hart served as Deputy General Counsel and Chief Global Compliance Officer of Sara Lee Corporation. 
 Gregory L. Hart . Mr. Hart has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Growth Officer of UAL and United since May 2022. From January 2022 to May 2022, he served as Executive Vice President United Next of UAL and United. From June 2020 to January 2022, he served as Executive Vice President, Strategy and Planning of UAL and United. From February 2014 to May 2020, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer of UAL and United. From December 2013 to February 2014, he served as Senior Vice President Operations of UAL and United. From October 2012 to December 2013, he served as Senior Vice President Technical Operations of United. From October 2010 to September 2012, he served as Senior Vice President Network of United and Continental. From September 2008 to September 2010, he served as Vice President Network of Continental. Mr. Hart joined Continental in 1997. 
 Linda P. Jojo. Ms. Jojo has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Customer Officer of UAL and United since July 2022. From June 2017 to July 2022, she served as Executive Vice President Technology and Chief Digital Officer of UAL and United. From November 2014 to June 2017, she served as Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer of UAL and United. From July 2011 to October 2014, she served as Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer of Rogers Communications, Inc., a Canadian communications and media company. From October 2008 to June 2011, she served as Chief Information Officer of Energy Future Holdings, a Dallas-based privately held energy company and electrical utility provider. 
 J. Scott Kirby. Mr. Kirby has served as Chief Executive Officer of UAL and United since May 2020. Mr. Kirby served as President of UAL and United from August 2016 to May 2020. Prior to joining the Company, from December 2013 to August 2016, Mr. Kirby served as President of American Airlines Group and American Airlines, Inc. Mr. Kirby also previously served as President of US Airways from October 2006 to December 2013. Mr. Kirby held significant other leadership roles at US Airways and at America West prior to the 2005 merger of those carriers, including Executive Vice President Sales and Marketing (2001 to 2006); Senior Vice President, e-business (2000 to 2001); Vice President, Revenue Management (1998 to 2000); Vice President, Planning (1997 to 1998); and Senior Director, Scheduling and Planning (1995 to 1998). Prior to joining America West, Mr. Kirby worked for American Airlines Decision Technologies and at the Pentagon. 
 Gerald Laderman. Mr. Laderman has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of UAL and United since August 2018. Mr. Laderman served as Senior Vice President Finance, Procurement and Treasurer for UAL and United from 2013 to August 2015, and again from August 2016 to May 2018. Mr. Laderman additionally was acting Chief Financial Officer from August 2015 to August 2016 and from May 2018 to August 2018. Mr. Laderman served as Senior Vice President Finance and Treasurer for the Company from 2010 to 2013. From 2001 to 2010, Mr. Laderman served as Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer for Continental. Mr. Laderman joined Continental in 1988 as senior director legal affairs, finance and aircraft programs. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Andrew Nocella. Mr. Nocella has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer of UAL and United since September 2017. From February 2017 to September 2017, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Revenue Officer of UAL and United. Prior to joining the Company, from August 2016 to February 2017, Mr. Nocella served as Senior Vice President, Alliances and Sales of American Airlines, Inc. From December 2013 to August 2016, he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer of American Airlines, Inc. From August 2007 to December 2013, he served as Senior Vice President, Marketing and Planning of US Airways. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 
 Any of the risks and uncertainties described below could significantly and negatively affect our business operations, financial condition, operating results (including components of our financial results), cash flows, prospects, reputation or credit ratings, which could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline significantly. Additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to us, or risks that we currently consider immaterial, could also impair our business operations, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, prospects, reputation or credit ratings. 
 Strategic and Business Development Risks 
 We may not be successful in executing elements of our strategic operating plan, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial results and market capitalization. 
 In June 2021, the Company announced its United Next plan, including initial firm orders of 270 aircraft, retrofitting plans and plans to increase mainline daily departures and available seats across the Company's North American network. In developing our United Next plan, we made certain assumptions including, but not limited to, those related to the duration and scope of the impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic, customer demand (in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, inflation and changing economic conditions), fuel costs, delivery of aircraft, labor market constraints and related costs, supply chain constraints, inflationary pressures, voluntary or mandatory groundings of aircraft, our regional network, competition, market consolidation and other macroeconomic and geopolitical factors. Actual conditions may be different from our assumptions and could cause the Company to adjust its strategic operating plan. In addition, we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to successfully execute our strategic plan, our strategic plan will not result in additional unanticipated costs, the growth that we anticipate will occur through execution of our strategic plan will not exacerbate any other risk described in this Form 10-K (especially relating to fuel costs, the impact of inflationary pressures, our supply chain or our ability to attract, train and retain talent), our suppliers will timely provide adequate products or support for our products (including delivery of aircraft) or our strategic plan will result in improvements in future financial performance. If we do not successfully execute our United Next or other strategic plans, or if actual results vary significantly from our expectations, our business, operating results, financial condition and market capitalization could be materially and adversely impacted. The failure to successfully structure our business to meet market conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Changes in the Company's network strategy over time or other factors outside of the Company's control may make aircraft on order less economic for the Company, result in costs related to modification or termination of aircraft orders or cause the Company to enter into orders for new aircraft on less favorable terms, and any inability to accept or integrate new aircraft into the Company's fleet as planned could increase costs or affect the Company's flight schedules. 
 The Company's orders for new aircraft are typically made years in advance of actual delivery of such aircraft, and the financial commitment required for purchases of new aircraft is substantial. As a result of our network strategy changing or our demand expectations not being realized, our preference for the aircraft that we previously ordered may decrease; however, the Company may be responsible for material liabilities to its counterparties if it were to attempt to modify or terminate any of its existing aircraft order commitments and our financial condition could be adversely impacted. These risks are heightened as a result of the Company's United Next orders in the second quarter of 2021 and the fourth quarter of 2022. Additionally, the Company may have a need for additional aircraft that are not available under its existing orders and may seek to acquire aircraft from other sources, such as through lease arrangements, which may result in higher costs or less favorable terms, or through the purchase or lease of used aircraft. The Company may not be able to acquire such aircraft when needed on favorable terms or at all. 
 Furthermore, if, for any reason, the Company is unable or does not want to accept deliveries of new aircraft or integrate such new aircraft into its fleet as planned, the Company may face higher financing and operating costs than planned or litigation risks, or be required to seek extensions of the terms for certain leased aircraft or otherwise delay the exit of other aircraft from its fleet. Unanticipated extensions or delays may require the Company to operate existing aircraft beyond the point at which it is economically optimal to retire them, resulting in increased maintenance costs, or reductions to the Company's schedule, thereby reducing revenues. 
 The imposition of new tariffs, or any increase in existing tariffs, on the importation of commercial aircraft that the Company orders may also result in higher costs. 
 Failure to effectively manage acquisitions, divestitures, investments, joint ventures and other portfolio actions could adversely impact our operating results. In addition, any businesses or assets that we acquire in the future increase our exposure to unknown liabilities or other issues and also may underperform as compared to expectations. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Although we are committed to reducing our debt over the long term, an important part of the Company's strategy to expand its global network has included making significant investments, both domestically and in other parts of the world, including in other airlines and other aviation industry participants, producers of SAF and manufacturers of electric and other new generation aircraft. The Company plans to continue to make additional investments through its corporate venture capital arm, UAV. However, increased competition in forming and maintaining relationships with other airlines (since there are a limited number of potential arrangements and other airlines and industry participants seek to enter into similar relationships) may make it difficult for the Company to complete strategic investments on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
 These investments are inherently risky and may not be successful. Future revenues, profits and cash flows of these and future investments and repayment of invested or loaned funds may not materialize due to safety concerns, regulatory issues, supply chain constraints or other factors beyond our control. Where we acquire debt or equity securities as all or part of the consideration for business development activities, such as in connection with a joint venture, the value of those securities will fluctuate and may depreciate in value. We may not control the companies in which we make investments, and as a result, we will have limited ability to determine their management, operational decisions, internal controls and compliance and other policies, which can result in additional financial and reputational risks. Further, acquisitions and investments create exposure to assumed litigation and unknown liabilities, as well as undetected internal control, regulatory compliance or other issues, or additional costs not anticipated at the time the transaction was completed, and our due diligence efforts may not identify such liabilities or issues, or they may not be disclosed to us. 
 From time to time we also divest assets. We may not be successful in separating any such assets, and losses on the divestiture of, or lost operating income from, such assets may adversely affect our earnings. Any divestitures also may result in continued financial exposure to the divested businesses following the transaction, such as through guarantees or other financial arrangements or potential litigation. 
 In addition, we may incur asset impairment charges related to acquisitions, divestitures, investments or joint ventures that reduce our earnings. For example, in 2020, United recorded a full credit loss allowance against the 515 million carrying value of the Term Loan Agreement with, among others, BRW Aviation Holding LLC and BRW Aviation LLC ("BRW"), as guarantor and borrower, respectively, and the related receivable. Moreover, new or revised accounting standards, rules and interpretations could result in changes to the recognition of income and expense that may materially and adversely affect our financial results. 
 If the execution or implementation of acquisitions, divestitures, investments, joint ventures and other portfolio actions is not successful, it could adversely impact our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. In addition, due to the Company's substantial amount of debt, there are certain limitations on the Company's business development capacity. Further, pursuing these opportunities may require us to obtain additional equity or debt financing and could result in increased leverage and/or a downgrade of our credit ratings. 
 Business, Operational and Industry Risks 
 The COVID-19 pandemic, and related governmental regulations and restrictions, has materially and adversely impacted our business, operating results, financial condition and liquidity. The full extent of the impact will depend on future developments, among other things. If the impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic extend beyond our assumed timelines, our actual results may vary significantly from our expectations. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic prompted governments and businesses to take unprecedented measures in response that have included international and domestic travel restrictions or advisories, restrictions on business operations, limitations on public gatherings, social distancing recommendations, temporary closures of businesses, remote work arrangements, closures of tourist destinations and attractions as well as quarantine and shelter-in-place orders. As a result, we experienced a precipitous decline in passenger demand and bookings for both business and leisure travel, which had an adverse impact that was material to the Company's business, operating results, financial condition and liquidity and materially disrupted our strategic operating plans. In 2022, the Company saw increasing demand for travel both domestically and internationally; however, as the situation surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic remains fluid, the pandemic has continued to negatively impact travel demand. It remains difficult to reasonably predict the full extent of the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company's longer-term operational and financial performance, which will depend on a number of future developments, many of which are outside the Company's control, such as the ultimate duration of and factors impacting the recovery from the pandemic (including the efficacy and speed of vaccination programs in curbing the spread of the virus in different markets, the efficacy and availability of various treatment options, the introduction and spread of new variants of the virus that may be resistant to currently approved vaccines or treatment options and the continuation of existing or implementation of new government travel restrictions), the volatility of aircraft fuel prices, customer behavior and preference changes and whether such changes are temporary or permanent, and fluctuations in demand for air travel, among others. The COVID-19 pandemic, the measures taken in response 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 and related macroeconomic effects may continue to impact many aspects of our business, operating results, financial condition and liquidity in a number of ways, including labor market constraints and related costs (which impact available staffing and therefore the Company's flight schedules and reputation), facility closures and related costs, disruptions to the Company's and its business partners' operations, reduced travel demand and consumer spending, increased fuel and other operating costs (including due to rising inflationary pressures), supply chain constraints, logistics constraints, volatility in the price of our securities, our ability to access capital markets and volatility in the global economy and financial markets generally. If the negative impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic extend beyond our assumed timelines, our actual results may vary significantly from our expectations. 
 Our level of indebtedness has increased as we managed through the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and positioned the Company for recovery. As a result of the Company's various financing activities in response to the pandemic, the Company is subjected to more substantial risk of default, cross-default and cross-acceleration in the event of breach of its covenants under such financings. For example, under certain of the Company's credit card processing agreements with financial institutions, the financial institutions in certain circumstances have the right to require that the Company maintain certain cash or other collateral reserves related to advance ticket sales. 
 It is possible that COVID-19 could exacerbate any of the other risks described in this Form 10-K as well. At this time, we cannot predict the full extent of the negative impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our business, operating results, financial condition, and liquidity. 
 The Company could experience adverse publicity, harm to its brand, reduced travel demand, potential tort liability and operational restrictions as a result of an accident, catastrophe or incident involving its aircraft or its operations or the aircraft or operations of another airline, which may result in a material adverse effect on the Company's business, operating results or financial condition. 
 An accident, catastrophe or incident involving an aircraft that the Company operates, or an aircraft or aircraft type that is operated by another airline, or an incident involving the Company's operations, or the operations of another airline, could have a material adverse effect on the Company if such accident, catastrophe or incident created a public perception that the Company's operations, or the operations of its codeshare partners or regional carriers, are not safe or reliable, or are less safe or reliable than other airlines. Further, any such accident, catastrophe or incident involving the Company, its regional carriers or its codeshare partners could expose the Company to significant liability. Although the Company currently maintains liability insurance in amounts and of the type the Company believes to be consistent with industry practice to cover damages arising from any such accident, catastrophe or incident, and the Company's codeshare partners and regional carriers carry similar insurance and generally indemnify the Company for their operations, if the Company's liability exceeds the applicable policy limits or the ability of another carrier to indemnify it, the Company could incur substantial losses from an accident, catastrophe or incident, which may result in a material adverse effect on the Company's business, operating results or financial condition. In addition, any such accident, catastrophe or incident involving the Company, its regional carriers or its codeshare partners could result in operational restrictions on the Company, including voluntary or mandatory groundings of aircraft. Voluntary or involuntary groundings have also impacted, and could in the future impact, the Company's financial results and operations in numerous ways, including reduced revenue, redistributions of other aircraft and deferrals of capital expenditure and other spending. For example, in February 2021, the FAA issued an Emergency Airworthiness Directive regarding certain Boeing 777 Pratt Whitney powered aircraft, which required the Company to keep more than 50 aircraft out of service until required repairs were made to improve the safety of the engines. A prolonged period of time operating a reduced fleet in these circumstances could result in a material adverse effect on the Company's business, operating results or financial condition. 
 The global airline industry is highly competitive and susceptible to price discounting and changes in capacity, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 The airline industry is highly competitive, marked by significant competition with respect to routes, fares, schedules (both timing and frequency), services, products, customer service and frequent flyer programs. Consolidation in the airline industry, the rise of well-funded government sponsored international carriers, changes in international alliances, swaps of landing and slots and the creation of immunized JBAs have altered and are expected to continue to alter the competitive landscape in the industry, resulting in the formation of airlines and alliances with increased financial resources, more extensive global networks and services and competitive cost structures. Open Skies agreements, including the longstanding agreements between the United States and each of the EU, Canada, Japan, Korea, New Zealand, Australia, Colombia and Panama, as well as the more recent agreements between the United States and each of Mexico, Brazil and the UK, may also give rise to better integration opportunities among international carriers. Movement of airlines between current global airline alliances could reduce joint network coverage for members of such alliances while also creating opportunities for JBAs and bilateral alliances that did not exist before such realignment. Further airline and airline alliance consolidations or reorganizations could occur in the future, and other airlines participating in such activities may significantly improve their cost structures or revenue generation 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 capabilities, thereby potentially making them stronger competitors of the Company and impairing the Company's ability to realize expected benefits from its own strategic relationships. 
 Airlines also compete by increasing or decreasing their capacity, including route systems and the number of destinations served. Several of the Company's domestic and international competitors have increased their international capacity by including service to some destinations that the Company currently serves, causing overlap in destinations served and, therefore, increasing competition for those destinations. This increased competition in both domestic and international markets may have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, operating results and financial condition. 
 The Company's U.S. operations are subject to competition from traditional network carriers, national point-to-point carriers and discount carriers, including low-cost carriers and ultra-low-cost carriers that may have lower costs and provide service at lower fares to destinations also served by the Company. The significant presence of low-cost carriers and ultra-low-cost carriers, which engage in substantial price discounting, may diminish our ability to achieve sustained profitability on domestic and international routes and has also caused us to reduce fares for certain routes, resulting in lower yields on many domestic markets. Our ability to compete in the domestic market effectively depends, in part, on our ability to maintain a competitive cost structure. If we cannot maintain our costs at a competitive level, then our business, operating results and financial condition could continue to be materially and adversely affected. In addition, our competitors have established new routes and destinations, including some at our hub airports, in light of the expansion opportunities presented by the COVID-19 pandemic, which may compete with our existing routes and destinations and expansion plans. 
 Our international operations are subject to competition from both foreign and domestic carriers. For instance, competition is significant from government-subsidized competitors from certain Middle East countries. These carriers have large numbers of international widebody aircraft on order and are increasing service to the U.S. from their hubs in the Middle East. The government support provided to these carriers has allowed them to grow quickly, reinvest in their product, invest in other airlines and expand their global presence. We also face competition from foreign carriers operating under "fifth freedom" rights permitted under international treaties that allow certain carriers to provide service to and from stopover points between their home countries and ultimate destinations, including points in the United States, in competition with service provided by us. 
 Through alliance and other marketing and codesharing agreements with foreign carriers, U.S. carriers have increased their ability to sell international transportation, such as services to and beyond traditional global gateway cities. Similarly, foreign carriers have obtained increased access to interior U.S. passenger traffic beyond traditional U.S. gateway cities through these relationships. In addition, several JBAs among U.S. and foreign carriers have received grants of antitrust immunity allowing the participating carriers to coordinate schedules, pricing, sales and inventory. If we are not able to continue participating in these types of alliance and other marketing and codesharing agreements in the future, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our MileagePlus frequent flyer program benefits from the attractiveness and competitiveness of United Airlines as a material purchaser of award miles and the majority recipient for mileage redemption. If we are not able to maintain a competitive and attractive airline business, our ability to acquire, engage and retain customers in the loyalty program may be adversely affected, which could adversely affect the loyalty program's and our operating results and financial condition. 
 Further, our MileagePlus frequent flyer program also faces significant and increasing direct competition from the frequent flyer programs offered by other airlines, as well as from similar loyalty programs offered by banks and other financial services companies. Competition among loyalty programs is intense regarding customer acquisition incentives, the value and utility of program currency, rewards range and value, fees, required usage, and other terms and conditions of these programs. If we are not able to maintain a competitive frequent flyer program, our ability to attract and retain customers to MileagePlus and United alike may be adversely affected, which could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 Substantially all of the Company's aircraft, engines and certain parts are sourced from a limited number of suppliers; therefore, the Company would be materially and adversely affected if it were unable to obtain timely deliveries, additional equipment or support from any of these suppliers. 
 The Company currently sources substantially all of its aircraft and many related aircraft parts from The Boeing Company ("Boeing") or Airbus S.A.S. ("Airbus"). In addition, our aircraft suppliers are dependent on other suppliers for certain other aircraft parts. Therefore, if the Company is unable to acquire additional aircraft at acceptable prices from Boeing or Airbus, or if Boeing or Airbus fails to make timely deliveries of aircraft (whether as a result of any failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval or certification for new model aircraft, such as the 737 MAX 10 aircraft, which has not yet been certified, or manufacturing delays or otherwise) or to provide adequate support for its products, including with respect to the aircraft subject to firm orders under our United Next plan, the Company's operations could be materially and adversely affected. The Company is also dependent on a limited number of suppliers for engines and certain other aircraft parts and could, therefore, also be materially and adversely affected in the event of the unavailability or increased cost of these engines and other aircraft parts. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Many of our suppliers are experiencing inflationary pressures, as well as disruptions due to the lingering impacts of COVID-19, global supply chain and labor market constraints and related costs. If one or more of our suppliers, our contractors or their subcontractors continue to experience financial difficulties, delivery delays or other performance problems, they may be unable to meet their commitments to us and our financial position, results of operations and cash flows may continue to be adversely impacted. 
 Disruptions to our regional network and United Express flights provided by third-party regional carriers could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 While the Company has contractual relationships that are material to its business with various regional carriers to provide regional aircraft service branded as United Express that include contractually agreed performance metrics, each regional carrier is a separately certificated commercial air carrier, and the Company does not control the operations of these carriers. A number of factors may impact the Company's regional network, including weather-related effects, seasonality, equipment or software failures and cybersecurity attacks and any significant declines in demand for air travel services, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 In addition, the decrease in qualified pilots driven primarily by changes to federal regulations has adversely impacted and could continue to adversely impact the Company's regional flying. For example, the FAA's expansion of minimum pilot qualification standards, including a requirement that a pilot have at least 1,500 total flight hours, as well as the FAA's revised pilot flight and duty time requirements under Part 117 of the Federal Aviation Regulations, have contributed to a smaller supply of pilots available to regional carriers. The decrease in qualified pilots resulting from the regulations as well as other factors, including a decreased student pilot population and a shrinking U.S. military from which to hire qualified pilots, has led to increased competition from large, mainline carriers attempting to meet their hiring needs and has adversely impacted our regional carriers. United Express regional carriers have been unable to hire adequate numbers of pilots to meet their needs, resulting in a reduction in the number of flights offered, disruptions in scheduled flights, increased costs of operations, financial difficulties and other adverse effects and these circumstances may become more severe in the future and could cause a material adverse effect on our business. In response, the Company has been and may in the future be required to provide additional financial compensation and other support to its regional carriers or reduce its regional carrier flying, which could require the Company to fly routes at a greater cost, reduce the number of destinations the Company is able to serve or lead to negative public perceptions of the Company. 
 Disruptions to our regional networks as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, pilot shortage or other factors could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Unfavorable economic and political conditions, in the United States and globally, may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 The Company's business and operating results are significantly impacted by U.S. and global economic and political conditions. The airline industry is highly cyclical, and the level of demand for air travel is correlated to the strength of the U.S. and global economies. Robust demand for air transportation depends largely on favorable economic conditions, including the strength of the domestic and foreign economies, low unemployment levels, strong consumer confidence levels and the availability of consumer and business credit. Air transportation is often a discretionary purchase that leisure travelers may limit or eliminate during difficult economic times. Short-haul travelers, in particular, have the option to replace air travel with surface travel. In addition, during periods of unfavorable economic conditions, business travelers historically have reduced the volume of their travel, either due to cost-saving initiatives, the replacement of travel with alternatives such as videoconferencing or as a result of decreased business activity requiring travel. In addition, an increase in price levels generally or in price levels in a particular sector (such as current rising inflationary pressures related to domestic and global supply chain constraints, which have led to both overall price increases and pronounced price increases in certain sectors) could result in a shift in consumer demand away from both leisure and business travel. Reduced or flat consumer spending may drive us and our competitors to reduce or offer promotional prices, which would negatively impact our gross margin. In addition, if inflation continues to rise, we may not be able to adjust prices sufficiently to offset the effect without further negatively impacting travel demand or our gross margin. Any of the foregoing would adversely affect the Company's business and operating results. Significant declines in industry passenger demand, particularly with respect to the Company's business and premium cabin travelers and a reduction in fare levels, could lead to a material reduction in revenue, changes to the Company's operations and deferrals of capital expenditure and other spending. Additionally, any deterioration in global trade relations, such as increased tariffs or other trade barriers, could result in a decrease in the demand for international air travel. 
 The Company's business relies extensively on third-party service providers, including certain technology providers. Failure of these parties to perform as expected, or interruptions in the Company's relationships with these providers or their 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 provision of services to the Company, could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, operating results and financial condition. 
 The Company has engaged third-party service providers to perform a large number of functions that are integral to its business, including regional operations, operation of customer service call centers, distribution and sale of airline seat inventory, provision of information technology infrastructure and services, transmitting or uploading of data, provision of aircraft maintenance and repairs, provision of various utilities and performance of airport ground services, aircraft fueling operations and catering services, among other vital functions and services. Although generally the Company enters into agreements that define expected service performance and compliance requirements, there can be no assurance that our third-party service providers will adhere to these requirements. Accordingly, any of these third-party service providers may materially fail to meet its service performance commitments to the Company or may suffer disruptions to its systems that could impact its services. For example, failures in certain third-party technology or communications systems may cause flight delays or cancellations. The failure of any of the Company's third-party service providers to perform their service obligations adequately, or other interruptions of services, may reduce the Company's revenues and increase its expenses, prevent the Company from operating its flights and providing other services to its customers or result in adverse publicity or harm to our brand. We may also be subject to consequences from any illegal conduct of our third-party service providers, including for their failure to comply with anti-corruption laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. In addition, the Company's business and financial performance could be materially harmed if its customers believe that its services are unreliable or unsatisfactory. 
 The Company may also have disagreements with such providers or such contracts may be terminated or may not be extended or renewed. For example, the number of flight reservations booked through third-party GDSs or OTAs may be adversely affected by disruptions in the business relationships between the Company and these suppliers. Such disruptions, including a failure to agree upon acceptable contract terms when contracts expire or otherwise become subject to renegotiation, may cause the Company's flight information to be limited or unavailable for display by the affected GDS or OTA operator, significantly increase fees for both the Company and GDS/OTA users and impair the Company's relationships with its customers and travel agencies. Any such disruptions or contract terminations may adversely impact our operations and financial results. 
 If we are not able to negotiate or renew agreements with third-party service providers, or if we renew existing agreements on less favorable terms, our operations and financial results may be adversely affected. 
 Extended interruptions or disruptions in service at major airports where we operate could have a material adverse impact on our operations, including our ability to operate our existing flight schedule and to expand or change our route network in the future, and space, facility and infrastructure constraints at our hubs or other airports may prevent the Company from maintaining existing service and/or implementing new service in a commercially viable manner. 
 The airline industry is heavily dependent on business models that concentrate operations in major airports in the United States and throughout the world. For example, we have a significant portion of our maintenance operations at our SFO airport hub and any disruption or interruption at our SFO hub could have a serious impact on our overall operations. An extended interruption or disruption at one of our hubs or other airports where we have a significant presence resulting from ATC delays, weather conditions, natural disasters, growth constraints, relations with third-party service providers, failure of computer systems, disruptions to government agencies or personnel (including as a result of government shutdowns), disruptions at airport facilities or other key facilities used by us to manage our operations, labor relations and market constraints, power supplies, fuel supplies, terrorist activities, international hostilities or otherwise could result in the cancellation or delay of a significant portion of our flights and, as a result, could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. We have minimal control over the operation, quality or maintenance of these services or whether vendors will improve or continue to provide services that are essential to our business. For example, because we prioritize operational excellence and continually work to optimize our route network and schedule, in light of the industry-wide operational challenges at airports in our network that have limited our system-wide capacity (one of the more prominent being the grounding of a number of the Company's transatlantic flights in response to the capacity cut by London Heathrow airport during the summer of 2022), in 2022 we decided to reconfigure our proposed flight schedule and capacity to help improve our operational performance and our customers' experience. These industry-wide operational challenges had a negative impact on our business and operating results and are expected to continue. In the future, we may not be able to adjust our operations to mitigate their effect in the future, which may have a negative impact on our business, operating results, financial condition and liquidity and limit our ability to expand or change our route network in the future and execute our United Next strategy. 
 In addition, as airports around the world become more congested, space, facility and infrastructure constraints at our hubs or other airports may prevent the Company from maintaining existing service and/or implementing new service in a commercially viable manner because of a number of factors, including capital improvements at such airports being imposed by the relevant airport authority without the Company's approval. Capital spending projects of airport authorities currently underway and additional projects that we expect to commence over the next several years is expected to result in increased costs to airlines 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 and the traveling public that use those facilities as the airports seek to recover their investments through increased rental, landing and other facility costs. These actions have caused and may continue to cause the Company to experience increased space rental rates at various airports in its network, including a number of our hubs and gateways, and increased operating costs. Furthermore, the Company is not able to control decisions by other airlines to reduce their capacity, causing certain fixed airport costs to be allocated among fewer total flights and resulting in increased landing fees and other costs for the Company. Although we currently have sufficient slots or analogous authorizations to operate our existing flights and we have generally, but not always, been able to obtain the rights to expand our operations and to change our schedules. 
 Geopolitical conflict, terrorist attacks or security events may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 As a global business with operations outside of the United States from which it derives significant operating revenues, volatile conditions in certain international regions may have a negative impact on the Company's operating results and its ability to achieve its business objectives. The Company's international operations are a vital part of its worldwide airline network. Political disruptions and instability in certain regions have negatively impacted the demand and network availability for air travel, as well as fuel prices, and may continue to have a negative impact on these and other items. Terrorist attacks or international hostilities, even if not made on or targeted directly at the airline industry, or the fear of or the precautions taken in anticipation of such attacks (including elevated national threat warnings, travel restrictions, selective cancellation or redirection of flights and new security regulations) could materially and adversely affect the Company and the airline industry. The Company's financial resources and insurance coverage may not be sufficient to absorb the adverse effects of any future terrorist attacks, international hostilities or other security events, which could have a material adverse impact on the Company's financial condition, liquidity and operating results. In addition, due to threats against the aviation industry, the Company has incurred, and may continue to incur, significant expenditures to comply with security-related requirements to mitigate threats and protect the safety of our employees and customers. 
 Any damage to our reputation or brand image could adversely affect our business or financial results. 
 We operate in a public-facing industry and maintaining a good reputation is critical to our business. The Company's reputation or brand image could be adversely impacted by any failure to maintain satisfactory practices for all of our operations and activities; any failure to achieve and/or make progress toward our environmental, safety, diversity, equity and inclusion or other social and governance ("ESG") goals, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that are outside of our control; our stakeholders not being satisfied with our ESG goals or strategy or efforts to meet the goals; public pressure from investors or policy groups to change our policies; customer perceptions of our advertising campaigns, sponsorship arrangements or marketing programs, including greenwashing concerns regarding our advertising campaigns and marketing programs related to our sustainability initiatives; or customer perceptions of statements made by us, our employees and executives, agents or other third parties. Damage to our reputation or brand image or loss of customer confidence in our services could adversely affect our business and financial results, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation. 
 Regulators, customers, investors, employees and other stakeholders are focusing more on ESG impacts of operations and related disclosures, which are subject to rules, regulations and standards for collecting, measuring and reporting that are still developing, involve internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, depend in part on third-party performance or data that is outside the Company's control and have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and increased management time and attention spent complying with or meeting such expectations, rules, regulations and standards. The ongoing relevance of our brand may depend on our ability to achieve our ESG goals, further our ESG initiatives and comply with related federal, state and international binding or non-binding legislation, regulation, standards and accords as well as on the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of our disclosures relating to our ESG goals and initiatives and progress against those goals. 
 Information Technology, Cybersecurity and Data Privacy Risks 
 The Company relies heavily on technology and automated systems to operate its business and any significant failure or disruption of, or failure to effectively integrate and implement, these technologies or systems could materially harm its business. 
 The Company depends on technology and automated systems to operate its business, including, but not limited to, computerized airline reservation systems, electronic tickets, electronic airport kiosks, demand prediction software, flight operations systems, in-flight wireless internet, cloud-based technologies, technical and business operations systems and commercial websites and applications, including www.united.com and the United Airlines mobile app. These systems could suffer substantial or repeated disruptions due to various events, some of which are beyond the Company's control (including natural disasters (which may occur more frequently or intensely as a result of the impacts of climate change), power failures, terrorist attacks, dependencies on third-party technology services, equipment or software failures, cybersecurity attacks or other 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 security breaches and the deployment by certain wireless carriers of "5G" service networks), which could reduce the attractiveness of the Company's services versus those of our competitors, materially impair our ability to market our services and operate our flights, result in the unauthorized release of confidential or sensitive information, or information that should be protected from inadvertent disclosures, negatively impact our reputation among our customers and the public, subject us to liability to third parties, regulatory action or contract termination and result in other increased costs, lost revenue and the loss of, or compromise to the integrity, availability or confidentiality of, important data. As a result, substantial or repeated systems failures or disruptions may adversely affect the Company's business, operating results and financial condition. We have cybersecurity frameworks, resiliency initiatives and disaster recovery plans in place to prevent and mitigate disruptions, and we continue to invest in improvements to these initiatives and plans. We also maintain property and business interruption insurance. However, these measures may not be adequate to prevent or mitigate disruptions or provide coverage for all of the Company's associated costs, some of which may be unforeseeable. 
 The Company may also face challenges in implementing, integrating and modifying the automated systems and technology required to operate its business, which may require significant expenditures, human resources, the development of effective internal controls and the transformation of business and financial processes. If the Company is unable to timely or effectively implement, integrate or modify its systems and technology, the Company's operations could be adversely affected . 
 Increasing privacy and data security obligations or a significant data breach may adversely affect the Company's business. 
 In our regular business operations, we collect, process, store and transmit to commercial partners sensitive data, including personal information of our customers and employees such as payment processing information and information of our business partners, to provide our services and operate our business. 
 The Company must manage increasing legislative, regulatory and consumer focus on privacy issues, data security and cybersecurity risk management in a variety of jurisdictions across the globe. For example, the EU's General Data Protection Regulation imposes significant privacy and data security requirements, as well as potential for substantial penalties for non-compliance that have resulted in substantial adverse financial consequences to non-compliant companies. Depending on the regulatory interpretation and enforcement of emerging data protection regulations and industry standards, the Company's business operations could be impacted, up to and including being unable to operate, within certain jurisdictions. Also, some of the Company's commercial partners, such as credit card companies, have imposed data security standards that the Company must meet. The Company will continue its efforts to meet its privacy, data security and cybersecurity risk management obligations; however, it is possible that certain new obligations or customer expectations may be difficult to meet and could require changes in the Company's operating processes and increase the Company's costs. 
 Additionally, the Company must manage the increasing threat of continually evolving cybersecurity risks. Our network, systems and storage applications, and those systems and applications maintained by our third-party commercial partners (such as cloud computing companies, credit card companies, regional airline carriers and international airline partners) may be subject to attempts to gain unauthorized access, breach, malfeasance or other system disruptions, including those involving criminal hackers, denial of service attacks, hacktivists, state-sponsored actors, corporate espionage, employee malfeasance and human or technological error. In some cases, it is difficult to anticipate or to detect immediately such incidents and the damage caused thereby. In addition, as attacks by cybercriminals become more sophisticated, frequent and intense, the costs of proactive defense measures have increased and may continue to increase. In addition, several large organizations recently have been affected by "ransomware" attacks, and these highly publicized events may embolden individuals or groups to target our systems or third-party systems on which we rely. Furthermore, the Company's remote work arrangements may make it more vulnerable to targeted activity from cybercriminals and significantly increase the risk of cyberattacks or other security breaches. While we continually work to safeguard our network, systems and applications, including through risk assessments, system monitoring, cybersecurity and data protection policies, processes and technologies and employee awareness and training, and seek to require third-parties adhere to security standards, there is no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to prevent cybersecurity incidents or data breaches or the damages that result therefrom. 
 Any such cybersecurity incident or data breach could result in significant costs, including monetary damages, operational impacts, including service interruptions and delays, and reputational harm. Furthermore, the loss, disclosure, misappropriation of or access to sensitive Company information, customers', employees' or business partners' information or the Company's failure to meet its privacy obligations could result in legal claims or proceedings, penalties and remediation costs. A significant data breach or the Company's failure to meet its obligations may adversely affect the Company's operations, reputation, relationships with our business partners, business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Increased use of social media platforms present risks and challenges. 
 We are increasing our use of social media to communicate Company news and events. The inappropriate and/or unauthorized use of certain media vehicles could cause brand damage or information leakage or could lead to legal implications, including 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 from the improper collection and/or dissemination of personally identifiable information from employees, customers or other stakeholders. In addition, negative or inaccurate posts or comments about us on any social networking website could damage our reputation, brand image and goodwill. Further, the disclosure of non-public Company-sensitive information by our workforce or others, whether intentional or unintentional, through external media channels could lead to information loss. 
 Human Capital Management Risks 
 Union disputes, employee strikes or slowdowns, and other labor-related disruptions or regulatory compliance costs could adversely affect the Company's operations and could result in increased costs that impair its financial performance. 
 United is a highly unionized company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company and its subsidiaries had approximately 92,800 employees, of whom approximately 84 were represented by various U.S. labor organizations (See Part I, Item 1. Business Human Capital Management and Resources, of this report for additional information on our represented employee groups and collective bargaining agreements). There is a risk that unions or individual employees might pursue judicial or arbitral claims arising out of changes implemented as a result of the Company entering into collective bargaining agreements with its represented employee groups. There is also a possibility that employees or unions could engage in job actions such as slowdowns, work-to-rule campaigns, sick-outs or other actions designed to disrupt the Company's normal operations, in an attempt to pressure the Company in collective bargaining negotiations. Although the Railway Labor Act makes such actions unlawful until the parties have been lawfully released to self-help, and the Company can seek injunctive relief against premature self-help, such actions can cause significant harm even if ultimately enjoined. Similarly, if the operations of our third-party regional carriers, ground handlers or other vendors are impacted by labor-related disruptions, our operations could be adversely affected. In addition, collective bargaining agreements with the Company's represented employee groups increase the Company's labor costs, and such costs could become material. Furthermore, there is increasing litigation in the airline industry over the application of state and local employment and labor laws to airline employees, particularly those based in California. Most recently, the U.S. Supreme Court denied review of a Ninth Circuit ruling which held that federal law did not preempt California state meal and rest break laws from applying to certain California based flight attendants. This decision adversely affects the Company's defenses with respect to certain employee groups in California, and it may give rise to additional litigation in these and other areas previously found to be preempted by federal law. The Company is a defendant in a number of proceedings regarding alleged non-compliance with wage and hour laws. Adverse decisions in these cases could adversely impact our operational flexibility, uniform application of our negotiated collective bargaining agreements, and result in imposition of damages and fines which could be significant. 
 If we are unable to attract, train or retain skilled personnel, including our senior management team or other key employees, our business could be adversely affected. 
 Much of our future success is largely dependent on our continued ability to attract, train and retain skilled personnel with industry experience and knowledge, including our senior management team and other key employees. Competition for qualified talent in the aviation industry is intense and labor market constraints have impacted our operations in 2022, which may continue during 2023. If we are unable to attract, train and retain talented, highly qualified employees or experience a shortage of skilled labor, the cost of hiring and retaining quality talent could materially increase and our operations could continue to be impacted, which could impair our ability to adjust capacity or otherwise execute our strategic operating plan. In addition, if we are unable to effectively provide for the succession of senior management or other key employees, our business, ability to execute our strategic operating plan or company culture may be adversely affected. 
 Regulatory, Tax, Litigation and Legal Compliance Risks 
 The airline industry is subject to extensive government regulation, which imposes significant costs and may adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Airlines are subject to extensive regulatory and legal oversight. Compliance with U.S. and international regulations imposes significant costs and may have adverse effects on the Company. 
 United provides air transportation under certificates of public convenience and necessity issued by the DOT. If the DOT modified, suspended or revoked these certificates, it could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business. The DOT also regulates consumer protection and, through its investigations or rulemaking authority (including, for example, any rulemakings or initiatives in response to the Executive Order on Promoting Competition in the American Economy issued by the President on July 9, 2021), could impose restrictions that materially impact the Company's business. United also operates pursuant to an air carrier operating certificate issued by the FAA, and FAA orders and directives have previously resulted in the temporary grounding of an entire aircraft type when the FAA identifies design, manufacturing, maintenance or other issues requiring immediate corrective action (including the FAA Emergency Airworthiness Directive grounding our Boeing 777 Pratt 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Whitney powered aircraft), which has had an effect that has been material to the Company's business, operating results and financial condition. 
 In 2018, the U.S. Congress approved a five-year reauthorization for the FAA, which encompasses a range of policy issues related to aviation tax, airline customer service and aviation safety. Depending on how the issues are implemented, our operations and costs could be materially impacted. Additionally, the U.S. Congress may consider legislation related to environmental issues relevant to the airline industry, such as implementation of CORSIA, or increases to the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate, as outlined in the proposed Build Back Better Act or otherwise, which could negatively impact the Company and the airline industry. 
 The Company's operations may also be adversely impacted due to the existing antiquated ATC system utilized by the U.S. government and regulated by the FAA, which may not be able to effectively handle projected future air traffic growth. The outdated ATC system has led to short-term capacity constraints imposed by government agencies and has resulted in delays and disruptions of air traffic during peak travel periods in certain markets due to its inability to handle demand and reduced resiliency in the event of a failure causing flight cancellations and delays. Failure to update the ATC system in a timely manner and the substantial funding requirements of a modernized ATC system that may be imposed on air carriers may have an adverse impact on the Company's financial condition or operating results. 
 Access to slots at several major U.S. airports and many foreign airports served by the Company is subject to government regulation on airspace management and competition that might limit the number of slots or change the rules on the use and transfer of slots. If slots are eliminated at one of our hubs or other airports, or if the number of hours of operation governed by slots is reduced at an airport, the lack of controls on take-offs and landings could result in greater congestion both at the affected airport and in the regional airspace and could significantly impact the Company's operations. Similarly, a government or regulatory agency, including DOT, could choose to impose slots at one of our hubs or other airports or grant increased access to another carrier and limit or reduce our operations at an airport, whether or not slot-controlled, which could have significant impact on our operations. The DOT (including FAA) may limit the Company's airport access by limiting the number of departure and arrival slots at congested airports, which could affect the Company's ownership and transfer rights, and local airport authorities may have the ability to control access to certain facilities or the cost to access their facilities, which could have an adverse effect on the Company's business. If the DOT were to take actions that adversely affect the Company's slot holdings, the Company could incur substantial costs to preserve its slots or may lose slots. 
 The Company currently operates a number of flights on international routes under government arrangements, regulations or policies that designate the number of carriers permitted to operate on such routes, the capacity of the carriers providing services on such routes, the airports at which carriers may operate international flights or the number of carriers allowed access to particular airports. Applicable arrangements between the United States and foreign governments (such as Open Skies) may be amended from time to time, government policies with respect to airport operations may be revised and the availability of appropriate slots or facilities may change, which could have a material adverse impact on the Company's financial condition and operating results and could result in the impairment of material amounts of related tangible and intangible assets. For instance, the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in increased regulatory burdens in the U.S. and around the globe, which include closure of international borders to flights and/or passengers from specific countries, passenger and crew quarantine requirements and other regulations promulgated to protect public health but that have had and may continue to have a negative impact on travel and airline operations. 
 In addition, disruptions to the Company's business could result from the deployment by certain wireless carriers of "5G" cellular networks, which, due to potential interference with aircraft systems, could cause flights to be cancelled or diverted, which in turn could affect consumer perceptions of the safety of air travel. Thus far, regulators have addressed potential "5G" interference on a temporary and piecemeal basis tailored to specific aircraft and airports and uncertainty over the nature, extent, timing and duration of limitations on aircraft operations as a result of "5G" deployment is anticipated to continue over the near term. Systematic regulation of "5G" cellular networks may not occur in the near term, or may not involve terms that are favorable to the Company. 
 In addition, competition from revenue-sharing JBAs and other alliance arrangements by and among other airlines could impair the value of the Company's business and assets on the Open Skies routes. The Company's plans to enter into or expand U.S. antitrust immunized alliances and JBAs on various international routes are subject to receipt of approvals from applicable U.S. federal authorities and other applicable foreign government clearances or satisfaction of other applicable regulatory requirements. There can be no assurance that such approvals and clearances will be granted or will continue in effect upon further regulatory review or that changes in regulatory requirements or standards can be satisfied. 
 See Part I, Item 1. Business Industry Regulation, of this report for additional information on government regulation impacting the Company. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Current or future litigation and regulatory actions, or failure to comply with the terms of any settlement, order or agreement relating to these actions, could have a material adverse impact on the Company. 
 From time to time, we are subject to litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings relating to our business or investigations or other actions by governmental agencies, including as described in Part I, Item 3. Legal Proceedings, of this report. In addition, the Company is subject to an increased risk of litigation and other proceedings as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and responsive measures. For example, the Company is involved in litigation relating to its vaccination requirements for employees. No assurances can be given that the results of these or new matters will be favorable to us. An adverse resolution of lawsuits, arbitrations, investigations or other proceedings or actions could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results, including as a result of non-monetary remedies, and could also result in adverse publicity. Defending ourselves in these matters may be time-consuming, expensive and disruptive to normal business operations and may result in significant expense and a diversion of management's time and attention from the operation of our business, which could impede our ability to achieve our business objectives. Additionally, any amount that we may be required to pay to satisfy a judgment, settlement, fine or penalty may not be covered by insurance. If we fail to comply with the terms contained in any settlement, order or agreement with a governmental authority relating to these matters, we could be subject to criminal or civil penalties, which could have a material adverse impact on the Company. Under our charter and certain indemnification agreements that we have entered into (and may in the future enter into) with our officers, directors and certain third parties, we could be required to indemnify and advance expenses to them in connection with their involvement in certain actions, suits, investigations and other proceedings. Any of these payments may be material. 
 We are subject to many forms of environmental regulation and liability and risks associated with climate change and may incur substantial costs as a result. In addition, failure to achieve or demonstrate progress towards our climate goals may expose us to liability and reputational harm. 
 Many aspects of the Company's operations are subject to increasingly stringent federal, state, local and international laws protecting the environment, including those relating to water discharges, safe drinking water and the use and management of hazardous materials and wastes. Compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations can require significant expenditures and operational changes and violations can lead to significant fines and penalties and reputational harm. In addition, from time to time we are identified as a responsible party for environmental investigation and remediation costs under applicable environmental laws due to the disposal of hazardous substances generated by our operations. We could also be subject to environmental liability claims from various parties, including airport authorities and other third parties, related to our operations at our owned or leased premises or the off-site disposal of waste generated at our facilities. 
 As discussed in Part I, Item 1. Business Environmental, Social and Governance Approach and Highlights Climate Strategy, the Company has made several commitments regarding its intended reduction of carbon emissions, including eliminating its GHG emissions by 100 by 2050 and by reducing its carbon intensity by 50 by 2035 compared to 2019. The Company has incurred, and expects to continue to incur, costs to achieve its goal of net zero carbon emissions, which will involve a transition to lower-carbon technologies (such as SAF), and to comply with environmental sustainability legislation and regulation and non-binding standards and accords. Such activity may require the Company to modify its supply chain practices, make capital investments to modify certain aspects of its operations or increase its operating costs (including fuel costs). The potential transition cost to a lower-carbon economy could be prohibitively expensive without appropriate government policies and incentives in place. The precise nature of future binding or non-binding legislation, regulation, standards and accords in this area of increased focus by global, national and regional regulators is difficult to predict and the financial impact to the Company would likely be significant if future legal standards do not align with the Company's plans to achieve its climate goals or if proposed U.S. legislation to accelerate the production of SAF development fails to be enacted into law. For instance, CORSIA-related costs cannot be fully predicted at this time, but the program is expected to increase operating costs for airlines that operate internationally. There is also a risk that the increased regulatory focus on airline GHG emissions could result in a patchwork of inconsistent or conflicting regional requirements that could unduly shift excessive cost burden to airlines and inhibit the development of carbon reduction technologies that the Company needs to reach its climate goals. The Company believes that strategic opportunities exist for it as a result of climate change and that the sustainability-related solutions being pursued to advance its climate goals will help mitigate several of these potential risks posed by the transition to a lower-carbon economy. 
 There can be no assurance of the extent to which any of our climate goals will be achieved or that any current or future investments that we make in furtherance of achieving our climate goals will produce the expected results or meet increasing stakeholder expectations. Moreover, future events could lead the Company to prioritize other nearer-term interests over progressing toward our current climate goals based on business strategy, economic, regulatory and social factors or pressure from investors, activist groups or other stakeholders. If we fail or are perceived to fail to meet or properly report on our progress toward achieving our climate change goals and commitments, we could face adverse publicity and reactions from other investors, activist groups, or other stakeholders, which could result in reputational harm or other adverse effects to the 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Company. In addition, the Company believes it is possible that, in the future, segments of the public may choose to fly less frequently as a result of negative perception of the environmental impact of air travel or fly on an airline based on carriers' GHG emissions or which carrier they perceive as operating in a manner that is more sustainable to the climate, which presents both a challenge and an opportunity for the Company and is why the Company is resolute in attaining its mid-term and long-term climate goals; if this trend materializes, the Company's results of operations could be adversely impacted and those impacts could be exacerbated if the Company fails to meet or properly report on its climate change goals and commitments. Moreover, the Company's primary effort with respect to one of its key pathways to achieving its climate goals is reducing its fossil jet fuel consumption by working with strategic partners to employ and commercialize the use of SAF, which is aligned with the sustainability commitments of the Company's corporate customers to mitigate their travel emissions in accordance with their respective climate goals. The Company has been able to increase its purchases of SAF in recent years due to its corporate customers' funding of the price premium for SAF through the Company's Eco-Skies Alliance, but the willingness of corporate customers to fund the price premium for SAF in the future could decrease, including based on economic factors or concerns regarding the validity of a book and claim approach for claiming the emissions reductions from SAF. 
 The Company may incur substantial costs and operational disruptions as a result of both its physical risks (such as extreme weather conditions or rising sea levels) and transition risks (such as regulatory or technological changes) associated with climate change. Climate change is expected to increase the frequency, severity, unpredictability and duration of severe weather events and other natural cycles and could affect travel demand as well as result in increases in delays and cancellations, turbulence-related injuries and fuel consumption to avoid such weather, any of which could result in a significant loss of revenue and higher costs. In addition, certain of our operations and facilities around the world are in locations that may be impacted by the physical impacts of climate change, increasing global chemical restrictions and bans and water and waste requirements and we could incur significant costs to improve the climate resiliency of our infrastructure and supply chain and otherwise prepare for, respond to, and mitigate the effects of climate change. We are not able to reasonably predict the future materiality of any potential losses or costs associated with the effects of climate change. 
 See Part I, Item 1. Business Industry Regulation Environmental Regulation, of this report for additional information on environmental regulation impacting the Company. 
 Market, Liquidity, Accounting and Financial Risks 
 High and/or volatile fuel prices or significant disruptions in the supply of aircraft fuel could have a material adverse impact on the Company's strategic plans, operating results, financial condition and liquidity. 
 Aircraft fuel is critical to the Company's operations and is one of our largest operating expenses. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company's fuel expense was approximately 13.1 billion. The timely and adequate supply of fuel to meet operational demand depends on the continued availability of reliable fuel supply sources as well as related service and delivery infrastructure. Although the Company has some ability to cover short-term fuel supply and infrastructure disruptions at some major demand locations, it depends significantly on the continued performance of its vendors and service providers to maintain supply integrity. Consequently, the Company can neither predict nor guarantee the continued timely availability of aircraft fuel throughout the Company's system. 
 Aircraft fuel has historically been the Company's most volatile operating expense due to the highly unpredictable nature of market prices for fuel. The Company generally sources fuel at prevailing market prices, which have historically fluctuated substantially in short periods of time and continue to be highly volatile due to a multitude of unpredictable factors beyond the Company's control, including changes in global crude oil prices, the balance between aircraft fuel supply and demand, natural disasters, prevailing inventory levels and fuel production and transportation infrastructure. Prices of fuel are also impacted by indirect factors, such as geopolitical events, economic growth indicators, fiscal/monetary policies, fuel tax policies, changes in regulations, environmental concerns and financial investments in energy markets. Both actual changes in these factors, as well as changes in related market expectations, can potentially drive rapid changes in fuel prices in short periods of time. Rising fuel prices can also lead to constraints on the Company's regional partners, reduced capital available for other spending or other outcomes that could adversely impact the Company. 
 Given the highly competitive nature of the airline industry, the Company historically had limited ability to, and may not be able to in the future, increase its fares and fees sufficiently to offset the full impact of increases in fuel prices, especially if these increases are significant, rapid and sustained. Further, any such fare or fee increase may not be sustainable, may reduce the general demand for air travel and may also eventually impact the Company's operations, strategic growth and investment plans for the future. In addition, decreases in fuel prices for an extended period of time may result in increased industry capacity, increased competitive actions for market share and lower fares or surcharges. If fuel prices were to then subsequently rise quickly, there may be a lag between the rise in fuel prices and any improvement of the revenue environment. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 The Company does not currently hedge its future fuel requirements. However, to the extent the Company decides to start a hedging program to hedge a portion of its future fuel requirements, such hedging program may not be successful in mitigating higher fuel costs and any price protection provided may be limited due to the choice of hedging instruments and market conditions, including breakdown of correlation between hedging instrument and market price of aircraft fuel and failure of hedge counterparties. To the extent that the Company decides to use hedge contracts that have the potential to create an obligation to pay upon settlement if fuel prices decline significantly, such hedge contracts may limit the Company's ability to benefit fully from lower fuel prices in the future. If fuel prices decline significantly from the levels existing at the time the Company enters into a hedge contract, the Company may be required to post collateral (margin) beyond certain thresholds. There can be no assurance that the Company's hedging arrangements, if any, would provide any particular level of protection against rises in fuel prices or that its counterparties will be able to perform under the Company's hedging arrangements. Additionally, deterioration in the Company's financial condition could negatively affect its ability to enter into hedge contracts in the future. 
 The Company has a significant amount of financial leverage from fixed obligations and insufficient liquidity may have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition and business. 
 The Company has a significant amount of financial leverage from fixed obligations, including aircraft lease and debt financings, leases of airport property, secured bonds, secured loan facilities and other facilities, and other material cash obligations. In addition, the Company has substantial noncancelable commitments for capital expenditures, including for the acquisition of new aircraft and related spare engines. If the Company's liquidity is materially diminished, the Company's substantial level of indebtedness, the Company's non-investment grade credit ratings and the lack of availability of Company assets as collateral for loans or other indebtedness may make it difficult for the Company to raise additional capital if needed to meet its liquidity needs on acceptable terms, or at all, and the Company may not be able to timely pay its leases and debts or comply with material provisions of its contractual obligations, including covenants under its financing and credit card processing agreements. 
 In addition to the foregoing, the degree to which we are leveraged could have important consequences to holders of our securities, including the following: (1) we must dedicate a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on applicable indebtedness, which, in turn, reduces funds available for operations and capital expenditures; (2) our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the markets in which we compete may be limited; (3) we may be at a competitive disadvantage relative to our competitors with less indebtedness; (4) we are rendered more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions; (5) we are exposed to increased interest rate risk given that a portion of our indebtedness obligations are at variable interest rates; and (6) our credit ratings may be reduced and our debt and equity securities may significantly decrease in value. 
 See Part II, Item 7., Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of this report for additional information regarding the Company's liquidity. 
 Agreements governing our debt include financial and other covenants. Failure to comply with these covenants could result in events of default. 
 Our financing agreements include various financial and other covenants. Certain of these covenants require UAL or United, as applicable, to maintain minimum liquidity and/or minimum collateral coverage ratios. UAL's or United's ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond its control, including the overall industry revenue environment, the level of fuel costs and the appraised value of the collateral. In addition, our financing agreements contain other negative covenants customary for such financings. If we fail to comply with these covenants and are unable to remedy or obtain a waiver or amendment, an event of default would result. 
 If an event of default were to occur, the lenders could, among other things, declare outstanding amounts immediately due and payable. In addition, an event of default or declaration of acceleration under one financing agreement could also result in an event of default under other of our financing agreements due to cross-default and cross-acceleration provisions. The acceleration of significant amounts of debt could require us to renegotiate, repay or refinance the obligations under our financing arrangements, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
 The MileagePlus Financing agreements in particular contain stringent covenants, limit our flexibility to manage our capital structure and limit our ability to make financial and operational changes to the MileagePlus program. If we were to default under the MileagePlus Financing agreements, the lenders' exercise of remedies could result in our loss of the MileagePlus program, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. As a result we may take actions to ensure that the MileagePlus Financing debt is satisfied or that the lenders' remedies under such debt are not exercised, potentially to the detriment of our other creditors. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 The proposed phase out of the London interbank offer rate could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 The Company is subject to market risks relating to the phase out of the London interbank offered rates ("LIBOR") and the transition into an index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") or another alternate reference rate. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 12.8 billion in variable rate indebtedness, a significant portion of which still uses LIBOR as a benchmark for establishing applicable rates. In July 2017, the United Kingdom regulator that regulates LIBOR announced its intention to phase out LIBOR rates by the end of 2021. Subsequently, the ICE Benchmark Administration, in its capacity as administrator of USD-LIBOR, announced an extension of the publication of USD-LIBOR (other than one-week and two-month tenors) by 18 months through June 2023. Notwithstanding this extension, a joint statement by key regulatory authorities called on banks to cease entering into new contracts that use USD-LIBOR as a reference rate by no later than December 31, 2021. The Alternative Reference Rates Committee, a steering committee comprised of large U.S. financial institutions, has proposed replacing USD-LIBOR with SOFR. In March 2022, the U.S. enacted the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act, with publication in December 2022 by the Federal Reserve Board of related implementing rules, intended to provide a statutory framework to replace USD-LIBOR with a benchmark rate based on SOFR for contracts governed by U.S. law that have no or ineffective fallback provisions. Since January 1, 2022, our new floating rate debt facilities have generally utilized SOFR-based rates as the initial reference rate. However, we still have variable rate debt based on LIBOR. We have commenced the process of replacing LIBOR as a benchmark in such existing floating rate obligations, but there is no assurance that such replacements will be concluded, or will be concluded prior to LIBOR rates ceasing to be published. While many of our remaining LIBOR-based obligations provide for alternative methods of calculating the interest rate payable if LIBOR is not published, the extent and manner of any future changes with respect to methods of calculating LIBOR or replacing LIBOR with SOFR or with another benchmark remain uncertain. Although the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act provides for a SOFR fallback for certain such agreements, uncertainty exists around the extent to which this transition from USD-LIBOR, whether by amendment or application of this statute, will affect the interest rates in those agreements. We also have certain agreements that look to SOFR as an alternative interest rate method to LIBOR, with the potential for spread adjustments, and we cannot predict what the impact of these agreements and any transition to or use of SOFR could have on us. Although SOFR seems to be the most widely accepted replacement to LIBOR and SOFR based rates are presently the primary such replacement benchmark being implemented by the Company, both the application and the future of SOFR remain uncertain. We may be negatively impacted by renegotiated terms in connection with any replacements to LIBOR as a benchmark, which may adversely affect our interest rates and result in higher borrowing costs that we cannot predict. 
 The Company's ability to use its net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes to offset future taxable income for U.S. federal income tax purposes may be significantly limited due to various circumstances, including certain possible future transactions involving the sale or issuance of UAL common stock, or if taxable income does not reach sufficient levels. 
 As of December 31, 2022, UAL reported consolidated U.S. federal net operating loss ("NOL") carryforwards of approximately 13.2 billion. The Company's ability to use its NOL carryforwards and certain other tax attributes will depend on the amount of taxable income it generates in future periods and, as a result, certain of the Company's NOL carryforwards and other tax attributes may expire before it can generate sufficient taxable income to use them in full. In addition, the Company's ability to use its NOL carryforwards and certain other tax attributes to offset future taxable income may be limited if it experiences an "ownership change" as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Potential future transactions involving the sale or issuance of UAL common stock may increase the possibility that the Company will experience a future "ownership change" under Section 382. Such transactions may include the exercise of warrants issued in connection with the CARES Act programs, the issuance of UAL common stock for cash, the conversion of any future convertible debt, the repurchase of any debt with the Company's common stock, the acquisition or disposition of any stock by a stockholder owning 5 or more of the outstanding shares of UAL common stock, or a combination of the foregoing. 
 The Company's stockholders approved a tax benefits preservation plan (the "Plan") in order to preserve the Company's ability to use its NOLs and certain other tax attributes to reduce potential future income tax obligations. The Plan is designed to reduce the likelihood that the Company experiences an "ownership change" by deterring certain acquisitions of Company securities. There is no assurance, however, that the deterrent mechanism in the Plan will be effective, and such acquisitions may still occur. In addition, the Plan may adversely affect the marketability of UAL common stock by discouraging existing or potential investors from acquiring UAL common stock or additional shares of UAL common stock because any non-exempt third party that acquires 4.9 or more of the then-outstanding shares of UAL common stock would suffer substantial dilution of its ownership interest in the Company. 
 The Company may never realize the full value of its intangible assets or its long-lived assets causing it to record impairments that may negatively affect its financial condition and operating results. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 In accordance with applicable accounting standards, the Company is required to test its indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently where there is an indication of impairment, and certain of its other assets for impairment where there is any indication that an asset may be impaired. The Company may be required to recognize losses in the future due to, among other factors, extreme fuel price volatility, tight credit markets, government regulatory changes, decline in the fair values of certain tangible or intangible assets, such as our aircraft, route authorities, airport slots and frequent flyer database, unfavorable trends in historical or forecasted results of operations and cash flows and an uncertain economic environment, as well as other uncertainties. For example, during 2021, the Company recorded 97 million of impairments, which includes impairments resulting from current market conditions for used aircraft that are being held for sale and the decision to retire single-cabin 50-seat regional aircraft as a result of the 2021 United Next order. Also in 2020, the Company recognized 130 million of impairment charges related to its China routes, which were primarily caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company's subsequent suspension of flights to China and a further delay in the expected return of full capacity to the China markets. Adverse changes to our forecasted results could require the Company to recognize additional impairments to its China route indefinite-lived intangible assets in future periods. The Company can provide no assurance that a material impairment loss of tangible or intangible assets will not occur in a future period. 
 The price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly. 
 The closing price for our common stock has varied between a high of 53.12 and a low of 30.54 in the year ended December 31, 2022. Volatility in the market price of our common stock may prevent holders from selling shares at or above the prices paid for them. The market price of our common stock could fluctuate significantly for various reasons which include: the market reaction to another COVID-19-like pandemic and our responses thereto; the sale of substantial amounts of our common stock; changes in the prices or availability of oil or jet fuel; our quarterly or annual earnings or those of other companies in our industry; the public's reaction to our press releases, our other public announcements and our filings with the SEC; changes in our earnings or recommendations by research analysts who track our common stock or the stock of other airlines; changes in general conditions in the United States and global economy, financial markets or airline industry, including those resulting from changes in fuel prices or fuel shortages, war, incidents of terrorism, pandemics or responses to such events; changes in the competitive landscape for the airline industry, including any changes resulting from industry consolidation whether or not involving our Company; our liquidity position; and the other risks described in these "Risk Factors." 
 In addition, in recent periods, the stock market has experienced extreme declines and volatility. This volatility has had a significant negative impact on the market price of securities issued by many companies, including us and other companies in our industry. 
 The Company's operating results fluctuate due to seasonality and other factors associated with the airline industry, many of which are beyond the Company's control. 
 Due to greater demand for air travel during the spring and summer months, revenues in the airline industry in the second and third quarters of the year are generally stronger than revenues in the first and fourth quarters of the year, which are periods of lower travel demand. The Company's operating results generally reflect this seasonality but have also been impacted by numerous other factors that are not necessarily seasonal, including, among others, extreme or severe weather, outbreaks of disease, public health issues (including global health epidemics or pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic as well as the potential increased government restrictions and regulation), ATC congestion, geological events, political instability, terrorism, natural disasters, changes in the competitive environment due to industry consolidation, tax obligations, general economic conditions and other factors, as well as related consumer perceptions. As a result, the Company's quarterly operating results are not necessarily indicative of operating results for an entire year, and historical operating results in a quarterly or annual period are not necessarily indicative of future operating results. Major global public health issues, including pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic, have adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect, the Company. 
 Increases in insurance costs or inadequate insurance coverage may materially and adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 The Company maintains insurance policies, including, but not limited to, terrorism, aviation hull and liability, workers' compensation and property and business interruption insurance, but we are not fully insured against all potential hazards and risks incident to our business. If the Company is unable to obtain sufficient insurance with acceptable terms, the costs of such insurance increase materially, or if the coverage obtained is unable to pay or is insufficient relative to actual liability or losses that the Company experiences, whether due to insurance market conditions, policy limitations and exclusions or otherwise, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 None. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 
 Fleet. As of December 31, 2022, United's mainline and regional fleets consisted of the following: 
 Aircraft Type Total Owned Leased Seats in Standard Configuration Average Age (In Years) Mainline: 777-300ER 22 22 350 5.0 777-200ER 55 54 1 276-362 22.8 777-200 19 19 364 25.5 787-10 19 19 318 2.5 787-9 38 34 4 257 5.3 787-8 12 12 243 9.5 767-400ER 16 16 231-240 21.3 767-300ER 37 37 167-214 26.8 757-300 21 9 12 234 20.3 757-200 40 36 4 169-176 25.9 737 MAX 9 48 32 16 179 2.0 737 MAX 8 32 16 16 166 0.7 737-900ER 136 136 179 10.0 737-900 12 8 4 179 21.3 737-800 141 109 32 166 18.8 737-700 40 35 5 126 23.8 A320-200 99 86 13 150 24.4 A319-100 81 52 29 126 21.1 Total mainline 868 732 136 16.7 
 In addition to the aircraft presented in the table above, United is leasing one Boeing 767-200 that is being subleased to a third party as of December 31, 2022. 
 Aircraft Type Total Owned Owned or Leased by Regional Carrier Regional Carrier Operator and Number of Aircraft Seats in Standard Configuration Regional: Embraer E175/E175LL 183 81 102 SkyWest: Mesa: Republic: 89 63 31 70/76 Embraer 170 35 35 Republic: 35 70 CRJ700 20 20 SkyWest: 20 70 CRJ550 36 2 34 GoJet: 36 50 CRJ200 133 133 SkyWest: Air Wisconsin: 70 63 50 Embraer ERJ 145XR 63 63 CommuteAir: 63 50 Total regional 470 146 324 
 In addition to the aircraft presented in the table above, United owned or leased the following regional aircraft as of December 31, 2022: 
 23 CRJ550s,18 Embraer E175LLs and 38 Embraer ERJ 145s that were temporarily grounded; and 
 8 CRJ700s awaiting conversion to CRJ550s. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Firm Order and Option Aircraft. As of December 31, 2022, United had firm commitments to purchase aircraft from Boeing and Airbus presented in the table below: 
 Scheduled Aircraft Deliveries Aircraft Type Number of Firm Commitments (a) 2023 2024 After 2024 787 102 2 8 92 737 MAX 433 135 88 210 A321neo 70 12 31 27 A321XLR 50 50 A350 45 45 (a) United also has options and purchase rights for additional aircraft. 
 
 The aircraft listed in the table above are scheduled for delivery through 2033. The amount and timing of the Company's future capital commitments could change to the extent that: (i) the Company and the aircraft manufacturers, with whom the Company has existing orders for new aircraft, agree to modify the contracts governing those orders; (ii) rights are exercised pursuant to the relevant agreements to modify the timing of deliveries; or (iii) the aircraft manufacturers are unable to deliver in accordance with the terms of those orders. Airbus notified United that eight Airbus A321neo aircraft scheduled for delivery in 2023, as shown in the table above, are now expected to deliver in 2024, and Boeing notified United that 37 Boeing 737 MAX aircraft scheduled for delivery in 2023, as shown in the table above, are now expected to deliver in 2024. Also, United estimates that an additional six Boeing 737 MAX aircraft scheduled for delivery in 2023, as shown in the table above, will deliver in 2024. 
 See Note 12 to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for additional information. 
 Facilities. United leases gates, hangar sites, terminal buildings and other airport facilities in the municipalities it serves. United has major terminal facility leases at SFO, IAD, ORD, LAX, DEN, EWR, IAH and GUM with expiration dates ranging from 2023 through 2053. Substantially all of these facilities are leased on a net-rental basis, resulting in the Company having financial responsibility for maintenance, insurance and other facility-related expenses and services. 
 United also maintains administrative, catering, cargo, training, maintenance and other facilities to support its operations in the cities it serves. In addition, United has multiple leases, which expire from 2029 through 2033, for its principal executive office and operations center in downtown Chicago and administrative offices in downtown Houston. 
 In 2022, United expanded its club footprint with new United Clubs in EWR, ORD and Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport, as well as a new Polaris Club at IAD and announced a planned club expansion at DEN. United also added new operational support facilities with a new Inflight Training Center at IAH and new widebody hangar in LAX. Additionally, in January 2023, United opened new gates in DEN and ORD as well as EWR's New Terminal A. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 The Company is involved in legal proceedings, including litigation, arbitration and other claims, and investigations, inspections, subpoenas, audits, inquiries and similar action , involving its passengers, customers, suppliers and employees as well as government agencies arising in the ordinary course of business and that have not been fully resolved. Legal proceedings, in general, and securities, class action and multi-district litigation, in particular, can be expensive and disruptive. Some of these suits may purport or may be determined to be class actions and/or involve parties seeking large and/or indeterminate amounts, including punitive or exemplary damages, and may remain unresolved for several years. Additionally, from time to time, the Company becomes aware of potential non-compliance with applicable environmental regulations, which have either been identified by the Company (through internal compliance programs such as its environmental compliance audits) or through notice from a governmental entity. In some instances, these matters could potentially become the subject of an administrative or judicial proceeding and could potentially involve monetary sanctions. 
 Management believes, after considering a number of factors, including (but not limited to) the information currently available, the views of legal counsel, the nature of contingencies to which the Company is subject and prior experience, that its defenses and assertions in pending legal proceedings have merit and the ultimate disposition of any pending matter will not materially affect the Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows . However, the ultimate resolutions of the Company's legal proceedings and other contingencies are inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties. There can be no assurance that there will not be an increase in the scope of one or more of these pending matters or any other or future lawsuits, claims, government investigations or other legal proceedings will not be material to the Company's financial position, results of 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 operations or cash flows for a particular period. As such, the Company's financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected in any particular period by the unfavorable resolution of one or more of these matters. 
 Antitrust Litigation 
 On June 30, 2015, UAL received a Civil Investigative Demand ("CID") from the Antitrust Division of the DOJ seeking documents and information from the Company in connection with a DOJ investigation related to statements and decisions about airline capacity. The Company has completed its response to the CID. The Company is not able to predict what action, if any, might be taken in the future by the DOJ or other governmental authorities as a result of the investigation. Beginning on July 1, 2015, subsequent to the announcement of the CID, UAL and United were named as defendants in multiple class action lawsuits that asserted claims under the Sherman Antitrust Act, which have been consolidated in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia. The complaints generally allege collusion among U.S. airlines on capacity impacting airfares and seek treble damages. The Company is vigorously defending against the class action lawsuits. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 UAL's common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market ("Nasdaq") under the symbol "UAL." 
 Holders of Common Stock 
 As of February 9, 2023, there were 5,885 holders of record of UAL common stock. 
 The number of record holders is based upon the actual number of holders registered on our books at such date based on information provided by Computershare Investor Services, our transfer agent, and does not include holders of shares in "street name" or other holders identified in security position listings maintained by depository trust companies. 
 Dividend Policy 
 There were no cash dividend payments during the year ended December 31, 2022 and we do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Future decisions to pay cash dividends continue to be at the discretion of the Board and will be dependent on our profitability expectations, net income, operating performance, financial condition, capital expenditure requirements and other factors that the Board considers relevant. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 In 2020, the Company's Board of Directors terminated the Company's share repurchase program. As such, the Company did not make any purchases of its common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022. 
 Recent Sale of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 The Company did not sell any securities that were not registered under the Securities Act during the period covered by this report that have not been previously disclosed on a Form 10-Q or Form 8-K. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return during the period from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022 of UAL's common stock to the Standard and Poor's 500 Index ("SPX") and the NYSE Arca Airline Index ("XAL"). The comparison assumes 100 was invested on December 31, 2017 in our common stock and in each of the foregoing indices and assumes that all dividends were reinvested. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Note: The stock price performance shown in the graph above should not be considered indicative of potential future stock price performance. The foregoing performance graph is being furnished as part of this report solely in accordance with the requirement under Rule 14a-3(b)(9) to furnish our stockholders with such information, and therefore, shall not be deemed to be filed or incorporated by reference into any filings by the Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is provided as a supplement to and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-K and the description of our business and reportable segments in Part I, Item 1. Business of this Form 10-K to enhance the understanding of our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 This section generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussions of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 are not included in this Form 10-K and can be found in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in Part II, Item 7 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on February 18, 2022 (the "2021 Annual Report"). 
 Executive Summary 
 Overview 
 United Airlines Holdings, Inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, "UAL" or the "Company") is a holding company and its wholly-owned subsidiary is United Airlines, Inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, "United"). 
 As UAL consolidates United for financial statement purposes, disclosures that relate to activities of United also apply to UAL, unless otherwise noted. United's operating revenues and operating expenses comprise nearly 100 of UAL's revenues and operating expenses. In addition, United comprises approximately the entire balance of UAL's assets, liabilities and operating 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 cash flows. When appropriate, UAL and United are named specifically for their individual contractual obligations and related disclosures and any significant differences between the operations and results of UAL and United are separately disclosed and explained. We sometimes use the words "we," "our," "us," and the "Company" in this report for disclosures that relate to all of UAL and United. 
 Our business and operating results for 2022 continued to be negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, particularly in the first half of the year. Given the more significant impact of the pandemic on our business and operating results in 2020 and 2021, we believe that a comparison of our 2022 results to 2019 for certain key metrics in this financial overview discussion is more reflective of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Our current expectations described below are forward-looking statements and our actual results and timing may vary materially based on various factors that include, but are not limited to, those discussed below under "Economic and Market Factors" and "Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" and in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, of this Form 10-K. 
 Strategy 
 Our shared purpose is "Connecting People. Uniting the World." We have the most comprehensive route network among North American carriers, including U.S. mainland hubs in Chicago, Denver, Houston, Los Angeles, New York/Newark, San Francisco and Washington, D.C. 
 Our United Next plan is our fundamental strategic evolution for driving future growth that we believe will have a transformational effect on the customer experience and earnings power of our business. As part of our United Next plan, in June 2021 we announced our firm order for the purchase of 270 new Boeing and Airbus aircraft, which at the time was the largest combined order in the airline's history and the biggest by an individual carrier in the last decade. In December 2022, we announced the largest widebody order by a U.S. carrier in commercial aviation history (100 Boeing 787 Dreamliners with options to purchase 100 more), the exercise of options to purchase 44 Boeing 737 MAX aircraft for delivery between 2024 and 2026, the firm orders of 56 more Boeing 737 MAX aircraft for delivery between 2027 and 2028 and the acquisition of an additional 100 options to purchase additional Boeing 737 MAX aircraft. We now expect to take delivery of about 700 new narrow and widebody aircraft by the end of 2033. 
 Our groundbreaking United Next strategy is expected to increase United's average gauge in North America, to increase the total number of available seats per departure and to significantly lower carbon emissions per seat. United will retrofit 100 of its mainline, narrow-body planes with its signature interior that includes seat-back entertainment in every seat, larger overhead bins for every passenger's carry-on bag and the industry's fastest available in-flight WiFi, as well as a bright look-and-feel with LED lighting. The carrier's international widebodies will feature the United Polaris business class seat as well as United Premium Plus seating. The Company plans to replace older, smaller mainline jets and at least 200 single-class regional jets with larger aircraft, which we expect will lead to fuel efficiency benefits compared to older planes, including an expected 17-25 lower carbon emissions per seat compared to older planes. We believe that United Next will allow us to differentiate our network and segment our products with a greater premium offering while also maintaining fare competitiveness with low-cost carriers. 
 The Company remains squarely focused on delivering on four strategic pillars: 
 United Next: Along with the items mentioned above, additional elements of the United Next plan include hiring over 50,000 new employees, expanding our leading global network to underserved countries and making significant technology changes designed to improve the customer experience and drive operational efficiency. 
 Operational excellence: The most important factor for customer satisfaction is on-time flights. We face some unique challenges in this respect because we operate hubs in the most congested and constrained airports in the country. That backdrop means that United needs to be a leader at using technology to overcome these challenges. We believe that we have been doing that, but we have a lot of ideas to continue making advancements in this area. 
 Adjusted cost per available seat mile ("CASM-ex"): We believe that our CASM-ex (a non-GAAP financial measure defined as cost or operating expense per available seat mile ("CASM") excluding fuel, profit sharing, third-party business expense and special charges (credits)) targets in connection with our United Next plan will be key in driving absolute and relative margin improvement. Moreover, having best-in-class CASM-ex performance is expected to provide the cash flow needed to support our planned investments in growth. 
 Customer service: We believe that excellent customer service is part of de-commoditizing air travel. Our people are our greatest asset and they are by far the most important part of our product. A great route network, new aircraft, great 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Wi-Fi, etc. are a necessary but not sufficient condition for a great brand. Ultimately our people provide customers with the service they expect. 
 Economic and Market Factors 
 The airline industry is highly competitive, marked by significant competition with respect to routes, fares, schedules (both timing and frequency), services, products, customer service and frequent flyer programs. We, like other companies in our industry, have been subject to these and other industry-specific competitive dynamics. In addition, our operations, supply chain, partners and suppliers have been subject to various global macroeconomic factors. We expect to continue to remain vulnerable to a number of industry-specific and global macroeconomic factors that may cause our actual results of operations to differ from our historical results of operations or current expectations. The factors and trends that we currently believe are or will be most impactful to our results of operations and financial condition include the following: the execution risks associated with our United Next plan; the impact on the Company of significant operational challenges by third parties on which we rely; rising inflationary pressures; labor market and supply chain constraints and related costs affecting us and our partners; volatile fuel prices; aircraft delivery delays; the lasting effects of the COVID-19 global pandemic and related governmental regulations and restrictions, that we believe will change how our customers fly in ways that we expect to be both positive and negative for the Company, including the lingering impact of the pandemic on the return of business and international especially in our China market travel demand to pre-COVID-19 levels; the closure of our flying airspace and termination of other operations due to regional conflicts, including the continuation of the suspension of our overflying in Russian airspace as well as third-party general sales agent services in Russia as a result of the Russia-Ukraine military conflict and an escalation of the broader economic consequences of the conflict beyond their current scope; and changes in general economic conditions in the markets in which the Company operates, including an economic downturn leading to a decrease in demand for air travel or fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates that may impact international travel demand. We continue to monitor the potential favorable or unfavorable impacts of these and other factors on our business, operations, financial condition and future results of operations, which are dependent on future developments, including as a result of those factors discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors, of this Form 10-K. Our future results of operations may be subject to volatility and our growth plans may be delayed, particularly in the short term, due to the impact of the above factors and trends. For instance, we have delayed a portion of our previously planned capacity increases for full year 2023 in response to several factors and trends noted above and may need to implement further modifications. However, based on the current trend of our business operations, the Company believes that the long-term outlook for the Company remains positive due to the expected continued return of travel demand and the anticipated benefits by the United Next plan. Absent significant and prolonged COVID-19 relapses or global economic disruptions, we believe that the expected long-term increase in travel demand will offset increased costs and that the expected operational challenges can be managed in a manner that will allow us to support increased demand. 
 Despite the lingering effects of COVID-19 induced business interruptions, which has caused the Company's recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic not to follow a linear path, we have seen increasing demand for travel both domestically and internationally in countries where entry is permitted as we operated at approximately 87 of our 2019 capacity during 2022. However, it remains difficult to reasonably assess or predict the full extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the broader economy and how consumer behavior may change and whether such change is temporary or permanent. As a result, the Company's operational and financial performance, particularly in the short-term, may be subject to volatility in the future. Risks and uncertainties related to the COVID-19 pandemic are further described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Select financial data and operating statistics are provided in the tables below: 
 (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2019 Operating revenue 44,955 24,634 15,355 43,259 Operating expense 42,618 25,656 21,714 38,958 Operating income (loss) 2,337 (1,022) (6,359) 4,301 Nonoperating expense, net (1,347) (1,535) (2,463) (387) Income tax expense (benefit) 253 (593) (1,753) 905 Net income (loss) 737 (1,964) (7,069) 3,009 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 2022 2021 2020 2019 Passengers (thousands) (a) 144,300 104,082 57,761 162,443 Revenue passenger miles ("RPMs") (millions) (b) 206,791 128,979 73,883 239,360 Available seat miles ("ASMs") (millions) (c) 
 247,858 178,684 122,804 284,999 Cargo revenue ton miles (millions) (d) 3,041 3,285 2,711 3,329 Passenger load factor (e) 83.4 72.2 60.2 84.0 Passenger revenue per available seat mile ("PRASM") (cents) 16.15 11.30 9.61 13.90 Total revenue per available seat mile ("TRASM") (cents) 18.14 13.79 12.50 15.18 Average yield per revenue passenger mile ("Yield") (cents) (f) 19.36 15.66 15.98 16.55 CASM (cents) 17.19 14.36 17.68 13.67 CASM-ex (Non-GAAP) (cents) 11.73 12.96 17.13 10.21 Average stage length (miles) (g) 1,437 1,315 1,307 1,460 Employee headcount, as of December 31 92,800 84,100 74,400 95,900 (a) The number of revenue passengers measured by each flight segment flown. 
 (b) The number of scheduled miles flown by revenue passengers. 
 (c) The number of seats available for passengers multiplied by the number of scheduled miles those seats are flown. 
 (d) The number of cargo revenue tons transported multiplied by the number of miles flown. 
 (e) RPMs divided by ASMs. 
 (f) The average passenger revenue received for each revenue passenger mile flown. 
 (g) Average stage length equals the average distance a flight travels weighted for size of aircraft. 
 
 Operating Revenue. The table below illustrates the year-over-year percentage change in the Company's operating revenues for the years ended December 31 (in millions, except percentage changes): 
 2022 2021 Increase (Decrease) Change Passenger revenue 40,032 20,197 19,835 98.2 Cargo 2,171 2,349 (178) (7.6) Other operating revenue 2,752 2,088 664 31.8 Total operating revenue 44,955 24,634 20,321 82.5 
 The table below presents passenger revenue and select operating data of the Company, broken out by geographic region, expressed as year-over-year changes: 
 Increase (decrease) from 2021: Domestic Atlantic Pacific Latin 
 Total Passenger revenue (in millions) 11,104 5,634 1,513 1,584 19,835 Passenger revenue 74.9 244.3 247.2 64.3 98.2 Average fare per passenger 31.2 21.6 4.8 35.4 43.0 Yield 27.0 31.8 (15.1) 24.6 23.6 PRASM 36.0 80.9 100.0 50.5 42.9 Passengers 33.3 183.1 231.5 21.4 38.6 RPMs 37.8 161.3 309.0 31.8 60.3 ASMs 28.7 90.3 73.4 9.1 38.7 Passenger load factor (points) 5.6 22.5 39.3 14.4 11.2 
 Passenger revenue increased 19.8 billion, or 98.2 , in 2022 as compared to 2021, primarily due to the ongoing recovery in air travel which was impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and strength in the pricing environment as a result of inflationary pressures on fuel prices and other costs. 
 Cargo revenue decreased 178 million, or 7.6 , in 2022 as compared to 2021, primarily due to lower yields as a result of increased market capacity. Cargo revenue was especially high in 2021 due to the limited market capacity, lower passenger load factors and the utilization of cargo-only flights in the first half of 2021. 
 Other operating revenue increased 664 million, or 31.8 , in 2022 as compared to 2021, primarily due to an increase in mileage revenue from non-airline partners, including credit card spending recovery with our co-branded credit card partner, 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. ("Chase"), as well as an increase in the purchases of United Club memberships and lounge passes in the current year. 
 Operating Expense. The table below includes data related to the Company's operating expense for the years ended December 31 (in millions, except percentage changes): 
 2022 2021 Increase (Decrease) Change Aircraft fuel 13,113 5,755 7,358 127.9 Salaries and related costs 11,466 9,566 1,900 19.9 Landing fees and other rent 2,576 2,416 160 6.6 Depreciation and amortization 2,456 2,485 (29) (1.2) Regional capacity purchase 2,299 2,147 152 7.1 Aircraft maintenance materials and outside repairs 2,153 1,316 837 63.6 Distribution expenses 1,535 677 858 126.7 Aircraft rent 252 228 24 10.5 Special charges (credits) 140 (3,367) (3,507) NM Other operating expenses 6,628 4,433 2,195 49.5 Total operating expenses 42,618 25,656 16,962 66.1 
 Aircraft fuel expense increased 7.4 billion, or 127.9 , in 2022 as compared to 2021, primarily due to both a higher average price per gallon of fuel and increased consumption from higher flight activity. The table below presents the significant changes in aircraft fuel cost per gallon for the years ended December 31 (in millions, except percentage changes and per gallon data): 
 2022 2021 Change Fuel expense 13,113 5,755 127.9 Total fuel consumption (gallons) 3,608 2,729 32.2 Average price per gallon 3.63 2.11 72.0 
 Salaries and related costs increased 1.9 billion, or 19.9 , in 2022 as compared to 2021, primarily due to an approximately 10 increase in headcount, volume-driven pay from increased flight activity, an increase in employee incentive accruals due to current year profitability (including profit sharing of 133 million in 2022) and 405 million of employee retention credits under the CARES Act in 2021 that did not reoccur in 2022. 
 Landing fees and other rent increased 160 million, or 6.6 , in 2022 as compared to 2021, primarily due to an increase in landed weight volume as a result of increased flight activity. 
 Regional capacity purchase costs increased 152 million, or 7.1 , in 2022 as compared to 2021, primarily due to rate increases. 
 Aircraft maintenance materials and outside repairs increased 837 million, or 63.6 , in 2022 as compared to 2021, primarily due to higher volumes of flying, increased engine overhauls, higher repair volumes, heavy airframe checks and contractual rate escalations. 
 Distribution expenses increased 858 million, or 126.7 , in 2022 as compared to 2021, primarily due to higher credit card fees, higher travel agency commissions and higher volumes of global distribution fees as a result of the overall increase in passenger revenue. Distribution expenses were also impacted by a higher proportion of business travel as compared to leisure travel, which can result in higher cost distribution channels and forms of payment. 
 The table below presents special charges (credits) recorded by the Company during the years ended December 31 (in millions): 
 2022 2021 CARES Act grant (4,021) Severance and benefit costs 438 Impairment of assets 97 (Gains) losses on sale of assets and other special charges 140 119 Total special charges (credits) 140 (3,367) 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 See Note 13 to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for additional information. 
 Other operating expenses increased 2.2 billion, or 49.5 , in 2022 as compared to 2021, primarily due to increases in ground handling, passenger services, food and beverage offerings, navigation fees and personnel-related costs as a direct result of the increase in flight activity and inflationary pressures and higher expenditures on information technology projects and services. 
 Nonoperating Income (Expense). The following table illustrates the year-over-year dollar and percentage changes in the Company's nonoperating income (expense) for the years ended December 31 (in millions, except percentage changes): 
 2022 2021 Increase (Decrease) Change Interest expense (1,778) (1,657) 121 7.3 Interest income 298 36 262 NM Interest capitalized 105 80 25 31.3 Unrealized gains (losses) on investments, net 20 (34) (54) (158.8) Miscellaneous, net 8 40 (32) (80.0) Total nonoperating expense, net (1,347) (1,535) (188) (12.2) 
 Interest expense increased 121 million, or 7.3 , in 2022 as compared to 2021, primarily due to higher interest rates on variable rate debt as well as a full year of interest expense in 2022 on certain debt incurred in the second quarter of 2021. 
 Interest income increased 262 million in 2022 as compared to 2021, primarily due to higher short-term investments in U.S. government and agency notes. See Note 8 to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for additional information. 
 Unrealized gains on investments, net was 20 million in 2022 as compared to unrealized losses on investments, net of 34 million in 2021, primarily due to the change in the market value of the Company's investments in equity securities. See Notes 8 and 13 to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for additional information. 
 Income Taxes. See Note 6 to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for information related to income taxes. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 16.4 billion in unrestricted cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, a decrease of approximately 2.0 billion from December 31, 2021. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, together with cash generated from operations, will be sufficient to satisfy our anticipated liquidity needs for the next twelve months and we expect to meet our long-term liquidity needs with our anticipated access to the capital markets and projected cash from operations. We regularly assess our anticipated working capital needs, debt and leverage levels, debt maturities, capital expenditure requirements (including in connection with our capital commitments for our firm order aircraft) and future investments or acquisitions in order to maximize shareholder return, efficiently finance our ongoing operations and maintain flexibility for future strategic transactions. We also regularly evaluate our liquidity and capital structure to ensure financial risks, adequate liquidity access and lower cost of capital are efficiently managed. 
 The Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement, under the Term Loan Credit and Guaranty Agreement (the "2021 Term Loan Facility"), provides revolving loan commitments of up to 1.75 billion until April 21, 2025, subject to certain customary conditions. No borrowings were outstanding under this facility at December 31, 2022. 
 We have a significant amount of fixed obligations, including debt, leases of aircraft, airport and other facilities, and pension funding obligations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 37.3 billion of debt, finance lease, operating lease and other financial liabilities, including 3.6 billion that will become due in the next 12 months. In addition, we have substantial noncancelable commitments for capital expenditures, including the acquisition of certain new aircraft and related spare engines. Our debt agreements contain customary terms and conditions as well as various affirmative, negative and financial covenants that, among other things, restrict the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness and pay dividends or repurchase stock. As of December 31, 2022, UAL and United were in compliance with their respective debt covenants. As of December 31, 2022, a substantial portion of the Company's assets, principally aircraft and certain related assets, its loyalty program, route authorities and airport slots, was pledged under various loan and other agreements. See Note 9 to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for additional information on aircraft financing and other debt instruments. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 For 2023, the Company expects approximately 8.5 billion of gross capital expenditures (including expenditures for assets acquired through the issuance of debt, finance leases and other financial liabilities). The Company's estimate for aircraft expenditures reflects its assumptions regarding delayed aircraft deliveries. See Note 12 to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for additional information on commitments, including aircraft expenditures reflecting contractual delivery dates without adjustment for expected delays. The Company has backstop financing commitments available from certain of its aircraft manufacturers for a limited number of its future aircraft deliveries, subject to certain customary conditions. 
 The following table summarizes our cash flow for the years ended December 31 (in millions): 
 2022 2021 2020 2019 Total cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 6,066 2,067 (4,133) 6,909 Investing activities (13,829) (1,672) 50 (4,560) Financing activities (3,349) 6,396 12,957 (1,280) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (11,112) 6,791 8,874 1,069 
 See the Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for additional information. 
 Operating Activities. Cash flows provided by operating activities for 2022 were 4.0 billion higher than 2021 primarily due to an approximately 3.4 billion increase in operating income as improvements in the demand for air travel continued and an approximately 0.6 billion increase in various working capital items. 
 In 2021, United entered into two Payroll Support Program Extension Agreements (collectively, the "PSP2 and PSP3 Agreements") with the U.S. Treasury Department ("Treasury") providing the Company with total funding of approximately 5.8 billion, pursuant to the Payroll Support Program. These funds were used to pay for the wages, salaries and benefits of United employees, including the payment of lost wages, salaries and benefits to returning employees who were previously impacted by involuntary furloughs. Approximately 4.1 billion was provided as a direct grant and 1.7 billion as indebtedness evidenced by two 10-year senior unsecured promissory notes (collectively, the "PSP2 and PSP3 Notes"). See Note 2 to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for additional information on the warrants issued in connection with the PSP2 and PSP3 Notes and Note 9 to such financial statements for a discussion of the PSP2 and PSP3 Notes. 
 Investing Activities. Cash flows used in investing activities increased 12.2 billion in 2022 as compared to the year-ago period mainly related to an approximately 9.5 billion increase in net purchase and sales of short-term and other investments. Capital expenditures increased by 2.7 billion in 2022, as compared to 2021, and totaled 4.8 billion attributable to the purchase of aircraft and aircraft spare parts, advance deposits for future aircraft purchases and spend on facility and technology related projects. Capital expenditures for 2021 were 2.1 billion and were primarily attributable to advance deposits for future aircraft purchases. 
 Financing Activities. Significant financing events in 2022 were as follows: 
 Debt, Finance Lease and Other Financing Liability Principal Payments . During 2022, the Company made 4.0 billion of principal payments on debt, finance leases, and other financing liabilities. 
 Debt Issuances. During 2022, United borrowed 0.8 billion for aircraft financings. 
 See Note 9 to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for additional information. 
 Significant financing events in 2021 were as follows: 
 Debt, Finance Lease and Other Financing Liability Principal Payments. During 2021, the Company made 5.2 billion in principal payments for debt, finance leases, and other financing liabilities. The Company: 
 repaid in full 1.4 billion aggregate principal amount outstanding under a 2017 term loan facility; 
 repaid in full 1.0 billion aggregate principal amount outstanding under a 2017 revolving credit facility; 
 repaid in full 520 million aggregate principal amount outstanding under a CARES Act loan; and 
 made 1.9 billion of aircraft-related debt principal payments. 
 Debt Issuances. During 2021, United received and recorded: 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 5.0 billion from a new term loan; 
 4.0 billion from the issuance of 4.375 senior secured notes due 2026 and 4.625 senior secured notes due 2029; 
 1.7 billion from senior unsecured notes under the Payroll Support Program Extension Agreements of the CARES Act; and 
 600 million of proceeds as debt from the enhanced equipment trust certificates pass-through trusts established in February 2021. 
 Share Issuances. During 2021, the Company raised approximately 532 million in net cash proceeds from the issuance and sale of UAL common stock through "at the market offerings" under equity distribution agreements entered into in June 2020 and March 2021. 
 For additional information regarding these Liquidity and Capital Resource matters, see Notes 2, 9, 10 and 12 to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report. For information regarding non-cash investing and financing activities, see the Company's statements of consolidated cash flows. For a discussion of the Company's sources and uses of cash in 2021 as compared to 2020, see "Liquidity and Capital Resources" in Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the 2021 Annual Report. 
 Credit Ratings. As of the filing date of this report, UAL and United had the following corporate credit ratings: 
 S P Moody's Fitch UAL B+ Ba2 B+ United B+ B+ The credit agency does not issue corporate credit ratings for subsidiary entities. 
 These credit ratings are below investment grade levels; however, the Company has been able to secure financing with investment grade credit ratings for certain EETCs, term loans and secured bond financings. Downgrades from these rating levels, among other things, could restrict the availability, or increase the cost, of future financing for the Company as well as affect the fair market value of existing debt. A rating reflects only the view of a rating agency and is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. Ratings can be revised upward or downward at any time by a rating agency if such rating agency decides that circumstances warrant such a change. 
 
 Other Liquidity Matters 
 Below is a summary of additional liquidity matters. See the indicated notes to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for additional details related to these and other matters affecting our liquidity and commitments. 
 Pension and other postretirement plans Note 7 Long-term debt and debt covenants Note 9 Leases and capacity purchase agreements Note 10 Commitments and contingencies Note 12 
 The Company's business is capital intensive, requiring significant amounts of capital to fund the acquisition of assets, particularly aircraft. In the past, the Company has funded the acquisition of aircraft with cash, by using EETC financing, by entering into finance or operating leases, or through other financings. The Company also often enters into long-term lease commitments with airports to ensure access to terminal, cargo, maintenance and other required facilities. 
 The table below provides a summary of the Company's current and long-term material cash requirements as of December 31, 2022 (in billions): 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 Long-term debt (a) 2.9 3.9 3.4 5.2 2.4 13.7 Finance leases principal portion 0.1 Interest on debt and finance leases (b) 1.7 1.4 1.2 1.0 0.8 0.9 Operating leases (c) 0.9 0.7 0.6 0.6 0.8 3.2 Leases not yet commenced (d) 0.2 0.3 0.4 0.4 0.4 1.5 Other financial liabilities 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.4 0.4 Regional CPAs (e) 2.2 1.9 1.5 1.3 0.9 3.2 Postretirement benefit payments (f) 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.3 Pension funding (g) 0.1 0.4 0.2 0.5 Capital and other purchases (h) 10.2 8.0 7.8 5.9 5.0 16.6 Total 18.4 16.4 15.2 15.0 11.0 40.3 
 (a) Long-term debt presented in the Company's financial statements is net of 386 million of debt discount, premiums and debt issuance costs which are being amortized over the debt terms. Cash requirements do not include the debt discount, premiums and debt issuance costs. 
 (b) Future interest payments on variable rate debt were computed using the rates as of December 31, 2022. 
 (c) Represents future payments under fixed rate operating lease obligations. See Note 10 to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for information on variable rate and short-term operating leases. 
 (d) Represents future payments under leases that have not yet commenced and are not included in the consolidated balance sheet. See Note 10 to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for information on these leases. 
 (e) Represents our estimates of future minimum noncancelable commitments under our CPAs and does not include the portion of the underlying obligations for aircraft and facility rent that is disclosed as part of operating lease obligations. Amounts also exclude a portion of United's finance lease obligations recorded for certain of its CPAs. See Note 10 to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for the significant assumptions used to estimate the payments. 
 (f) Amounts represent postretirement benefit payments through 2032. Benefit payments approximate plan contributions as plans are substantially unfunded. 
 (g) Represents an estimate of the minimum funding requirements as determined by government regulations for United's U.S. pension plans. Amounts are subject to change based on numerous assumptions, including the performance of assets in the plans and bond rates. 
 (h) Represents contractual commitments for firm order aircraft, spare engines and other capital purchase commitments. See Note 12 to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for a discussion of our purchase commitments. 
 In addition to the material cash requirements discussed above, the Company has made certain guarantees that could have a material future effect on the Company's cash requirements: 
 Letters of Credit and Surety Bonds. As of December 31, 2022, United had approximately 441 million of letters of credit and surety bonds securing various obligations with expiration dates through 2032. Certain of these amounts are cash collateralized and reported within Restricted cash on our statement of financial position. See Note 12 to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for more information related to these letters of credit and surety bonds. 
 Guarantee of Debt of Others. As of December 31, 2022, United is the guarantor of 92 million of aircraft mortgage debt issued by one of United's regional carriers. The aircraft mortgage debt is subject to increased cost provisions and the Company would potentially be responsible for those costs under the guarantees. The increased cost provisions in the 92 million of aircraft mortgage debt are similar to those in certain of the Company's debt agreements. See discussion under Increased Cost Provisions, below, for additional information on increased cost provisions related to the Company's debt. 
 Fuel Consortia. United participates in numerous fuel consortia with other air carriers at major airports to reduce the costs of fuel distribution and storage. Interline agreements govern the rights and responsibilities of the consortia members and provide for the allocation of the overall costs to operate the consortia based on usage. The consortia (and in limited cases, the participating carriers) have entered into long-term agreements to lease certain airport fuel storage and distribution facilities that are typically financed through tax-exempt bonds, either special facilities lease revenue bonds or general airport revenue bonds, issued by various local municipalities. In general, each consortium lease agreement requires the consortium to make lease payments in amounts sufficient to pay the maturing principal and interest payments on the bonds. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 2.5 billion principal amount of such bonds was secured by significant fuel facility leases in which United participates, as to which United and each of the signatory airlines has provided indirect guarantees of the debt. As of December 31, 2022, the Company's contingent exposure was approximately 400 million principal amount of such bonds based on its recent consortia participation. The Company's contingent exposure could increase if the participation of other air carriers decreases. The guarantees will expire when the tax-exempt bonds are paid in full, which ranges from 2023 to 2056. The Company concluded it was not necessary to record a liability for these indirect guarantees. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Increased Cost Provisions. In United's financing transactions that include loans in which United is the borrower, United typically agrees to reimburse lenders for any reduced returns with respect to the loans due to any change in capital requirements and, in the case of loans with respect to which the interest rate is based on LIBOR or SOFR, for certain other increased costs that the lenders incur in carrying these loans as a result of any change in law, subject, in most cases, to obligations of the lenders to take certain limited steps to mitigate the requirement for, or the amount of, such increased costs. At December 31, 2022, the Company had 12.9 billion of floating rate debt with remaining terms of up to 12 years that are subject to these increased cost provisions. In several financing transactions involving loans or leases from non-U.S. entities, with remaining terms of up to 12 years and an aggregate balance of 9.8 billion, the Company bears the risk of any change in tax laws that would subject loan or lease payments thereunder to non-U.S. entities to withholding taxes, subject to customary exclusions. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 Critical accounting policies are defined as those that are affected by significant judgments and uncertainties which potentially could result in materially different accounting under different assumptions and conditions. The Company has prepared the financial statements in conformity with GAAP, which requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in the financial statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The Company has identified the following critical accounting policies that impact the preparation of the financial statements. 
 Revenue Recognition . Passenger revenue is recognized when transportation is provided. Passenger tickets and related ancillary services sold by the Company for flights are purchased primarily via credit card transactions, with payments collected by the Company in advance of the performance of related services. The Company initially records ticket sales in its Advance ticket sales liability, deferring revenue recognition until the travel occurs. For travel that has more than one flight segment, the Company deems each segment as a separate performance obligation and recognizes revenue for each segment as travel occurs. Tickets sold by other airlines where the Company provides the transportation are recognized as passenger revenue at the estimated value to be billed to the other airline when travel is provided. Differences between amounts billed and the actual amounts may be rejected and rebilled or written off if the amount recorded was different from the original estimate. When necessary, the Company records a reserve against its billings and payables with other airlines based on historical experience. 
 The Company sells certain tickets with connecting flights with one or more segments operated by its other airline partners. For segments operated by its other airline partners, the Company has determined that it is acting as an agent on behalf of the other airlines as they are responsible for their portion of the contract (i.e. transportation of the passenger). The Company, as the agent, recognizes revenue within Other operating revenue at the time of the travel for the net amount representing commission to be retained by the Company for any segments flown by other airlines. 
 Advance ticket sales represent the Company's liability to provide air transportation in the future. All tickets sold at any given point in time have travel dates through the next 12 months. The Company defers amounts related to future travel in its Advance ticket sales liability account. The Company's Advance ticket sales liability also includes credits issued to customers for future flights ("FFCs") and electronic travel certificates ("ETCs"), primarily for ticket cancellations, which can be applied towards a purchase of a new ticket. FFCs and ETCs are valid up to one year from the date of issuance; however, all credits issued on or before December 31, 2022 have been extended to December 31, 2023. 
 The Company estimates the value of Advance ticket sales that will expire unused ("breakage") and recognizes revenue in proportion to the usage of the related tickets. To determine breakage, the Company uses its historical experience with expired tickets and certificates and other facts, such as recent aging trends, program changes and modifications that could affect the ultimate expiration patterns. Given the uncertainty of travel demand caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, changes in our estimates of FFCs and ETCs that may expire unused could have a material impact on revenue. Changes in estimates of breakage are recognized prospectively in proportion to the remaining usage of the related tickets. 
 Frequent Flyer Accounting. United's MileagePlus loyalty program builds customer loyalty by offering awards, benefits and services to program participants. Members in this program earn miles for travel on United, United Express, Star Alliance members and certain other airlines that participate in the program. Members can also earn miles by purchasing goods and services from our network of non-airline partners. We have contracts to sell miles to these partners with the terms extending from one to seven years. These partners include domestic and international credit card issuers, retail merchants, hotels, car rental companies and our participating airline partners. Miles can be redeemed for free (other than taxes and government-imposed fees), discounted or upgraded air travel and non-travel awards. 
 Co-Brand Agreement . United has a contract (the "Co-Brand Agreement") to sell MileagePlus miles to its co-branded credit card partner Chase. Chase awards miles to MileagePlus members based on their credit card activity. United identified the following significant separately identifiable performance obligations in the Co-Brand Agreement: 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 MileagePlus miles awarded United has a performance obligation to provide MileagePlus cardholders with miles to be used for air travel and non-travel award redemptions. The Company records Passenger revenue related to the travel awards when the transportation is provided and records Other revenue related to the non-travel awards when the goods or services are delivered. The Company records the cost associated with non-travel awards in Other operating revenue, as an agent. 
 Marketing United has a performance obligation to provide Chase access to United's customer list and the use of United's brand. Marketing revenue is recorded to Other operating revenue as miles are delivered to Chase. 
 Advertising United has a performance obligation to provide advertising in support of the MileagePlus card in various customer contact points such as United's website, email promotions, direct mail campaigns, airport advertising and in-flight advertising. Advertising revenue is recorded to Other operating revenue as miles are delivered to Chase. 
 Other travel-related benefits United's performance obligations are comprised of various items such as waived bag fees, seat upgrades and lounge passes. Lounge passes are recorded to Other operating revenue as customers use the lounge passes. Bag fees and seat upgrades are recorded to Passenger revenue at the time of the associated travel. 
 We account for all the payments received under the Co-Brand Agreement by allocating them to the separately identifiable performance obligations. The fair value of the separately identifiable performance obligations is determined using management's estimated selling price of each component. The objective of using the estimated selling price based methodology is to determine the price at which we would transact a sale if the product or service were sold on a stand-alone basis. Accordingly, we determine our best estimate of selling price by considering multiple inputs and methods including, but not limited to, discounted cash flows, brand value, volume discounts, published selling prices, number of miles awarded and number of miles redeemed. The Company estimated the selling prices and volumes over the term of the Co-Brand Agreement, at the inception of the contract, in order to determine the allocation of proceeds to each of the components to be delivered. We also evaluate volumes on an annual basis, which may result in a change in the allocation of the estimated consideration from the Co-Brand Agreement on a prospective basis. 
 Indefinite-lived intangible assets. The Company has indefinite-lived intangible assets, including goodwill. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but are reviewed for impairment on an annual basis as of October 1, or on an interim basis whenever a triggering event occurs. An impairment occurs when the fair value of an intangible asset is less than its carrying value. The Company determines the fair value using a variation of the income approach known as the excess earnings method, which discounts an asset's projected future net cash flows to determine the current fair value. Assumptions used in the discounted cash flow methodology include a discount rate, which is based upon the Company's current weighted average cost of capital plus an asset-specific risk factor, and a projection of sales, expenses, gross margin, tax rates and contributory asset charges for several future years and a terminal growth rate. The assumptions used for future projections are determined based upon the Company's asset-specific forecasts along with the Company's strategic plan. These assumptions are inherently uncertain as they relate to future events and circumstances. Actual results will be influenced by the competitive environment, fuel costs and other expenses, and potentially other unforeseen events or circumstances that could have a material impact on future results. 
 In 2022, the Company evaluated its intangible assets for possible impairments. For the Company's China route authority, the Company performed a quantitative assessment which involved determining the fair value of the asset and comparing that amount to the asset's carrying value. For all other intangible assets, the Company performed a qualitative assessment of whether it was more likely than not that an impairment had occurred. To determine fair value, the Company used discounted cash flow methods appropriate for each asset. Key inputs into the models included forecasted capacity, revenues, fuel costs, other operating costs and an overall discount rate. The assumptions used for future projections include that demand will continue to recover. These assumptions are inherently uncertain as they relate to future events and circumstances. 
 See Notes 1 and 13 to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for additional information. 
 Tax valuation allowance . A tax valuation allowance is recognized if it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company's management assesses available positive and negative evidence regarding the Company's ability to realize its deferred tax assets and records a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets will not be realized. In order to form a conclusion, management considers positive evidence in the form of taxable income in prior carryback years, reversing temporary differences, tax planning strategies and projections of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible, as well as negative evidence such as historical losses. Although the Company incurred losses in 2021 and 2020, management determined that these results were not indicative of future results due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on its operations. The Company concluded that the positive evidence outweighs the negative evidence, primarily driven by approval and distribution of COVID-19 vaccines as well as increased confidence with the timing of the recovery, as evidenced in our 2022 return to profitability. The Company has 7.5 billion of deferred tax assets, of which 2.8 billion (tax effected) are attributable to federal net operating 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 losses ("NOLs") at December 31, 2022. The majority of the NOLs do not expire and the Company expects to realize the benefits of the NOLs and other deferred tax assets through the reversal of certain existing deferred tax liabilities of 6.7 billion and the remaining 0.8 billion through projected future taxable income. Assumptions about our future taxable income are consistent with the plans and estimates used to manage our business. Therefore, we have not recorded a valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets other than the capital loss carryforwards and certain state attributes that have short expiration periods. While the Company expects to generate sufficient future income to fully utilize its deferred tax assets (including NOLs), the Company may have to record a valuation allowance, which could be material, against deferred tax assets if negative evidence such as reduced forecasted income outweigh positive evidence. 
 Recording a valuation allowance against our NOLs would not impact our ability to use them to offset cash taxes payable. However, our ability to use NOLs may be significantly limited due to various circumstances, as discussed in more detail in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors " The Company's ability to use its net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes to offset future taxable income for U.S. federal income tax purposes may be significantly limited due to various circumstances, including certain possible future transactions involving the sale or issuance of UAL common stock, or if taxable income does not reach sufficient levels. " 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has recorded 175 million of valuation allowance against its capital loss deferred tax assets. Capital losses have a limited carryforward period of five years, and they can be utilized only to the extent of capital gains. The Company does not anticipate generating sufficient capital gains to utilize the losses before they expire, therefore, a valuation allowance is necessary as of December 31, 2022. Additionally, the Company recorded a valuation allowance of 24 million on certain state deferred tax assets primarily due to state NOLs that have short expiration periods. 
 Supplemental Information 
 The Company evaluates its financial performance utilizing various GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures, including CASM-ex. The Company has provided CASM-ex, a non-GAAP financial measure, which is not calculated or presented in accordance with GAAP, as supplemental information and in addition to the financial measure that is calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. Management believes that adjusting for special charges (credits) is useful to investors because special charges (credits) are not indicative of UAL's ongoing performance. Management also believes that excluding third-party business expenses, such as expenses associated with maintenance and ground handling for third parties from CASM, provides more meaningful disclosure because these expenses are not directly related to the Company's core business. Management also believes that excluding fuel costs from CASM is useful to investors because it provides an additional measure of management's performance excluding the effects of a significant cost item over which management has limited influence. Management also believes that excluding profit sharing from CASM allows investors to better understand and analyze the Company's operating cost performance and provides a more meaningful comparison of our core operating costs to the airline industry. 
 Because this non-GAAP financial measure is not calculated in accordance with GAAP, it should not be considered superior to, and is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, the related GAAP financial measure and may not be the same as or comparable to any similarly titled measures presented by other companies due to possible differences in method and in the items being adjusted. We encourage investors to review our financial statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. 
 Below is a reconciliation of the historical non-GAAP financial measure provided in this report (CASM-ex) to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure (CASM) for the years ended December 31: 
 (in cents) 2022 2021 2020 2019 CASM (GAAP) 17.19 14.36 17.68 13.67 Fuel expense 5.29 3.22 2.57 3.14 Profit sharing 0.06 0.17 Third-party business expenses 0.06 0.06 0.11 0.06 Special charges (credits) (a) 0.05 (1.88) (2.13) 0.09 CASM-ex (Non-GAAP) 11.73 12.96 17.13 10.21 (a) See Note 13 to the financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for additional information on special charges for 2020 to 2022. Special charges for 2019 consist primarily of 171 million of impairment of assets, 16 million of severance and benefits and 59 million of losses on sale of assets and other special charges. 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 This report contains certain "forward-looking statements," within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including in Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere, relating to, among other things, the potential impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and steps the Company plans to take in response thereto and goals, plans and projections regarding the Company's financial position, results of operations, market position, capacity, fleet, product development, ESG targets and business strategy. Such forward-looking statements are based on historical performance and current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about the Company's future financial results, goals, plans and objectives and involve inherent risks, assumptions and uncertainties, known or unknown, including internal or external factors that could delay, divert or change any of them, that are difficult to predict, may be beyond the Company's control and could cause the Company's future financial results, goals, plans and objectives to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the statements. Words such as "should," "could," "would," "will," "may," "expects," "plans," "intends," "anticipates," "indicates," "remains," "believes," "estimates," "projects," "forecast," "guidance," "outlook," "goals", "targets" and other words and terms of similar meaning and expression are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such terms. All statements, other than those that relate solely to historical facts, are forward-looking statements. 
 Additionally, forward-looking statements include conditional statements and statements that identify uncertainties or trends, discuss the possible future effects of known trends or uncertainties, or that indicate that the future effects of known trends or uncertainties cannot be predicted, guaranteed or assured. All forward-looking statements in this report are based upon information available to us on the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise, except as required by applicable law or regulation. 
 Our actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to numerous factors including, without limitation, the following: execution risks associated with our strategic operating plan; changes in our network strategy or other factors outside our control resulting in less economic aircraft orders, costs related to modification or termination of aircraft orders or entry into less favorable aircraft orders, as well as any inability to accept or integrate new aircraft into our fleet as planned; any failure to effectively manage, and receive anticipated benefits and returns from, acquisitions, divestitures, investments, joint ventures and other portfolio actions, as well as related costs or other issues; the adverse impacts of the ongoing COVID-19 global pandemic on our business, operating results, financial condition and liquidity; adverse publicity, harm to our brand, reduced travel demand, potential tort liability and voluntary or mandatory operational restrictions as a result of an accident, catastrophe or incident involving us, our regional carriers, our codeshare partners or another airline; the highly competitive nature of the global airline industry and susceptibility of the industry to price discounting and changes in capacity, including as a result of alliances, joint business arrangements or other consolidations; our reliance on a limited number of suppliers to source a majority of our aircraft and certain parts, and the impact of any failure to obtain timely deliveries, additional equipment or support from any of these suppliers; disruptions to our regional network and United Express flights provided by third-party regional carriers; unfavorable economic and political conditions in the United States and globally; reliance on third-party service providers and the impact of any significant failure of these parties to perform as expected, or interruptions in our relationships with these providers or their provision of services; extended interruptions or disruptions in service at major airports where we operate and space, facility and infrastructure constrains at our hubs or other airports; geopolitical conflict, terrorist attacks or security events; any damage to our reputation or brand image; our reliance on technology and automated systems to operate our business and the impact of any significant failure or disruption of, or failure to effectively integrate and implement, the technology or systems; increasing privacy and data security obligations or a significant data breach; increased use of social media platforms by us, our employees and others; the impacts of union disputes, employee strikes or slowdowns, and other labor-related disruptions or compliance costs on our operations or financial performance; any failure to attract, train or retain skilled personnel, including our senior management team or other key employees; the monetary and operational costs of compliance with extensive government regulation of the airline industry; current or future litigation and regulatory actions, or failure to comply with the terms of any settlement, order or arrangement relating to these actions; costs, liabilities and risks associated with environmental regulation and climate change, including our climate goals; high and/or volatile fuel prices or significant disruptions in the supply of aircraft fuel; the impacts of our significant amount of financial leverage from fixed obligations and the impacts of insufficient liquidity on our financial condition and business; failure to comply with financial and other covenants governing our debt, including our MileagePlus financing agreements; the impacts of the proposed phase out of the London interbank offer rate; limitations on our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes to offset future taxable income for U.S. federal income tax purposes; our failure to realize the full value of our intangible assets or our long-lived assets, causing us to record impairments; fluctuations in the price of our common stock; the impacts of seasonality and other factors associated with the airline industry; increases in insurance costs or inadequate insurance coverage and other risks and uncertainties set forth under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, of this report, as well as other risks and uncertainties set forth from time to time in the reports we file with the SEC. 
 The foregoing list sets forth many, but not all, of the factors that could impact our ability to achieve results described in any forward-looking statements. Investors should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and should 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 not consider this list to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. It is routine for our internal projections and expectations to change as the year or each quarter in the year progresses, and therefore it should be clearly understood that the internal projections, beliefs and assumptions upon which we base our expectations may change. For instance, we regularly monitor future demand and booking trends and adjust capacity, as needed. As such, our actual flown capacity may differ materially from currently published flight schedules or current estimations. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 We are exposed to market risk resulting from changes in currency exchange rates and interest rates. These risks, along with other business risks, impact our cost of capital. It is our policy to manage our debt structure and foreign exchange exposure in order to manage capital costs, control financial risks and maintain financial flexibility over the long term. In managing market risks, we may employ derivatives according to documented policies and procedures, including interest rate swaps, interest rate locks, foreign currency exchange contracts and combined interest rate foreign currency contracts (cross-currency swaps). We do not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. We do not foresee significant changes in the strategies we use to manage market risk in the near future. All of our financial instruments are subject to counterparty credit risk considered as part of the overall fair value measurement. 
 Interest Rates. Our net income is affected by fluctuations in interest rates (e.g. interest expense on variable rate debt and interest income earned on short-term investments). The Company's policy is to manage interest rate risk through a combination of fixed and variable rate debt. The following table summarizes information related to the Company's interest rate market risk at December 31, 2022 (in millions): 
 Variable rate debt Carrying value of variable rate debt 12,754 Impact of 100 basis point increase on projected interest expense for the following year 93 Fixed rate debt Carrying value of fixed rate debt 18,440 Fair value of fixed rate debt 17,189 Impact of 100 basis point increase in market rates on fair value (407) 
 On January 1, 2022, LIBOR was phased out for the one-week and two-month USD LIBOR settings and starting on July 1, 2023 the remaining USD LIBOR settings are expected to be phased out. Uncertainty as to the nature and performance of alternative reference rates may adversely impact our interest rates and related interest expense. See Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Other Liquidity Matters, of this report for more information on interest expense. Risks and uncertainties related to the LIBOR phase out are further described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors " The proposed phase out of the London interbank offer rate could have a material adverse effect on us." 
 A change in market interest rates would also impact interest income earned on our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. Assuming our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments remain at their average 2022 levels, a 100 basis point increase in interest rates would result in a corresponding increase in the Company's interest income of approximately 186 million during 2023. 
 Commodity Price Risk (Aircraft Fuel). The price of aircraft fuel can significantly affect the Company's operations, results of operations, financial position and liquidity. 
 Our operational and financial results can be significantly impacted by changes in the price and availability of aircraft fuel. To provide adequate supplies of fuel, the Company routinely enters into purchase contracts that are customarily indexed to market prices for aircraft fuel, and the Company generally has some ability to cover short-term fuel supply and infrastructure disruptions at some major demand locations. The Company's current strategy is to not enter into transactions to hedge fuel price volatility, although the Company regularly reviews its policy based on market conditions and other factors. The Company's 2023 forecasted fuel consumption is presently approximately 4.3 billion gallons, and based on this forecast, a one-dollar change in the price of a barrel of aircraft fuel would change the Company's annual fuel expense by approximately 102 million. 
 Foreign Currency. The Company generates revenues and incurs expenses in numerous foreign currencies. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates impact the Company's results of operations through changes in the dollar value of foreign currency-denominated operating revenues and expenses. Some of the Company's more significant foreign currency exposures include the Canadian dollar, European euro, British pound, Japanese yen, Chinese renminbi and Mexican peso. The Company's current strategy is to not enter into transactions to hedge its foreign currency exposure, although the Company regularly reviews its policy based on market conditions and other factors. 
 The result of a uniform 1 strengthening in the value of the U.S. dollar from December 31, 2022 levels relative to each of the currencies in which the Company has foreign currency exposure would result in a decrease in pre-tax income of approximately 17 million for the year ending December 31, 2023. This sensitivity analysis was prepared based upon projected 2023 foreign currency-denominated revenues and expenses as of December 31, 2022. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of United Airlines Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of United Airlines Holdings, Inc. (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), cash flows, and stockholders' equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB"), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 16, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Indefinite-lived Intangible Asset (China Route Authorities) Impairment Analysis Description of the Matter 
 At December 31, 2022, the carrying value of the Company's China route authorities indefinite-lived intangible assets (the China intangible assets) was 1.0 billion. As discussed in Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements, indefinite-lived assets are reviewed for impairment on an annual basis as of October 1, or on an interim basis whenever a triggering event occurs. 
 Auditing management's annual China intangible assets impairment test was complex and highly judgmental due to the significant estimation required in determining the fair value of the assets. The fair value estimate was sensitive to significant assumptions such as revenue growth rate, operating margin and the discount rate, each of which is affected by expectations about future market or economic conditions. As a result of the subjectivity of the assumptions, adverse changes to management's estimates could reduce the underlying cash flows used to estimate fair value and trigger impairment charges. 
 We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We tested the Company's design and operating effectiveness of internal controls that address the risk of material misstatement relating to the estimate of fair value of the China intangible assets used in the annual impairment test. This included testing controls over management's review of the significant assumptions used in the discounted cash flow methodology, including revenue growth rate, operating margin and the discount rate. 
 To test the estimated fair value of the Company's China intangible assets, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, assessing the fair value methodology used by management and evaluating the significant assumptions used in the valuation model. We compared significant assumptions to current industry, market and economic trends, and to the Company's historical results. We assessed the historical accuracy of management's estimates and performed sensitivity analyses of significant assumptions to evaluate the changes in the fair value of the China intangible assets that would result from changes in assumptions. We also involved a valuation specialist to assist in our evaluation of the Company's valuation methodology and discount rate. 
 Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance 
 Description of the Matter 
 As more fully described in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, at December 31, 2022, the Company had deferred tax assets of 7.5 billion. In addition, the Company had deferred tax liabilities available to offset deferred tax assets of billion. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of all available evidence, in management's judgment it is more likely than not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 Auditing management's assessment of the realizability of its deferred tax assets involved complex auditor judgment because management's judgement involves significant assumptions about the ability to generate future taxable income that may be affected by future market or economic conditions. 
 We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls that address the risks of material misstatement relating to the realizability of deferred tax assets. This included controls over management's scheduling of the future reversal of existing taxable temporary differences (deferred tax liabilities) and projections of future taxable income. 
 Among other audit procedures performed, we tested the Company's scheduling of the reversal of existing temporary taxable differences and tested the underlying data used to schedule the reversals. We evaluated the assumptions used by the Company to develop projections of future taxable income and tested the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in its projections. For example, we compared the projections of future taxable income with the actual results of prior periods, as well as management's consideration of current industry and economic trends. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2009. 

Chicago, Illinois 
 February 16, 2023 
 54 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholder and the Board of Directors of United Airlines, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of United Airlines, Inc. (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), cash flows, and stockholder's equity, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Indefinite-lived Intangible Asset (China Route Authorities) Impairment Analysis Description of the Matter At December 31, 2022, the carrying value of the Company's China route authorities indefinite-lived intangible assets (the China intangible assets) was 1.0 billion. As discussed in Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements, indefinite-lived assets are reviewed for impairment on an annual basis as of October 1, or on an interim basis whenever a triggering event occurs. 
 Auditing management's annual China intangible assets impairment test was complex and highly judgmental due to the significant estimation required in determining the fair value of the assets. The fair value estimate was sensitive to significant assumptions such as revenue growth rate, operating margin and the discount rate, each of which is affected by expectations about future market or economic conditions. As a result of the subjectivity of the assumptions, adverse changes to management's estimates could reduce the underlying cash flows used to estimate fair value and trigger impairment charges. 
 We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We tested the Company's design and operating effectiveness of internal controls that address the risk of material misstatement relating to the estimate of fair value of the China intangible assets used in the annual impairment test. This included testing controls over management's review of the significant assumptions used in the discounted cash flow methodology, including revenue growth rate, operating margin and the discount rate. 
 To test the estimated fair value of the Company's China intangible assets, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, assessing the fair value methodology used by management and evaluating the significant assumptions used in the valuation model. We compared significant assumptions to current industry, market and economic trends, and to the Company's historical results. We assessed the historical accuracy of management's estimates and performed sensitivity analyses of significant assumptions to evaluate the changes in the fair value of the China intangible assets that would result from changes in assumptions. We also involved a valuation specialist to assist in our evaluation of the Company's valuation methodology and discount rate. 
 Deferred Tax Assets - Valuation Allowance Description of the Matter As more fully described in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, at December 31, 2022, the Company had deferred tax assets of 7.4 billion. In addition, the Company had deferred tax liabilities available to offset deferred tax assets of 6.7 billion. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of all available evidence, in management s judgment it is more likely than not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 Auditing management's assessment of the realizability of its deferred tax assets involved complex auditor judgment because management's judgement involves significant assumptions about the ability to generate future taxable income that may be affected by future market or economic conditions. 
 We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls that address the risks of material misstatement relating to the realizability of deferred tax assets. This included controls over management's scheduling of the future reversal of existing taxable temporary differences (deferred tax liabilities) and projections of future taxable income. 
 Among other audit procedures performed, we tested the Company's scheduling of the reversal of existing temporary taxable differences and tested the underlying data used to schedule the reversals. We evaluated the assumptions used by the Company to develop projections of future taxable income and tested the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in its projections. For example, we compared the projections of future taxable income with the actual results of prior periods, as well as management's consideration of current industry and economic trends. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2009. 

Chicago, Illinois 
 February 16, 2023 
 56 

Table of Contents 

UNITED AIRLINES HOLDINGS, INC. 
 STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONS 
 (In millions, except per share amounts) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating revenue: Passenger revenue Cargo Other operating revenue Total operating revenue Operating expense: Aircraft fuel Salaries and related costs Landing fees and other rent Depreciation and amortization Regional capacity purchase Aircraft maintenance materials and outside repairs Distribution expenses Aircraft rent Special charges (credits) ) ) Other operating expenses Total operating expense Operating income (loss) ) ) Nonoperating income (expense): Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Interest capitalized Unrealized gains (losses) on investments, net ) ) Miscellaneous, net ) Total nonoperating expense, net ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Earnings (loss) per share, basic Earnings (loss) per share, diluted 
 
 The accompanying Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED AIRLINES HOLDINGS, INC. 
 STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (In millions) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Employee benefit plans ) Investments and other ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Total comprehensive income (loss), net ) ) 
 
 The accompanying Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED AIRLINES HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In millions, except shares) 
 
 At December 31, ASSETS 2022 2021 Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Restricted cash Receivables, less allowance for credit losses (2022 ; 2021 
 Aircraft fuel, spare parts and supplies, less obsolescence allowance (2022 ; 2021 
 Prepaid expenses and other Total current assets Operating property and equipment: Flight equipment Other property and equipment Purchase deposits for flight equipment Total operating property and equipment Less Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total operating property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets: Goodwill Intangibles, less accumulated amortization (2022 ; 2021 
 Restricted cash Deferred income taxes Investments in affiliates and other, less allowance for credit losses (2022 ; 2021 
 Total other assets Total assets 
 
 (continued on next page) 
 59 

Table of Contents 

UNITED AIRLINES HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In millions, except shares) 
 
 At December 31, LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 2022 2021 Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued salaries and benefits Advance ticket sales Frequent flyer deferred revenue Current maturities of long-term debt Current maturities of other financial liabilities Current maturities of operating leases Current maturities of finance leases Other Total current liabilities Long-term debt Long-term obligations under operating leases Long-term obligations under finance leases Other liabilities and deferred credits: Frequent flyer deferred revenue Pension liability Postretirement benefit liability Other financial liabilities Other Total other liabilities and deferred credits Commitments and contingencies Stockholders' equity: Preferred stock Common stock at par, par value; authorized shares; outstanding and shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional capital invested Stock held in treasury, at cost ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The accompanying Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED AIRLINES HOLDINGS, INC. 
 STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS 
 (In millions) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities: Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities - Deferred income tax (benefit) ) ) Depreciation and amortization Operating and non-operating special charges, non-cash portion Unrealized (gains) losses on investments ) Amortization of debt discount and debt issuance costs Other operating activities Changes in operating assets and liabilities - (Increase) decrease in receivables ) ) (Increase) decrease in other assets ) ) Increase in advance ticket sales Increase in frequent flyer deferred revenue Increase (decrease) in accounts payable ) Increase (decrease) in other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Investing Activities: Capital expenditures, net of flight equipment purchase deposit returns ) ) ) Purchases of short-term and other investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of short-term and other investments Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Other, net ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Financing Activities: Proceeds from issuance of debt, net of discounts and fees Payments of long-term debt, finance leases and other financing liabilities ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) Proceeds from equity issuance Other, net ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year Investing and Financing Activities Not Affecting Cash: Property and equipment acquired through the issuance of debt, finance leases and other Right-of-use assets acquired through operating leases Investment interests received in exchange for goods and services Lease modifications and lease conversions ) Cash Paid (Refunded) During the Period for: Interest Income taxes ) 

The accompanying Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

UNITED AIRLINES HOLDINGS, INC. 
 STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (In millions) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Capital Invested Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2019 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Stock-settled share-based compensation Issuance of common stock Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Stock issued for share-based awards, net of shares withheld for tax ) ) ) Warrants issued Adoption of new accounting standard (a) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income Stock-settled share-based compensation Warrants issued Issuance of common stock Stock issued for share-based awards, net of shares withheld for tax ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Stock-settled share-based compensation Stock issued for share-based awards, net of shares withheld for tax ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 (a) 
 The accompanying Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONS 
 (In millions) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating revenue: Passenger revenue Cargo Other operating revenue Total operating revenue Operating expense: Aircraft fuel Salaries and related costs Landing fees and other rent Depreciation and amortization Regional capacity purchase Aircraft maintenance materials and outside repairs Distribution expenses Aircraft rent Special charges (credits) ) ) Other operating expenses Total operating expense Operating income (loss) ) ) Nonoperating income (expense): Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Interest capitalized Unrealized gains (losses) on investments, net ) ) Miscellaneous, net ) Total nonoperating expense, net ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) 
 The accompanying Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (In millions) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Employee benefit plans ) Investments and other ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Total comprehensive income (loss), net ) ) 

The accompanying Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In millions, except shares) 
 
 At December 31, ASSETS 2022 2021 Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Restricted cash Receivables, less allowance for credit losses (2022 ; 2021 
 Aircraft fuel, spare parts and supplies, less obsolescence allowance (2022 ; 2021 
 Prepaid expenses and other Total current assets Operating property and equipment: Flight equipment Other property and equipment Purchase deposits for flight equipment Total operating property and equipment Less Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total operating property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets: Goodwill Intangibles, less accumulated amortization (2022 ; 2021 
 Restricted cash Deferred income taxes Investments in affiliates and other, less allowance for credit losses (2022 ; 2021 
 Total other assets Total assets 
 
 (continued on next page) 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In millions, except shares) 
 
 At December 31, LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY 2022 2021 Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued salaries and benefits Advance ticket sales Frequent flyer deferred revenue Current maturities of long-term debt Current maturities of other financial liabilities Current maturities of operating leases Current maturities of finance leases Other Total current liabilities Long-term debt Long-term obligations under operating leases Long-term obligations under finance leases Other liabilities and deferred credits: Frequent flyer deferred revenue Pension liability Postretirement benefit liability Other financial liabilities Other Total other liabilities and deferred credits Commitments and contingencies Stockholder's equity: Common stock at par, par value; authorized shares; issued and outstanding shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Additional capital invested Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Payable to parent Total stockholder's equity Total liabilities and stockholder's equity 
 
 The accompanying Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS 
 (In millions) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities: Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities - Deferred income tax (benefit) ) ) Depreciation and amortization Operating and non-operating special charges, non-cash portion Unrealized (gains) losses on investments ) Amortization of debt discount and debt issuance costs Other operating activities Changes in operating assets and liabilities - Increase (decrease) in receivables ) ) Increase in intercompany receivables ) ) ) (Increase) decrease in other assets ) ) Increase in advance ticket sales Increase in frequent flyer deferred revenue Increase (decrease) in accounts payable ) Increase (decrease) in other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Investing Activities: Capital expenditures, net of flight equipment purchase deposit returns ) ) ) Purchases of short-term and other investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of short-term and other investments Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Other, net ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Financing Activities: Proceeds from issuance of debt, net of discounts and fees Payments of long-term debt, finance leases and other financing liabilities ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of parent company stock Dividend to UAL ) Other, net ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year Investing and Financing Activities Not Affecting Cash: Property and equipment acquired through the issuance of debt, finance leases and other Right-of-use assets acquired through operating leases Investment interests received in exchange for goods and services Lease modifications and lease conversions ) Cash Paid (Refunded) During the Period for: Interest Income taxes ) 

The accompanying Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY 
 (In millions) 
 
 Additional Capital Invested Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Receivable from) Payable to Related Parties, Net Total Balance at December 31, 2019 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Dividend to UAL ) ) ) Stock-settled share-based compensation Adoption of new accounting standard (a) ) ) Impact of UAL common stock issuance Other Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income Stock-settled share-based compensation Impact of UAL common stock issuance Other Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Stock-settled share-based compensation Other ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 (a) 
 The accompanying Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED AIRLINES HOLDINGS, INC. 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 COMBINED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 - 
 
 (b) 
 from the date of issuance. Non-refundable tickets generally expire on the date of the intended travel, unless the date is extended by notification from the customer on or before the intended travel date. 
 United initially capitalizes the costs of selling airline travel tickets and then recognizes those costs as Distribution expense at the time of travel. Passenger ticket costs include credit card fees, travel agency and other commissions paid, as well as global distribution systems booking fees. 
 Advance Ticket Sales. Advance ticket sales represent the Company's liability to provide air transportation in the future. All tickets sold at any given point in time have travel dates through the next months. The Company defers amounts related to future travel in its Advance ticket sales liability account. The Company's Advance ticket sales liability also includes credits issued to customers for future flights ("FFCs") and electronic travel certificates ("ETCs"), primarily for ticket cancellations, which can be applied towards a purchase of a new ticket. FFCs and ETCs are valid up to one year from the date of issuance; however, all credits issued on or before December 31, 2022 have been extended to December 31, 2023. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 billion, billion and billion, respectively, of passenger revenue for tickets that were included in Advance ticket sales at the beginning of those periods. 
 Revenue by Geography. The Company further disaggregates revenue by geographic regions. The Company deploys its aircraft across its route network through a single route scheduling system to maximize its value. When making resource allocation decisions, the Company's chief operating decision maker evaluates flight profitability data, which considers aircraft type and route economics. The Company's chief operating decision maker makes resource allocation decisions to maximize the Company's consolidated financial results. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise with separate financial information, which are evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker and are used in resource allocation and performance assessments. Managing the Company as segment allows management the opportunity to maximize the value of its route network. 
 Atlantic (including Africa, India and Middle East destinations) Pacific Latin America Total 
 
 The Company recorded billion, billion and billion of ancillary fees within passenger revenue in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (c) 
 (d) . These partners include domestic and international credit card issuers, retail merchants, hotels, car rental companies and our participating airline partners. Miles can be redeemed for free (other than taxes and government-imposed fees), discounted or upgraded air travel and non-travel awards. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 . 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Total miles awarded Travel miles redeemed ) ) Non-travel miles redeemed ) ) Total Frequent flyer deferred revenue - ending balance 
 In the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized, in Other operating revenue, billion, billion and billion, respectively, related to the marketing, advertising, non-travel miles redeemed (net of related costs) and other travel-related benefits of the mileage revenue associated with our various partner agreements including, but not limited to, our Co-Brand Agreement. The portion related to the MileagePlus miles awarded of the total amounts received is deferred and presented in the table above as an increase to the frequent flyer liability. We determine the current portion of our frequent flyer liability based on expected redemptions in the next 12 months. 
 (e) 
 billion of senior secured notes and a secured term loan facility (the "MileagePlus Financing") secured by substantially all of the assets of Mileage Plus Holdings, LLC ("MPH"), a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of United. 
 Restricted cash-non-current The December 31, 2022 balance primarily includes collateral associated with the MileagePlus Financing, collateral for letters of credit and collateral associated with facility leases and other insurance-related obligations. 
 Restricted cash Other assets: Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the statement of consolidated cash flows 
 (f) 
 (g) 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Credit loss expense and write-offs related to trade receivables were not material for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (i) 
 (j) 
 
 to 
 Aircraft seats to 
 Buildings to 
 Other property and equipment to 
 Computer software to 
 Building improvements to 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a carrying value of computer software of million and million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company's amortization expense related to computer software was million, million and million, respectively. Aircraft, spare engines and related rotable parts were assumed to have residual values of approximately 10 of original cost, and other categories of property and equipment were assumed to have no residual value. 
 (k) 
 million and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. See Note 13 of this report for additional information related to impairments . 
 (l) 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 

See Note 13 of this report for additional information related to impairments. 
 Indefinite-lived intangible assets Route authorities Airport slots Tradenames and logos Alliances Total Finite-lived intangible assets Frequent flyer database Hubs Contracts Other Total 
 Amortization expense in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. Projected amortization expense in 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026 and 2027 is million, million, million, million and million, respectively. 
 (m) 
 (n) 
 74 

Table of Contents 

(p) Advertising expenses were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (q) 
 (r) See Note 6 of this report for additional information on UAL's uncertain tax positions. 
 
 NOTE 2 - 
 4/20/2025 9/30/2025 CARES Act Warrants 9/28/2025 PSP2 Warrants 1/15/2026 4/29/2026 PSP3 Warrants 4/29/2026 6/10/2026 Total 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately million shares of UAL's common stock were reserved for future issuance related to the issuance of equity-based awards under the Company's incentive compensation plans. 
 As of December 31, 2022, UAL had shares of junior preferred stock (par value per share) outstanding. In addition, UAL is authorized to issue million shares of preferred stock (without par value) under UAL's amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 
 On March 3, 2021, the Company entered into an equity distribution agreement (the "Distribution Agreement") with several financial institutions (collectively, the "Managers"), relating to the issuance and sale from time to time by UAL (the "2021 ATM Offering"), through the Managers, of up to million shares of UAL common stock (the "2021 ATM Shares"). Sales of the 2021 ATM Shares under the Distribution Agreement may be made in any transactions that are deemed to be "at the market offerings" as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Under the terms of the Distribution Agreement, UAL may also sell the 2021 ATM Shares to any Manager, as principal for its own account, at a price agreed upon at the time of sale. If UAL sells the 2021 ATM Shares to a Manager as principal, UAL will enter into a separate terms agreement with such 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 million shares were sold in the 2021 ATM Offering at an average price of per share, with net proceeds to the Company totaling approximately million. No shares were sold in 2022 under the 2021 ATM Offering. 
 
 NOTE 3 - 
 ) ) Basic weighted-average shares outstanding Dilutive effect of employee stock awards Dilutive effect of stock warrants Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding Earnings (loss) per share, basic Earnings (loss) per share, diluted Potentially dilutive securities (a) Stock warrants (b) Employee stock awards 
 (a) Weighted-average potentially dilutive securities outstanding excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share because the securities would have had an antidilutive effect. 
 (b) Represent warrants issued to Treasury pursuant to the payroll support program, including extensions, and the loan program established under the CARES Act. See Note 2 of this report for additional information about these warrants. 

NOTE 4 - 
 million RSUs consisting of approximately million time-vested RSUs and approximately million performance-based RSUs. The time-vested RSUs vest pro-rata, a majority of which vest on February 28th of each year, over a period from the date of grant. The performance-based RSUs vest upon continuous employment with the Company through December 31, 2024 and the achievement of certain financial, operational and diversity goals. RSUs are generally equity awards settled in stock for domestic employees and liability awards settled in cash for international employees. The cash payments are based on the -day average closing price of UAL common stock immediately prior to the vesting date. 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Stock options Total 
 Stock options Total 
 RSUs. As of December 31, 2022, UAL had recorded a liability of approximately million related to its cash-settled RSUs. UAL paid approximately million, million and million related to its cash-settled RSUs during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2020 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2021 Granted Additional issuance due to achievement of performance metrics Vested ) ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 The fair value of RSUs that vested in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was approximately million, million and million, respectively. 
 Stock Options. UAL did t grant any stock option awards during 2022, 2021 or 2020. As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately million outstanding stock option awards, million of which were exercisable, with weighted-average exercise prices of and , respectively, weighted-average remaining contractual lives of years and years, respectively, and intrinsic values of as all of the strike prices exceeded the closing stock price on that date. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 5 -) ) ) Change in value ) ) Amounts reclassified to earnings (b) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Change in value ) ) Amounts reclassified to earnings (b) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Change in value ) ) Amounts reclassified to earnings ) (b) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) (a) Includes approximately million of deferred income tax expense that will not be recognized in net income until the related pension and postretirement benefit obligations are fully extinguished. We consider all income sources, including other comprehensive income, in determining the amount of tax benefit allocated to results from operations. 
 (b) This AOCI component is included in the computation of net periodic pension and other postretirement costs. See Note 7 of this report for additional information on pensions and other postretirement liabilities. 

NOTE 6 - 
 ) ) State income tax provision (benefit), net of federal income tax benefit ) ) Nondeductible employee meals Nondeductible transportation fringe benefit Valuation allowance ) ) Other, net Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Current ) ) Deferred ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 Deferred revenue Employee benefits, including pension, postretirement and medical Operating lease liabilities Other financing liabilities Interest expense carryforward Other Less: Valuation allowance ) ) ) ) Total deferred tax assets Depreciation ) ) ) ) Operating lease right-of-use asset ) ) ) ) Intangibles ) ) ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) ) ) Net deferred tax asset 
 United and its domestic consolidated subsidiaries file a consolidated federal income tax return with UAL. Under an intercompany tax allocation policy, United and its subsidiaries compute, record and pay UAL for their own tax liability as if they were separate companies filing separate returns. In determining their own tax liabilities, United and each of its subsidiaries take into account all tax credits or benefits generated and utilized as separate companies and they are each compensated for the aforementioned tax benefits only if they would be able to use those benefits on a separate company basis. The Company recorded a deferred tax asset for a temporary interest expense limitation under Internal Revenue Code ("IRC") section 163(j) due to law changes resulting from the CARES Act. Interest expense disallowed under IRC section 163(j) can be carried forward indefinitely and deducted in future years. 
 The Company's federal and state NOL and tax credit carryforwards relate to current and prior years' NOLs and credits, which may be used to reduce tax liabilities in future years. These tax benefits are mostly attributable to federal pre-tax NOL carryforwards of billion billion tax effected) for UAL. If not utilized these federal pre-tax NOLs will expire as follows (in billions): in 2026, in 2028, in 2029, in 2032 and in 2033. The remaining billion of NOLs has no expiration date. State pre-tax NOLs of billion billion tax effected) expire over a to -year period. Federal tax credits of million will expire over a to period and state tax credits of million will expire over a to period. 
 A tax valuation allowance is recognized if it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company's management assesses available positive and negative evidence regarding the Company's ability to realize its deferred tax assets and records a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets will not be realized. In order to form a conclusion, management considers positive evidence in the form of taxable income in prior carryback years, reversing temporary differences, tax planning strategies and projections of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible, as well as negative evidence such as historical losses. Although the Company incurred losses in 2021 and 2020, management determined that these results were not indicative of future results due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on its operations. The Company concluded that the positive evidence outweighs the negative evidence, primarily driven by approval and distribution of COVID-19 vaccines as well as increased confidence with the timing of the recovery, as evidenced in our 2022 return to profitability. One of the Company's largest deferred tax assets was its federal pre-tax NOLs which were billion billion tax effected) at December 31, 2022. The majority of the NOLs do not expire and the Company expects to realize the benefits of the NOLs and other deferred tax assets through the reversal of certain existing deferred tax liabilities of billion and the remaining billion through projected future taxable income. Therefore, we have not recorded a valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets other than the capital loss carryforwards and certain state attributes that have short expiration periods. While the Company expects to generate sufficient future income to fully utilize its deferred tax assets (including NOLs), the Company may have to record a valuation allowance, which could be material, against deferred tax assets if negative evidence such as reduced forecasted income outweigh positive evidence. Assumptions about future taxable income are consistent with the plans and estimates used to manage our business. Management will continue to evaluate future financial performance to determine whether such 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 million of valuation allowance against its capital loss deferred tax assets. Capital losses have a limited carryforward period of five years, and they can be utilized only to the extent of capital gains. The Company does not anticipate generating sufficient capital gains to utilize the losses before they expire, therefore, a valuation allowance is necessary as of December 31, 2022. Additionally, the Company recorded a valuation allowance of million on certain state deferred tax assets primarily due to state NOLs that have short expiration periods. 
 The Company's unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions were million, million and million at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Included in the ending balance at December 31, 2022 is million that would affect the Company's effective tax rate if recognized. The changes in unrecognized tax benefits relating to settlements with taxing authorities, unrecognized tax benefits as a result of tax positions taken during a prior period and unrecognized tax benefits relating from a lapse of the statute of limitations were immaterial during 2022, 2021 and 2020. The Company does not expect significant increases or decreases in their unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months. There are no material amounts included in the balance at December 31, 2022 for tax positions for which the ultimate deductibility is highly certain but for which there is uncertainty about the timing of such deductibility. 
 The Company's federal income tax returns for tax years after 2002 remain subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") and state taxing jurisdictions. 
 
 NOTE 7 - 
 primary defined benefit pension plans, one covering certain pilot employees and another covering certain U.S. non-pilot employees. Each of these plans provide benefits based on a combination of years of benefit accruals service and an employee's final average compensation. Additional benefit accruals are frozen under the plan covering certain pilot employees and for management and administrative employees covered under the non-pilot plan. Benefit accruals for certain non-pilot employees continue. United maintains additional defined benefit pension plans, which cover certain international employees. 
 Other Postretirement Plans. United maintains postretirement medical programs which provide medical benefits to certain retirees and eligible dependents, as well as life insurance benefits to certain retirees participating in the plan. Benefits provided are subject to applicable contributions, co-payments, deductibles and other limits as described in the specific plan documentation. 
 In 2021 and 2020, the Company offered several voluntary leave programs and voluntary separation programs ("Voluntary Programs") to certain eligible employees, which in some cases included a partially-paid leave of absence with active health benefits and travel privileges. Under these Voluntary Programs, employees generally separated (or will separate) from employment with certain post-employment health benefits and travel privileges. Included in the Voluntary Programs offered during the first quarter of 2021, the Company offered special separation benefits in the form of additional subsidies for retiree medical costs for certain U.S.-based front-line employees. The subsidies are in the form of a one-time contribution to a notional Retiree Health Account of for full-time employees and for part-time employees. As a result, the Company recorded million for those additional benefits in 2021. 
 During 2020, the Company offered certain of its eligible front-line employees special separation benefits in the form of additional years of pension service and additional subsidies for retiree medical costs (based on employee group, age and completed years of service) as a part of the Voluntary Programs. As a result, the Company recorded, in 2020, million for those additional pension benefits and million for those additional retiree medical benefits. Also, the Company recognized, in 2020, million in settlement losses related to the defined benefit pension plan covering certain U.S. non-pilot employees. 
 Actuarial assumption changes are reflected as a component of the net actuarial (gain) loss. The 2022 actuarial gains were mainly related to an increase in the discount rate applied at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021, which were partially offset by losses on pension plan assets due to asset returns being less than expected. Actuarial (gains) losses will be amortized over the average remaining service life of the covered active employees. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Change in projected benefit obligation: Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year Service cost Interest cost Actuarial gain ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Curtailment ) Other ) ) Projected benefit obligation at end of year Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual income (loss) on plan assets ) Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) Other ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status Net amount recognized ) ) Pension Benefits December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets consist of: Noncurrent asset Current liability ) ) Noncurrent liability ) ) Total liability ) ) Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income loss) consist of: Net actuarial loss ) ) Prior service cost ) ) Total accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 Service cost Interest cost Plan participants' contributions Benefits paid ) ) Actuarial (gain) loss ) Special termination benefit Benefit obligation at end of year Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets Employer contributions Plan participants' contributions Benefits paid ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status Net amount recognized ) )) ) Noncurrent liability ) ) Total liability ) ) Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) consist of: Net actuarial gain Prior service credit Total accumulated other comprehensive income 
 Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of unrecognized actuarial (gain) loss ) ) ) Amortization of prior service credits ) ) ) Settlement loss - Voluntary Programs Special termination benefits - Voluntary Programs Curtailment ) Other Net periodic benefit cost (credit) ) ) 
 Service cost is recorded in Salaries and related costs on the statement of consolidated operations. All other components of net periodic benefit costs are recorded in Miscellaneous, net on the statement of consolidated operations. 
 ) 
 Rate of compensation increase Assumptions used to determine net expense Discount rate Expected return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase 
 Other Postretirement Benefits Assumptions used to determine benefit obligations 2022 2021 Discount rate Assumptions used to determine net expense Discount rate Expected return on plan assets Health care cost trend rate assumed for next year Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline (ultimate trend rate in 2033) 
 The Company used the Society of Actuaries' PRI-2012 Private Retirement Plans Mortality Tables projected generationally using the Society of Actuaries' MP-2021 projection scale. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

- 
 Fixed-income securities - 
 Alternatives - 
 
 Impact on 2023 Net Periodic Benefit Cost 100 basis points decrease in the weighted average discount rate (a) 
 100 basis points decrease in the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 
 (a) In general, as discount rates increase, the impact of changes in discount rates decreases. Therefore, these sensitivities cannot be extrapolated for larger increases or decreases in the discount rate. In addition, benefit cost is affected by other factors including, but not limited to, investment performance, contributions, demographic experience and other assumption changes. 
 Fair Value Information. 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Fixed-income securities Alternatives Other investments Total Other Postretirement Benefit Plan Assets: Deposit administration fund 
 (a) In accordance with the relevant accounting standards, certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value ("NAV") per share (or its equivalent) have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. These investments are commingled funds that invest in equity securities and fixed-income instruments including bonds, debt securities, and other similar instruments issued by various U.S. and non-U.S. public- or private-sector entities. Redemption periods for these investments range from daily to semiannually. 
 Equity and Fixed-Income. Equities include investments in both developed market and emerging market equity securities. Fixed-income includes primarily U.S. and non-U.S. government fixed-income securities and non-U.S. corporate fixed-income securities, as well as securitized debt securities. 
 Deposit Administration Fund. This investment is a stable value investment product structured to provide investment income. 
 Alternatives. Alternative investments consist primarily of investments in hedge funds, real estate and private equity interests. 
 Other investments. Other investments consist of primarily cash equivalents, as well as insurance contracts. 
 Actual income (loss) on plan assets: Sold during the year Held at year end ) Purchases, sales, issuances and settlements (net) ) ) Balance at end of year 
 Funding requirements for tax-qualified defined benefit pension plans are determined by government regulations. The Company does not expect any minimum required contributions for 2023 for its tax-qualified defined benefit pension plans. The Company expects to make approximately million in contributions to its other postretirement benefit plans in 2023. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Years 2028 2032 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 to of eligible earnings depending on the terms of each plan. United recorded expenses for its primary 401(k) defined contribution plans of million, million and million in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Multi-Employer Plans. million in employers' contributions for the year ended December 31, 2021. For 2021, the Company's contributions to the IAM Plan represented more than 5 of total contributions to the IAM Plan. The 2022 information is not available as the applicable Form 5500 is not final for the plan year. 
 as of January 1, 2021. 
 FIP/RP Status Pending/Implemented A -year Rehabilitation Plan effective, January 1, 2022, was adopted on April 17, 2019 that requires the Company to make an additional contribution of of the hourly contribution rate, compounded annually for the length of the Rehabilitation Plan, effective June 1, 2019. 
 United's Contributions million, million and million in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 Surcharge Imposed Expiration Date of Collective Bargaining Agreement N/A 
 Profit Sharing. Substantially all employees participate in profit sharing based on a percentage of pre-tax earnings, excluding special charges, profit sharing expense and share-based compensation. Profit sharing percentages range from to depending on the work group, and in some cases profit sharing percentages vary above and below certain pre-tax margin thresholds. Eligible U.S. co-workers in each participating work group receive a profit sharing payout using a formula based on the ratio of each qualified co-worker's annual eligible earnings to the eligible earnings of all qualified co-workers in all domestic work groups. Eligible non-U.S. co-workers receive profit sharing based on the calculation under the U.S. profit sharing plan for management and administrative employees. The Company recorded profit sharing and related payroll tax expense of million in 2022. As a result of the pre-tax losses in 2021 and 2020, profit sharing was recorded. Profit sharing expense is recorded as a component of Salaries and related costs in the Company's statements of consolidated operations. 
 
 NOTE 8 - 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 Restricted cash - current (Note 1) Restricted cash - non-current (Note 1) Short-term investments: U.S. government and agency notes Asset-backed securities Corporate debt Long-term investments: Equity securities 
 Investments presented in the table above have the same fair value as their carrying value. 
 Short-term investments T he short-term investments shown in the table above are classified as available-for-sale and have remaining maturities of approximately one year or less. 
 Long Term Investments: Equity securities Represents equity and equity-linked securities (such as vested warrants) in Azul Linhas A reas Brasileiras S.A., Clear Secure, Inc., Archer Aviation Inc. and Eve Holding, Inc. 
 Other fair value information - 

Investments in Regional Carriers. United holds investments in regional carriers that fly for the Company as United Express under its CPAs. The combined carrying value of the investments was approximately million as of December 31, 2022. Each investment and United's ownership stake are listed below. 
 CommuteAir LLC. United owns a minority ownership stake in CommuteAir LLC, which does business as CommuteAir. CommuteAir currently operates regional aircraft under a CPA that has a term through 2026. We account for this investment using the equity method. 
 Republic Airways Holdings Inc. ("Republic Holdings"). United holds a minority interest in Republic Holdings. Republic Holdings is the parent company of Republic Airways Inc. ("Republic"). Republic currently operates regional aircraft under CPAs that have terms through 2036. We account for this investment using the equity method. 
 Mesa Air Group, Inc. ("Mesa Air Group"). In January 2023, United obtained a minority interest in Mesa Air Group, the parent company of Mesa Airlines, Inc. ("Mesa"). Mesa currently operates regional aircraft, with the opportunity to operate up to regional aircraft, under a CPA that has a term through 2032. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 million. 
 Notes Receivable. The Company has million of notes receivable, net of allowance for credit losses, the majority of which is from certain of its regional carriers. The loans are recorded in Investments in affiliates and other, less allowance for credit losses on the Company's consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 NOTE 9 - 
 MileagePlus Senior Secured Notes 
 2027 MileagePlus Term Loan Faci lity (b) 
 2027 2026 and 2029 Notes 2026 2029 2021 Term Loan s (b) 
 2028 Unsecured Notes 2024 2025 PSP Notes (c) 2030 2031 Other unsecured debt 2023 2029 Less: unamortized debt discount, premiums and debt issuance costs ) ) Less: current portion of long-term debt ) ) Long-term debt, net (a) Financing includes variable rate debt based on LIBOR (or another index rate), generally subject to a floor, plus a specified margin of to . 
 (b) Financing includes variable rate debt based on LIBOR (or another index rate), subject to a floor, plus a specified margin of to . 
 (c) The PSP Notes include billion of indebtedness evidenced by a -year senior unsecured promissory note with Treasury provided under the PSP of the CARES Act ("PSP1"), billion of indebtedness evidenced by a 10-year senior unsecured promissory note issued to Treasury pursuant to Payroll Support Program Extension Agreements under the CARES Act ("PSP2") and billion of indebtedness evidenced by a 10-year senior unsecured promissory note issued to Treasury pursuant to the Payroll Support Program established under Section 7301 of the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 ("PSP3"). These PSP Notes have a rate of in years 1 through 5, and a rate of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") plus in years 6 through 10. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 
 During 2022, United borrowed million aggregate principal amount from a financial institution to finance the purchase of aircraft. The notes evidencing these borrowings, which are secured by the related aircraft, mature in 2034 and have fixed and variable interest rates ranging from to at December 31, 2022. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 billion and a new Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement (the "2021 Revolving Credit Facility" and, together with the 2021 Term Loan Facility, the "2021 Loan Facilities") initially providing revolving loan commitments of up to billion. As of December 31, 2022, we had billion undrawn and available under our revolving credit facility. 
 Our debt agreements contain customary terms and conditions as well as various affirmative, negative and financial covenants that, among other things, restrict the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness and pay dividends or repurchase stock. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with its debt covenants. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 billion of unrestricted liquidity at all times, which includes unrestricted cash, short-term investments and any undrawn amounts under any revolving credit facility, and to maintain a minimum ratio of appraised value of collateral to the outstanding debt secured by such collateral (including under the 2021 Loan Facilities) of to 1.0, tested semi-annually. 
 The 2021 Loan Facilities contain events of default customary for similar financings, including a cross-payment default and cross-acceleration to other material indebtedness. 
 2026 and 2029 Notes The 2026 and 2029 Notes are secured on a senior basis by security interests granted by the Company to the collateral trustee for the benefit of the holders of the 2026 and 2029 Notes, among other parties, on the following: (i) all of the Company's route authorities granted by the U.S. Department of Transportation to operate scheduled service between any international airport located in the United States and any international airport located in any country other than the United States (except Cuba), (ii) the Company's rights to substantially all of its landing and take-off slots at foreign and domestic airports, including at John F. Kennedy International Airport, LaGuardia Airport and Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport (subject to certain exclusions), and (iii) the Company's rights to use or occupy space at airport terminals, each to the extent necessary at the relevant time for servicing scheduled air carrier service authorized by an applicable route authority. 
 The indenture for these 2026 and 2029 Notes contains covenants that, among other things, limit our ability under certain circumstances to create liens on the Collateral, make certain dividends, stock repurchases, restricted investments and other restricted payments, and consolidate, merge, sell, or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets. The indenture also contains a financial covenant that requires UAL to pay special interest in an additional amount equal to per year of the principal amount of the 2026 and 2029 Notes for so long as it is unable to demonstrate that it maintains a minimum ratio of appraised value of collateral to the outstanding debt secured by such collateral (including the 2026 and 2029 Notes) of to 1.0, tested semi-annually. 
 The indenture contains events of default customary for similar financings, including a cross-payment default and cross-acceleration to other material indebtedness. 
 MileagePlus Senior Secured Notes and MileagePlus Term Loan Facility 
 Secured by first-priority security interests in substantially all of the assets of the Issuers, other than excluded property and subject to certain permitted liens, including security interests in specified cash accounts that include the accounts into which MileagePlus revenues are or will be paid by the Company's marketing partners and by the Company. PSP Notes The PSP Notes represent senior unsecured indebtedness of UAL. The PSP Notes are guaranteed by United. If any subsidiary of UAL (other than United) becomes, or is required to become, an obligor on unsecured indebtedness of UAL or any of its subsidiaries with a principal balance in excess of a specified amount, then such subsidiary shall be required to guarantee the obligations of the Company under the PSP Notes. 
 Pursuant to the PSP Agreements, the Company and its affiliates will be required to comply with certain provisions including, among others, audit and reporting requirements and provisions restricting the payment of certain executive compensation until April 1, 2023. 
 Unsecured notes The indentures for these notes contain covenants that, among other things, restrict the ability of the Company and its restricted subsidiaries (as defined in the indentures) to incur additional indebtedness and make certain dividends, stock repurchases, restricted investments and other restricted payments. 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 10 - 
 
 Variable and short-term lease cost Amortization of finance lease assets Interest on finance lease liabilities Sublease income ) ) ) Total lease cost 
 Lease terms and commitments . United's leases include aircraft leases for aircraft that are directly leased by United and aircraft that are operated by regional carriers on United's behalf under CPAs (but excluding aircraft owned by United) and non-aircraft leases. Aircraft operating leases relate to leases of mainline and regional aircraft while finance leases relate to leases of mainline and regional aircraft. United's aircraft leases have remaining lease terms of month to years with expiration dates ranging from 2023 through 2034. Under the terms of most aircraft leases, United has the right to purchase the aircraft at the end of the lease term, in some cases at fair market value, and in others, at a percentage of cost. 
 Non-aircraft leases have remaining lease terms of month to years, with expiration dates ranging from 2023 through 2053. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 Minimum lease payments Imputed interest ) ) Present value of minimum lease payments Less: current maturities of lease obligations ) ) Long-term lease obligations 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 billion for several regional aircraft under CPAs and airport facility leases that have not yet commenced. These leases will commence starting in 2023 through 2025 with lease terms of up to years. 
 In 2020, United entered into agreements with third parties to finance through sale and leaseback transactions new Boeing model 787 aircraft and Boeing model 737 MAX aircraft subject to purchase agreements between United and Boeing. In connection with the delivery of each aircraft from Boeing, United assigned its right to purchase such aircraft to the buyer, and simultaneous with the buyer's purchase from Boeing, United entered into a long-term lease for such aircraft with the buyer as lessor. Upon delivery of the aircraft in these sale and leaseback transactions, the Company accounted for several of these aircraft, which have a repurchase option at a price other than fair value, as part of Flight equipment on the Company's consolidated balance sheet and the related obligation recorded in Current maturities of other financial liabilities and Other financial liabilities since they did not qualify for sale recognition (failed sale and leaseback). The remaining aircraft that qualified for sale recognition were recorded as Operating lease right-of-use assets and Current/Long-term obligations under operating leases on the Company's consolidated balance sheet after recognition of related gains on such sale. In 2022, under these sale and leaseback agreements, United exercised repurchase options for Boeing 787 aircraft. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 Imputed interest ) Current maturities of other financial liabilities ) Other financial liabilities 
 Our lease agreements do not provide a readily determinable implicit rate nor is it available to us from our lessors. Instead, we estimate United's incremental borrowing rate based on information available at lease commencement in order to discount lease payments to present value. 
 years years Weighted-average remaining lease term - finance leases years years Weighted-average remaining lease term - other financial liabilities years years Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases Weighted-average discount rate - finance leases Weighted-average interest rate - other financial liabilities 

Operating cash flows for finance leases Financing cash flows for finance leases 
 Regional CPAs. United has contractual relationships with various regional carriers to provide regional aircraft service branded as United Express. Under these CPAs, the Company pays the regional carriers contractually agreed fees (carrier costs) for operating these flights plus a variable rate adjustment based on agreed performance metrics, subject to annual adjustments. The 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 regional aircraft as of December 31, 2022, and the CPAs have terms expiring through 2036. Aircraft operated under CPAs include aircraft leased directly from the regional carriers and those owned by United and operated by the regional carriers. See Part I, Item 2. Properties, of this report for additional information. 
 United recorded approximately billion, billion and billion in expenses related to its CPAs with its regional carriers in which United is a minority shareholder, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. United had notes receivables with carrying values of million and million due from these companies, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were no accounts payable due to these companies as of December 31, 2022 and million in accounts payable due to these companies as of December 31, 2021. The CPAs with these related parties were executed in the ordinary course of business. 
 In 2022, United entered into an amended CPA with Mesa to operate, starting in 2023, up to CRJ-900 aircraft with a term, dependent upon the number of Embraer E175 aircraft that Mesa is flying on United's behalf. Additionally in 2022, United amended a majority of its CPA agreements to increase the contractually agreed fees (carrier costs) paid to its regional carriers. The Company plans to wind down its CPA with Air Wisconsin in 2023. 
 Our future commitments under our CPAs are dependent on numerous variables, and are, therefore, difficult to predict. The most important of these variables is the number of scheduled block hours. Although we are not required to purchase a minimum number of block hours under certain of our CPAs, we have set forth below estimates of our future payments under the CPAs based on our assumptions. The actual amounts we pay to our regional operators under CPAs could differ materially from these estimates. United's estimates of its future payments under all of the CPAs do not include the portion of the underlying obligation for any aircraft leased to a regional carrier or deemed to be leased from other regional carriers and facility rent that are disclosed as part of operating leases above. For purposes of calculating these estimates, we have assumed (1) the number of block hours flown is based on our anticipated level of flight activity or at any contractual minimum utilization levels if applicable, whichever is higher, (2) that we will reduce the fleet as rapidly as contractually allowed under each CPA, (3) that aircraft utilization, stage length and load factors will remain constant, (4) that each carrier's operational performance will remain at recent historic levels and (5) an annual projected inflation rate. These amounts exclude variable pass-through costs such as fuel and landing fees, among others. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 

NOTE 11 - 
 billion of tax-exempt special facilities revenue bonds and interest thereon as of December 
 93 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 12 - 
 
 737 MAX A321neo A321XLR A350 (a) United also has options and purchase rights for additional aircraft. 
 
 The aircraft listed in the table above are scheduled for delivery through 2033. The amount and timing of the Company's future capital commitments could change to the extent that: (i) the Company and the aircraft manufacturers, with whom the Company has existing orders for new aircraft, agree to modify the contracts governing those orders; (ii) rights are exercised pursuant to the relevant agreements to modify the timing of deliveries; or (iii) the aircraft manufacturers are unable to deliver in accordance with the terms of those orders. Airbus notified United that Airbus A321neo aircraft scheduled for delivery in 2023, as shown in the table above, are now expected to deliver in 2024, and Boeing notified United that Boeing 737 MAX aircraft scheduled for delivery in 2023, as shown in the table above, are now expected to deliver in 2024. Also, United estimates that an additional Boeing 737 MAX aircraft scheduled for delivery in 2023, as shown in the table above, will deliver in 2024. 
 In December 2022, the Company entered into a confidential settlement with Boeing with respect to compensation for aircraft manufacturer delivery delays in 2020 through 2022 related to Boeing 787 aircraft. The compensation is in the form of credit memos to be issued at future dates upon the satisfaction of certain conditions. The Company is accounting for this settlement as a reduction to the cost basis of certain existing and future firm order Boeing 787 aircraft, which is expected to reduce future depreciation expense associated with these aircraft. 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 
 Legal and Environmental. The Company has certain contingencies resulting from litigation and claims incident to the ordinary course of business. As of December 31, 2022, management believes, after considering a number of factors, including (but not limited to) the information currently available, the views of legal counsel, the nature of contingencies to which the Company is subject and prior experience, that its defenses and assertions in pending legal proceedings have merit and t he ultimate disposition of any pending matter will not materially affect the Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows. The Company records liabilities for legal and environmental claims when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable. These amounts are recorded based on the Company's assessments of the likelihood of their eventual disposition. 
 During 2022, the Company recorded charges of million as a result of a number of recent decisions that appear to impact the Company's ability to successfully assert, in certain cases, that federal law preempts state and local laws that conflict with union contracts and/or federal requirements. 
 Guarantees and Indemnifications. In the normal course of business, the Company enters into numerous real estate leasing and aircraft financing arrangements that have various guarantees included in the contracts. These guarantees are primarily in the form of indemnities under which the Company typically indemnifies the lessors and any tax/financing parties against liabilities that arise out of or relate to the use, operation or maintenance of the leased premises or financed aircraft. Currently, the Company believes that any future payments required under these guarantees or indemnities would be immaterial, as most liabilities and related indemnities are covered by insurance (subject to deductibles). Additionally, certain real estate leases include indemnities for any environmental liability that may arise out of or relate to the use of the leased premises. 
 As of December 31, 2022, United is the guarantor of approximately billion in aggregate principal amount of tax-exempt special facilities revenue bonds and interest thereon. These bonds, issued by various airport municipalities, are payable solely from rentals paid under long-term agreements with the respective governing bodies. The leasing arrangements associated with these obligations are accounted for as operating leases recognized on the Company's consolidated balance sheet with the associated expense recorded on a straight-line basis over the expected lease term. The obligations associated with these tax-exempt special facilities revenue bonds are included in our lease commitments disclosed in Note 10 of this report. All of these bonds are due between 2023 and 2041. 
 As of December 31, 2022, United is the guarantor of million of aircraft mortgage debt issued by one of United's regional carriers. The aircraft mortgage debt is subject to similar increased cost provisions as described below for the Company's debt, and the Company would potentially be responsible for those costs under the guarantees. 
 As of December 31, 2022, United had million of surety bonds securing various insurance related obligations with expiration dates through 2027. 
 Increased Cost Provisions. In United's financing transactions that include loans in which United is the borrower, United typically agrees to reimburse lenders for any reduced returns with respect to the loans due to any change in capital requirements and, in the case of loans with respect to which the interest rate is based on LIBOR or SOFR, for certain other increased costs that the lenders incur in carrying these loans as a result of any change in law, subject, in most cases, to obligations of the lenders to take certain limited steps to mitigate the requirement for, or the amount of, such increased costs. At December 31, 2022, the Company had billion of floating rate debt with remaining terms of up to years that are subject to these increased cost provisions. In several financing transactions involving loans or leases from non-U.S. entities, with remaining terms of up to years and an aggregate balance of billion, the Company bears the risk of any change in tax laws that would subject loan or lease payments thereunder to non-U.S. entities to withholding taxes, subject to customary exclusions. 
 Fuel Consortia. United participates in numerous fuel consortia with other air carriers at major airports to reduce the costs of fuel distribution and storage. Interline agreements govern the rights and responsibilities of the consortia members and provide for the allocation of the overall costs to operate the consortia based on usage. The consortia (and in limited cases, the participating carriers) have entered into long-term agreements to lease certain airport fuel storage and distribution facilities that 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 billion principal amount of such bonds was secured by significant fuel facility leases in which United participates, as to which United and each of the signatory airlines has provided indirect guarantees of the debt. As of December 31, 2022, the Company's contingent exposure was approximately million principal amount of such bonds based on its recent consortia participation. The Company's contingent exposure could increase if the participation of other air carriers decreases. The guarantees will expire when the tax-exempt bonds are paid in full, which ranges from 2023 to 2056. The Company concluded it was not necessary to record a liability for these indirect guarantees. 
 Regional Capacity Purchase. As of December 31, 2022, United had call options to purchase regional jet aircraft being operated by certain of its regional carriers with contract dates extending until 2029. These call options are exercisable upon wrongful termination or breach of contract, among other conditions. 
 Credit Card Processing Agreements. The Company has agreements with financial institutions that process customer credit card transactions for the sale of air travel and other services. Under certain of the Company's credit card processing agreements, the financial institutions in certain circumstances have the right to require that the Company maintain a reserve equal to a portion of advance ticket sales that has been processed by that financial institution, but for which the Company has not yet provided the air transportation. Such financial institutions may require additional cash or other collateral reserves to be established or additional withholding of payments related to receivables collected if the Company does not maintain certain minimum levels of unrestricted cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments (collectively, "Unrestricted Liquidity"). The Company's current level of Unrestricted Liquidity is substantially in excess of these minimum levels. 
 Labor Negotiations. As of December 31, 2022, United, including its subsidiaries, had approximately employees. Approximately of United's employees were represented by various U.S. labor organizations. In November 2022, United dispatchers represented by the Professional Airline Flight Control Association voted to ratify a contract extension. Also, in January 2023, United and the International Brotherhood of Teamsters ratified an extension to its labor contract covering the Company's more than technicians and related employees. The agreement becomes amendable in December 2024 and includes a early opener that allows for bargaining on a successor agreement to begin in December 2023. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 13 - 
 ) ) Severance and benefit costs Impairment of assets (Gains) losses on sale of assets and other special charges Total operating special charges (credits) ) ) Nonoperating unrealized (gains) losses on investments, net ) Nonoperating debt extinguishment and modification fees Nonoperating special termination benefits and settlement losses Nonoperating credit loss on BRW Term Loan and related guarantee Total nonoperating special charges and unrealized (gains) losses on investments, net ) Total operating and nonoperating special charges (credits) and unrealized (gains) losses on investments, net ) ) Income tax expense (benefit), net of valuation allowance ) Total operating and nonoperating special charges (credits) and unrealized (gains) losses on investments, net of income taxes ) ) 
 2022 
 (Gains) losses on sale of assets and other special charges. During 2022, the Company recorded million of net charges primarily comprised of million for various legal matters and million related to certain contract disputes. See Note 12 of this report for a discussion of the legal matters. 
 Nonoperating unrealized (gains) losses on investments, net. During 2022, the Company recorded gains of million primarily for the change in the market value of its investments in equity securities. 
 Nonoperating debt extinguishment and modification fees . During 2022, the Company recorded million of charges primarily related to the early redemption of million of its outstanding principal amount of the senior notes due 2022. 
 2021 
 CARES Act grant. During 2021, the Company received approximately billion in funding pursuant to the Payroll Support Program agreements under the CARES Act (the "PSP2 and PSP3 Agreements"), which included approximately billion aggregate principal amount of unsecured promissory notes . The Company recorded billion as grant income in Special charges (credits). The Company also recorded million for the PSP2 Warrants and PSP3 Warrants issued to Treasury as part of the PSP2 and PSP3 Agreements, within stockholders' equity, as an offset to the grant income. 
 Severance and benefit costs . During 2021, the Company recorded million of charges related to pay continuation and benefits-related costs provided to employees who chose to voluntarily separate from the Company. The Company offered, based on employee group, age and completed years of service, pay continuation, health care coverage, and travel privileges. Approximately employees elected to voluntarily separate from the Company. 
 Impairment of assets . During 2021, the Company recorded the following impairment charges: 
 million, primarily comprised of impairment charges for Airbus A319 aircraft and Boeing 737-700 airframes as a result of the then-current market conditions for used aircraft, along with charges for cancelled induction projects related to these aircraft. 
 million of impairments related to Embraer EMB 145LR aircraft and related spare engines that United retired from its regional fleet. The decision to retire these aircraft was triggered by the United Next aircraft order. 
 (Gains) losses on sale of assets and other special charges. During 2021, the Company recorded net charges of million primarily related to a one-time bonus paid to employees for their continued efforts during the COVID-19 pandemic, incentives 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 million primarily for the change in the market value of its investments in equity securities. 
 Nonoperating debt extinguishment and modification fees. During 2021, the Company recorded million of charges for fees and discounts related to the issuance of a new term loan and revolving credit facility and the prepayment of a CARES Act loan and a 2017 term loan and revolving credit facility. 
 Nonoperating special termination benefits and settlement losses. During 2021, as part of the first quarter voluntary leave programs, the Company recorded million of special termination benefits in the form of additional subsidies for retiree medical costs for certain U.S.-based front-line employees. The subsidies were in the form of a one-time contribution to a notional Retiree Health Account of for full-time employees and for part-time employees. See Note 7 of this report for additional information. 
 2020 
 CARES Act grant. During 2020, the Company received approximately billion in funding pursuant to the Payroll Support Program under the CARES Act, which consisted of a billion grant and a billion unsecured loan. The Company recorded billion as grant income in Special charges (credits). The Company also recorded million for warrants issued to Treasury, within stockholders' equity, as an offset to the grant income. 
 Severance and benefit costs . During 2020, the Company recorded million related to its workforce reduction and voluntary plans for employee severance, pay continuance from voluntary retirements and benefits-related costs. 
 Impairment of assets . During 2020, the Company recorded the following impairment charges: 
 million for its China routes which were primarily caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company's subsequent suspension of flights to China and a further delay in the expected return of full capacity to the China markets. 
 million related to permanently-grounded Boeing 757-200 aircraft and the related engines and spare parts. 
 million related to the right-of-use assets associated with the embedded aircraft leases in one of the Company's CPAs. This impairment was primarily due to the impact to cash flows from the pandemic and the relatively short remaining term under the CPA. 
 million related to various cancelled facility, aircraft induction and information technology capital projects. The decisions driving these impairments were the result of the COVID-19 pandemic's impact on the Company's operations. 
 (Gains) losses on sale of assets and other special charges. During 2020, the Company recorded losses on certain asset sales and charges for legal reserves, partially offset by gains on aircraft sale-leaseback transactions. 
 Nonoperating unrealized gains (losses) on investments, net. During 2020, the Company recorded losses of million primarily for changes in the fair value of its investments in equity securities. 
 Nonoperating special termination benefits and settlement losses. During 2020, the Company recorded million of settlement losses related to the Company's primary defined benefit pension plan covering certain U.S. non-pilot employees, and special termination benefits offered, under voluntary leave programs. See Note 7 of this report for additional information. 
 Nonoperating credit loss on BRW Term Loan and related guarantee. During 2020, the Company recorded a million expected credit loss allowance for the Company's Term Loan Agreement (the "BRW Term Loan"), with, among others, BRW Aviation Holding LLC and BRW Aviation LLC, and the related guarantee. 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Control and Procedures 
 UAL and United each maintain controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted by UAL and United to the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified by the SEC's rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to management including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The management of UAL and United, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, performed an evaluation to conclude with reasonable assurance that UAL's and United's disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ("Exchange Act") were designed and operating effectively to report the information each company is required to disclose in the reports they file with the SEC on a timely basis. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of UAL and United have concluded that as of December 31, 2022, disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 Management's Reports on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 UAL and United Management's Reports on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting are included herein. 
 Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the Company's financial statements included in this Form 10-K and issued its report on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which is included herein. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting during the Quarter Ended December 31, 2022 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, there was no change in UAL's or United's internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, their internal control over financial reporting. 
 99 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of United Airlines Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited United Airlines Holdings, Inc.'s (the "Company") internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the "COSO criteria"). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB"), the 2022 consolidated financial statements and our report dated February 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management's Reports on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ 

February 16, 2023 

100 

Table of Contents 

United Airlines Holdings, Inc. Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 February 16, 2023 
 To the Stockholders of United Airlines Holdings, Inc. 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 The management of United Airlines Holdings, Inc. ("UAL") is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the design and operating effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the framework set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework) issued by the Committee of the Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP, who audited UAL's consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K, has issued a report on UAL's internal control over financial reporting, which is included herein. 
 
 United Airlines, Inc. Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 February 16, 2023 
 To the Stockholder of United Airlines, Inc. 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 The management of United Airlines, Inc. ("United") is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). United's internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, United's internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including United's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, United conducted an evaluation of the design and operating effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the framework set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework) issued by the Committee of the Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, United's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of United's registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by United's registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit United to provide only management's report in this annual report. 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 Reference is made to the 2023 Proxy Statement with respect to information about UAL's directors and corporate governance, which is incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof in response to the information required by Item 10 with respect to UAL. 
 The information required by Item 10 with respect to UAL's and United's executive officers has been included in Part I of this Form 10-K under the caption "Information about Our Executive Officers" and is incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof in response to the information required by Item 10 with respect to UAL. 
 Reference is made to the 2023 Proxy Statement with respect to UAL's non-compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, if applicable, which is incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof in response to the information required by Item 10 with respect to UAL. 
 Code of Ethics. The Company has a code of ethics, the "Code of Ethics and Business Conduct," for its directors, officers and employees. The code serves as a "Code of Ethics" as defined by SEC regulations, and as a "Code of Conduct" under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5610. The code is available on the Company's investor relations website at ir.united.com. Waivers granted to certain officers from compliance with or future amendments to the code will be disclosed on the Company's investor relations website in accordance with Item 5.05 of Form 8-K. 
 Information required by this item with respect to United is omitted pursuant to General Instruction I(2)(c) of Form 10-K. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 Reference is made to the 2023 Proxy Statement with respect to information about UAL's executive and director compensation and certain related matters, which is incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof in response to the information required by Item 11 with respect to UAL. 
 Information required by this item with respect to United is omitted pursuant to General Instruction I(2)(c) of Form 10-K. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 Reference is made to the 2023 Proxy Statement with respect to the security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and certain equity compensation plan information, which is incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof in response to the information required by Item 12 with respect to UAL. 
 Information required by this item with respect to United is omitted pursuant to General Instruction I(2)(c) of Form 10-K. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 Reference is made to the 2023 Proxy Statement with respect to information about certain relationships and related transactions and director independence, which is incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof in response to the information required by Item 13 with respect to UAL. 
 Information required by this item with respect to United is omitted pursuant to General Instruction I(2)(c) of Form 10-K. 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 
 The Audit Committee of the UAL Board of Directors (the "Audit Committee") has adopted a policy on pre-approval of services of the Company's independent registered public accounting firm. As a wholly-owned subsidiary of UAL, United's audit services are determined by UAL. The policy provides that the Audit Committee shall pre-approve all audit and non-audit services to be provided to UAL and its subsidiaries and affiliates by its independent auditors. The process by which this is carried out is as follows: 
 For recurring services, the Audit Committee reviews and pre-approves the independent registered public accounting firm's annual audit services in conjunction with the annual appointment of the outside auditors. The reviewed materials include a description of the services along with related fees. The Audit Committee also reviews and pre-approves other classes of recurring services along with fee thresholds for pre-approved services. In the event that the additional services are required prior to the next scheduled Audit Committee meeting, pre-approvals of additional services follow the process described below. 
 Any requests for audit, audit-related, tax and other services not contemplated with the recurring services approval described above must be submitted to the Audit Committee for specific pre-approval and services cannot commence until such approval has been granted. Normally, pre-approval is provided at regularly scheduled meetings. However, the authority to grant specific preapproval between meetings, as necessary, has been delegated to the Chair of the Audit Committee. The Chair must update the Audit Committee at the next regularly scheduled meeting of any services that were granted specific pre-approval. 
 On a periodic basis, the Audit Committee reviews the status of services and fees incurred year-to-date and a list of newly pre-approved services since its last regularly scheduled meeting. The Audit Committee has considered whether the 2022 and 2021 non-audit services provided by Ernst Young LLP (PCAOB ID No. ), the Company's independent registered public accounting firm, are compatible with maintaining auditor independence and concluded that such services were compatible with maintaining Ernst Young LLP's independence. 
 All of the services in 2022 and 2021 under the Audit Fees, Audit Related Fees, Tax Fees and All Other Fees categories below have been approved by the Audit Committee pursuant to paragraph (c)(7) of Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X of the Exchange Act. 
 The aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by the Company's independent auditors in 2022 and 2021 are as follows (in thousands): 
 Service 2022 2021 Audit Fees 4,315 4,477 Audit-Related Fees 50 Tax Fees 138 37 Total Fees 4,503 4,514 
 Audit Fees. For 2022 and 2021, audit fees consist primarily of the audit and quarterly reviews of the consolidated financial statements and the audit of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Audit fees also include the audit of the consolidated financial statements of United Airlines, attestation services required by statute or regulation, comfort letters, consents, assistance with and review of documents filed with the SEC, and accounting and financial reporting consultations and research work necessary to comply with generally accepted auditing standards. 
 Audit-Related Fees. For 2022, fees for audit-related services primarily consisted of assessments of climate-related disclosures. 
 Tax Fees. Tax fees for 2022 and 2021 relate to professional services provided for research and consultations regarding tax accounting and tax compliance matters and review of U.S. and international tax impacts of certain transactions, exclusive of tax services rendered in connection with the audit. 

103 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 (a) List of documents filed as part of this report: (1) Financial Statements . The financial statements required by this item are listed in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data herein. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules. The financial statement schedule required by this item is listed below and included in this report after the signature page hereto. 
 
 Schedule II-Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not required or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. (b) Exhibits. The exhibits required by this item are provided in the Exhibit Index. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 
 
 None. 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit No. Registrant Exhibit Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 3.1 UAL Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of United Airlines Holdings, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to UAL's Form 8-K filed June 27, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.2 UAL Amended and Restated Bylaws of United Airlines Holdings, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3. 1 to UAL's Form 8-K filed September 23, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.3 UAL Certificate of Designation of the Series A Junior Participating Serial Preferred Stock of United Airlines Holdings, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to UAL's Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed December 7, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.4 United Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to UAL's Form 8-K filed April 3, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.5 United Amended and Restated By-laws of United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to UAL's Form 8-K filed April 3, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 Instruments Defining Rights of Security Holders, Including Indentures 4.1 UAL United Indenture, dated as of May 7, 2013, among United Continental Holdings, Inc., United Airlines, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to UAL's Form 8-K filed on May 10, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.2 UAL United Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 26, 2017, among United Continental Holdings, Inc., United Airlines, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, providing for the issuance of 5.000 Senior Notes due 2024 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to UAL's Form 8-K filed January 27, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 4.3 UAL United Form of 5.000 Senior Notes due 2024 (filed as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.2 to UAL's Form 8-K filed January 27, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.4 UAL United Form of Notation of Note Guarantee (filed as Exhibit B to Exhibit 4.2 to UAL's Form 8-K filed January 27, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.5 UAL United Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 29, 2017, among United Continental Holdings, Inc., United Airlines, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, providing for the issuance of 4.250 Senior Notes due 2022 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to UAL's Form 8-K filed October 4, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.6 UAL United Form of 4.250 Senior Notes due 2022 (filed as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.2 to UAL's Form 8-K filed October 4, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.7 UAL United Form of Notation of Note Guarantee (filed as Exhibit B to Exhibit 4.2 to UAL's Form 8-K filed October 4, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.8 UAL United Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 9, 2019, among United Continental Holdings, Inc., United Airlines, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to UAL's Form 8-K filed May 10, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.9 UAL United Form of 4.875 Senior Notes due 2025 (filed as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.2 to UAL's Form 8-K filed May 10, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.10 UAL United Form of Notation of Note Guarantee (filed as Exhibit B to Exhibit 4.2 to UAL's Form 8-K filed May 10, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.11 UAL United Promissory Note, dated as of April 20, 2020, among United Airlines Holdings, Inc., United Airlines, Inc., as guarantor, and the United States Department of the Treasury (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to UAL's Form 8-K filed April 23, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.12 UAL Warrant Agreement (including Form of Warrant), dated as of April 20, 2020, between United Airlines Holdings, Inc. and the United States Department of the Treasury (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to UAL's Form 8-K filed April 23, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.13 UAL United Indenture (including Form of 6.50 Senior Secured Notes due 2027), dated as of July 2, 2020, by and among Mileage Plus Holdings, LLC, Mileage Plus Intellectual Property Assets, Ltd., the guarantors named therein and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee and collateral custodian, governing the 6.50 Senior Secured Notes due 2027 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to UAL's Form 8-K filed July 2, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.14 UAL United Warrant Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2020, between United Airlines Holdings, Inc. and The United States Department of the Treasury (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to UAL's Form 8-K filed September 30, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.15 UAL Form of Warrant (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to UAL's Form 8-K filed September 30, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.16 UAL Tax Benefits Preservation Plan, dated as of December 4, 2020, by and between United Airlines Holdings, Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as rights agent (which includes the Form of Rights Certificate as Exhibit B thereto) (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to UAL's Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed December 7, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.17 UAL Amendment No. 1 to Tax Benefits Preservation Plan (filed as Exhibit 4.18 to UAL's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 4.18 UAL United Promissory Note, dated as of January 15, 2021, among United Airlines Holdings, Inc., United Airlines, Inc., as guarantor, and the United States Department of the Treasury (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to UAL's Form 8-K filed January 20, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.19 UAL Warrant Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2021, between United Airlines Holdings, Inc. and the United States Department of the Treasury (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to UAL's Form 8-K filed January 20, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.20 UAL Form of Warrant (filed as Annex B to Exhibit 4.2 to UAL's Form 8-K filed January 20, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.21 UAL United Indenture, dated as of April 21, 2021, among United Airlines, Inc., United Airlines Holdings, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee and as collateral trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to UAL's Form 8-K filed April 22, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.22 UAL United Form of 4.375 Senior Secured Notes due 2026 (filed as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.1 to UAL's Form 8-K filed April 22, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.23 UAL United Form of Notation of Guarantee (filed as Exhibit E to Exhibit 4.1 to UAL's Form 8-K filed April 22, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.24 UAL United Form of 4.625 Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (filed as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.1 to UAL's Form 8-K filed April 22, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.25 UAL United Form of Notation of Guarantee (filed as Exhibit E to Exhibit 4.1 to UAL's Form 8-K filed April 22, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.26 UAL United Promissory Note, dated as of April 29, 2021, among United Airlines Holdings, Inc., United Airlines, Inc., as guarantor, and the United States Department of the Treasury (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to UAL's Form 8-K filed April 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.27 UAL Warrant Agreement, dated as of April 29, 2021, between United Airlines Holdings, Inc. and the United States Department of the Treasury (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to UAL's Form 8-K filed April 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.28 UAL Form of Warrant (filed as Annex B to Exhibit 4.2 to UAL's Form 8-K filed April 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.29 UAL United Description of the Registrant's Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 Material Contracts 10.1 UAL Agreement, dated April 19, 2016, by and among PAR Capital Management, Inc., Altimeter Capital Management, LP, United Continental Holdings, Inc. and the other signatories listed on the signature page thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL's Form 8-K filed April 20, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.2 UAL United Airlines Holdings, Inc. Profit Sharing Plan (amended and restated effective January 1, 2019) (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to UAL's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 10.3 UAL United SERP Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2010, by and among United Continental Holdings, Inc., Continental Airlines, Inc. and Gerald Laderman (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.4 UAL United Stock Option Award Notice, dated as of December 4, 2019, to J. Scott Kirby pursuant to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2017 Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to UAL's Form 8-K filed December 6, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.5 UAL Form of Stock Option Award Notice pursuant to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.6 UAL Description of Benefits for Officers of United Airlines Holdings, Inc. and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.11 to UAL's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.7 UAL United Continental Holdings, Inc. Officer Travel Policy (filed as Exhibit 10.24 to UAL's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.8 UAL United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Annex A to UAL's Definitive Proxy Statement filed April 26, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference) (now named the United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan) 
 10.9 UAL First Amendment to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan (changing the name to United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan) (filed as Annex A to UAL's Definitive Proxy Statement filed April 26, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.10 UAL Second Amendment to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.19 to UAL's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.11 UAL United Air Lines, Inc. Management Cash Direct Cash Match Program (amended and restated effective January 1, 2016) (filed as Exhibit 10.28 to UAL's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.12 UAL United Continental Holdings, Inc. Executive Severance Plan (effective October 1, 2014) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL's Form 8-K filed June 20, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.13 UAL United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2017 Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL's Form 8-K filed May 30, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.14 UAL Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice pursuant to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2017 Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.15 UAL Form of Stock Option Award Notice pursuant to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2017 Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.16 UAL United Continental Holdings, Inc. Performance-Based RSU Program (adopted pursuant to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2017 Incentive Compensation Plan) (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 10.17 UAL First Amendment to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. Performance-Based RSU Program (adopted pursuant to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2017 Incentive Compensation Plan) (filed as Exhibit 10.34 to UAL's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.18 UAL Form of Performance-Based RSU Award Notice pursuant to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. Performance-Based RSU Program (Relative Pre-tax Margin awards) (stock settled form of award) (filed as Exhibit 10.35 to UAL's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.19 UAL Form of Performance-Based RSU Award Notice pursuant to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. Performance-Based RSU Program (for performance periods beginning on or after January 1, 2020) (filed as Exhibit 10.35 to UAL's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.20 UAL Form of Performance-Based RSU Award Notice (adopted pursuant to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2017 Incentive Compensation Plan) (filed as Exhibit 10.22 to UAL's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.21 UAL Form of Long-term Contingent Cash Award Notice (filed as Exhibit 10.23 to UAL's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.22 UAL Description of Compensation and Benefits for United Airlines Holdings, Inc. Non-Employee Directors (filed as Exhibit 10.36 to UAL's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.23 UAL United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2006 Director Equity Incentive Plan (as amended and restated, effective February 20, 2014) (filed as Annex A to UAL's Definitive Proxy Statement filed April 25, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.24 UAL First Amendment to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2006 Director Equity Incentive Plan (as amended and restated on February 20, 2014) (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.25 UAL Form of Share Unit Award Notice pursuant to the United Continental Holdings, Inc. 2006 Director Equity Incentive Plan (for awards granted on or after June 2011) (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.26 UAL United Airlines Holdings, Inc. Amended and Restated 2021 Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL's Form 8-K filed May 28, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.27 UAL Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice pursuant to the 2021 Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.16 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.28 UAL Form of Performance-Based RSU Award Notice pursuant to the 2021 Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.17 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.29 UAL Form of Short-term Incentive Award Notice pursuant to the United Airlines Holdings, Inc. 2021 Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.30 UAL Form of Performance-Based RSU Award Notice pursuant to the United Airlines Holdings, Inc. 2021 Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 10.31 UAL Form of Cash Transformation Incentive Award Notice pursuant to the United Airlines Holdings, Inc. 2021 Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.32 UAL United Amended and Restated A350-900 Purchase Agreement, dated September 1, 2017, including letter agreements related thereto, between Airbus S.A.S. and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.33 UAL United Amendment No. 1, dated as of July 18, 2019, to the Amended and Restated A350-900 Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2017, including letter agreements related thereto, between Airbus S.A.S. and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.34 UAL United Amendment No. 2, dated as of December 3, 2019, to the Amended and Restated A350-900 Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2017, including letter agreements related thereto, between Airbus S.A.S. and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.42 to UAL's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.35 UAL United Amendment No. 3, dated as of December 8, 2022, to the Amended and Restated A350-900 Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2017, including letter agreements related thereto, between Airbus S.A.S. and United Airlines, Inc. 
 10.36 UAL United Aircraft General Terms Agreement, dated October 10, 1997, by and among Continental Airlines, Inc. and The Boeing Company (filed as Exhibit 10.15 to UAL's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1997 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.37 UAL United Purchase Agreement No. PA-03776, dated July 12, 2012, between The Boeing Company and United Continental Holdings, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.38 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 1 to Purchase Agreement No. 03776, dated June 17, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.39 UAL United Purchase Agreement Assignment to Purchase Agreement No. 03776, dated October 23, 2013, between United Continental Holdings, Inc. and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.40 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 2 to Purchase Agreement No. 03776, dated January 14, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.41 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 3 to Purchase Agreement No. 03776, dated May 26, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.42 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 4 to Purchase Agreement No. 03776, dated June 12, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.43 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 5 to Purchase Agreement No. 03776, dated January 20, 2016, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 10.44 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 6 to Purchase Agreement No. 03776, dated February 8, 2016, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.45 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 7 to Purchase Agreement No. 03776, dated December 27, 2016, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.183 to UAL's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.46 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 8, including exhibits and side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 03776, dated June 7, 2017, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.47 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 9, including exhibits and side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 03776, dated June 15, 2017, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.48 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 10, including exhibits and side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 03776, dated as of May 15, 2018, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.49 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 11, including exhibits and side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 03776, dated as of September 25, 2018, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.50 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 12, including exhibits and side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 03776, dated as of December 12, 2018, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.152 to UAL's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.51 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 13 to Purchase Agreement No. 03776, dated as of March 20, 2020, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.52 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 14 to Purchase Agreement No. 03776, dated as of June 30, 2020, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.53 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 15 to Purchase Agreement No. 03776, dated as of February 26, 2021, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.54 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 16 to Purchase Agreement No. 03776, dated as of June 27, 2021, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.55 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 17 to Purchase Agreement No. 03776, dated as of August 12, 2021, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.56 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 18 to Purchase Agreement No. 03776, dated as of September 8, 2021, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 10.57 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 19 to Purchase Agreement No. 03776, dated as of November 30, 2021, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.53 to UAL's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.58 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 20 to Purchase Agreement No. 03776, dated as of June 30, 2022, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.59 UAL United Letter Agreement No. 6-1162-KKT-080R2, dated as of December 12, 2022, among The Boeing Company, United Airlines Holdings, Inc. and United Airlines, Inc. 
 10.60 UAL United Purchase Agreement No. 3860, dated September 27, 2012, between The Boeing Company and United Air Lines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.61 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 1 to Purchase Agreement No. 3860, dated June 17, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.62 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 2 to Purchase Agreement No. 3860, dated December 16, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.63 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 3 to Purchase Agreement No. 3860, dated as of July 22, 2014 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.64 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 4 to Purchase Agreement No. 3860, dated as of January 14, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.65 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 5 to Purchase Agreement No. 3860, dated as of April 30, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.66 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 6 to Purchase Agreement No. 3860, dated as of December 31, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.178 to UAL's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.67 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 7 to Purchase Agreement No. 3860, dated March 7, 2016, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.68 UAL United Letter Agreement to Purchase Agreement No. 3860, dated May 5, 2016, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.69 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 8, including exhibits and side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 3860, Dated June 15, 2017, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.70 UAL United Letter Agreement No. UAL-LA-1604287 to Purchase Agreement Nos. 3776, 3784 and 3860, dated December 27, 2016, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.194 to UAL's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 10.71 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 9, including exhibits and side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 3860, dated as of May 31, 2018, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.72 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 10, including exhibits and side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 3860, dated as of November 1, 2018, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.166 to UAL's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.73 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 11, including exhibits and side letters, to Purchase Agreement No. 3860, dated as of December 12, 2018, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.167 to UAL's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.74 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 12 to Purchase Agreement No. 3860, dated as of February 26, 2021, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.75 UAL United A320 Family Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 3, 2019, between Airbus S.A.S. and United Airlines, Inc. including letter agreements related thereto, and subsequent letter agreements related thereto dated February 20, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.76 UAL United Amendment No. 1 to the A320 Family Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 3, 2020, between Airbus S.A.S. and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.77 UAL United Amendment No. 2 to the A320 Family Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2021, between Airbus S.A.S. and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.78 UAL United Amendment No. 3 to the A320 Family Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 29, 2021, between Airbus S.A.S. and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.73 to UAL's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference 
 10.79 UAL United Purchase Agreement No. 04761, dated as of May 15, 2018, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.80 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 1 to Purchase Agreement No. 04761, dated as of September 25, 2018, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.81 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 2 to Purchase Agreement No. 04761, dated as of December 12, 2018, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.82 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 3 to Purchase Agreement No. 04761, dated as of March 20, 2020, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.83 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 4 to Purchase Agreement No. 04761, dated as of June 30, 2020, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.84 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 5 to Purchase Agreement No. 04761, dated as of February 26, 2021, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.10 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 10.85 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 6 to Purchase Agreement No. 04761, dated as of June 27, 2021, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.11 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.86 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 7 to Purchase Agreement No. 04761, dated as of August 12, 2021, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.87 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 8 to Purchase Agreement No. 04761, dated as of September 8, 2021, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.88 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 9 to Purchase Agreement No. 04761, dated as of November 30, 2021, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines filed as Exhibit 10.83 to UAL's Form 10-K fo r the year ended December 31, 2 021 and inc orporated herein by reference 
 10.89 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 10 to Purchase Agreement No. 04761, dated as of June 30, 2022, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.90 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 11 to Purchase Agreement Number 04761, dated as of November 29, 2022, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. 
 10.91 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 12 to Purchase Agreement No. 04761, dated as of December 12, 2022, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. 
 10.92 UAL United Purchase Agreement No. 04815, dated as of May 31, 2018, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. 
 10.93 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 1 to Purchase Agreement Number 04815, dated as of September 25, 2018, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. 
 10.94 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 2 to Purchase Agreement Number 04815, dated as of November 1, 2018, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. 
 10.95 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 3 to Purchase Agreement Number 04815, dated as of December 12, 2018, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. 
 10.96 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 4 to Purchase Agreement Number 04815, dated as of April 26, 2019, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. 
 10.97 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 5 to Purchase Agreement Number 04815, dated as of October 31, 2019, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. 
 10.98 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 6 to Purchase Agreement Number 04815, dated as of February 7, 2020, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. 
 10.99 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 7 to Purchase Agreement Number 04815, dated as of March 20, 2020, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. 
 10.100 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 8 to Purchase Agreement Number 04815, dated as of June 30, 2020, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. 
 10.101 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 9 to Purchase Agreement Number 04815, dated as of February 26, 2021, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. 
 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 10.102 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 10 to Purchase Agreement Number 04815, dated as of August 25, 2022, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. 
 10.103 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 11 to Purchase Agreement Number 04815, dated as of September 27, 2022, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. 
 10.104 UAL United Supplemental Agreement No. 12 to Purchase Agreement Number 04815, dated as of December 12, 2022, between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. 
 10.105 UAL United United Letter Agreement No. 22004762, dated as of December 12, 2022, to Purchase Agreement No. 03860, dated as of June 15, 2017, and Purchase Agreement No. 04815, dated as of May 31, 2018, between the Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. 
 10.106 UAL United United Letter Agreement No. 22004729, dated as of December 12, 2022, to Purchase Agreement No. 03860, dated as of June 15, 2017, Purchase Agreement No. 04815, dated as of May 31, 2018, and Purchase Agreement No. 02484, dated as of December 29, 2004, among The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. 
 10.107 UAL United Amended and Restated Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2017, among United Airlines, Inc., as borrower, United Continental Holdings, Inc., as parent and a guarantor, the subsidiaries of United Continental Holdings, Inc. from time to time party thereto other than the borrower party thereto from time to time, as guarantors, the lenders from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL's Form 8-K filed April 3, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.108 UAL United First Amendment, dated as of November 15, 2017, to Amended and Restated Credit Guaranty Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.219 to UAL's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.109 UAL United Second Amendment, dated as of May 16, 2018, to Amended and Restated Credit Guaranty Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.110 UAL United Payroll Support Program Agreement, dated as of April 20, 2020, between United Airlines, Inc. and the United States Department of the Treasury (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL's Form 8-K filed April 23, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.111 UAL United Credit Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2020, by and among Mileage Plus Holdings, LLC, Mileage Plus Intellectual Property Assets, Ltd., the guarantors named therein, the lenders named therein, the lead arrangers named therein, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as master collateral agent and collateral administrator (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL's Form 8-K filed July 2, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.112 UAL United Loan and Guarantee Agreement, among United, as borrower, United Airlines Holdings, Inc., as parent and guarantor, the subsidiaries of United Airlines Holdings, Inc. other than United Airlines, Inc. party thereto from time to time, as guarantors, The United States Department of the Treasury, as lender, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as administrative agent and collateral agent (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL's Form 8-K filed September 30, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.113 UAL United Restatement Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2020, to that certain Loan and Guarantee Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2020, among United Airlines, Inc., United Airlines Holdings, Inc., the guarantors party thereto from time to time, The United States Department of the Treasury, as initial lender, and the Bank of New York Mellon, as administrative agent and collateral agent (and including the Loan and Guarantee Agreement dated as of September 28, 2020, and as amended and restated as of November 6, 2020, among United Airlines, Inc., as Borrower, the guarantors party thereto from time to time, The United States Department of the Treasury and The Bank of New York Mellon, as administrative agent) (filed as Exhibit 10.73 to UAL's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 10.114 UAL United Second Amendment to Loan and Guarantee Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2020, to the Loan and Guarantee Agreement, among United Airlines, Inc., United Airlines Holdings, Inc., the guarantors party thereto, the United State Department of the Treasury, as initial lender and a lender, and The Bank of New York Treasury, as administrative agent (filed as Exhibit 10.74 to UAL's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.115 UAL United Payroll Support Program Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2021, between United Airlines, Inc. and the United States Department of the Treasury (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL's Form 8-K filed January 20, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.116 UAL United Equity Distribution Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2021, by and among United Airlines Holdings, Inc., Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, AmeriVet Securities, Inc., Barclays Capital Inc., BofA Securities, Inc., BBVA Securities Inc., BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Loop Capital Markets LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (filed as Exhibit 1.1 to UAL's Form 8-K filed March 3, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.117 UAL United Term Loan Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of April 21, 2021, among United Airlines, Inc., United Airlines Holdings, Inc., each of the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time party thereto, as lenders, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as collateral trustee (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL's Form 8-K filed April 22, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.118 UAL United Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of April 21, 2021, among United Airlines, Inc., United Airlines Holdings, Inc., each of the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time party thereto, as lenders, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as collateral trustee (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to UAL's Form 8-K filed April 22, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.119 UAL United Payroll Support Program 3 Agreement, dated as of April 29, 2021, between United Airlines, Inc. and the United States Department of the Treasury (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to UAL's Form 8-K filed April 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 List of Subsidiaries 21 UAL United List of United Airlines Holdings, Inc. and United Airlines, Inc. Subsidiaries 
 Consents of Experts and Counsel 23.1 UAL Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Ernst Young LLP) for United Airlines Holdings, Inc. 
 23.2 United Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Ernst Young LLP) for United Airlines, Inc. 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications 31.1 UAL Certification of the Principal Executive Officer of United Airlines Holdings, Inc. pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d) (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 31.2 UAL Certification of the Principal Financial Officer of United Airlines Holdings, Inc. pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d) (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 31.3 United Certification of the Principal Executive Officer of United Airlines, Inc. pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d) (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 31.4 United Certification of the Principal Financial Officer of United Airlines, Inc. pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d) (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 Section 1350 Certifications 32.1 UAL Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of United Airlines Holdings, Inc. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 32.2 United Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of United Airlines, Inc. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 Interactive Data File 101 UAL United The following financial statements from the combined Annual Report of UAL and United on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Statements of Consolidated Operations, (ii) Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows, (v) Statements of Consolidated Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) and (vi) Combined Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and including detailed tags. 
 104 UAL United Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 
 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. Pursuant to Item 601(b)(10), United is permitted to omit certain compensation-related exhibits from this report and therefore only UAL is identified as the registrant for purposes of those items. 
 Portions of the referenced exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b) of Regulation S-K. 
 Exhibits and schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K and will be furnished on a supplemental basis to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

116 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 UNITED AIRLINES HOLDINGS, INC. UNITED AIRLINES, INC. (Registrants) By: /s/ Gerald Laderman Gerald Laderman Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Date: February 16, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of United Airlines Holdings, Inc. and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 
 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 Signature Capacity /s/ J. Scott Kirby Chief Executive Officer, Director J. Scott Kirby (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Gerald Laderman Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Gerald Laderman (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Chris Kenny Vice President and Controller Chris Kenny (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Carolyn Corvi Director Carolyn Corvi /s/ Matthew Friend Director Matthew Friend /s/ Barney Harford Director Barney Harford /s/ Michele J. Hooper Director Michele J. Hooper /s/ Walter Isaacson Director Walter Isaacson 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 /s/ Richard Johnsen Director Richard Johnsen /s/ James A.C. Kennedy Director James A.C. Kennedy /s/ Edward M. Philip Director Edward M. Philip /s/ Edward L. Shapiro Director Edward L. Shapiro /s/ Garth Thompson Director Garth Thompson /s/ Laysha Ward Director Laysha Ward /s/ James M. Whitehurst Director James M. Whitehurst 

Date: February 16, 2023 

119 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of United Airlines, Inc. and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 
 Signature Capacity /s/ J. Scott Kirby Chief Executive Officer, Director J. Scott Kirby (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Gerald Laderman Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Director Gerald Laderman (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Chris Kenny Vice President and Controller Chris Kenny (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Brett J. Hart Director Brett J. Hart 
 Date: February 16, 2023 

120 

Table of Contents 

 2021 2020 Obsolescence allowance spare parts: 2022 2021 2020 Allowance for credit losses - notes receivable: 2022 ) 2021 2020 Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets: 2022 ) ) 2021 ) 2020 
 
 121 

<EX-4.29>
 2
 ual_12312210kex429.htm
 EX-4.29

Document 

Exhibit 4.29 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 United Airlines Holdings, Inc., UAL, we, us or our has two classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act our common stock, par value 0.01 per share Common Stock ), and the rights (each, a Right and, collectively, the Rights to purchase from UAL one one-thousandth of a share of Series A Junior Participating Serial Preferred Stock, without par value Series A Preferred Stock ). 
 
 UAL is authorized to issue up to 1,000,000,000 shares of Common Stock and 250,000,000 shares of preferred stock, without par value Serial Preferred Stock ). UAL is also authorized to issue and has issued one share of Class Pilot MEC Junior Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share, and one share of Class IAM Junior Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share. 
 
 The general terms and provisions of our Common Stock and Rights are summarized below. It may not contain all the information that is important to you. For additional information, you should refer to the provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation ), our Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws and the Tax Benefits Preservation Plan, dated as of December 4, 2020 and as amended on January 21, 2021 (the Tax Benefits Preservation Plan ), by and between UAL and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as rights agent (and any successor agent, the Rights Agent ), each of which is an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this description is an exhibit and is incorporated herein by reference. Please also refer to the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL for additional information. 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 
 Listing 
 
 Our Common Stock is listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol UAL. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 The holders of shares of Common Stock will be entitled to receive dividends, if and when declared payable, from time to time by the UAL board of directors (the Board ). 
 
 Liquidation 
 
 Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of UAL, after all securities ranking prior to the Common Stock, including any shares of UAL s Serial Preferred Stock, Class Pilot MEC Junior Preferred Stock and Class IAM Junior Preferred Stock, have been paid in full that to which they are entitled, the holders of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock will be entitled to receive, pro rata, the remaining assets of UAL available for distribution to its stockholders. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Each outstanding share of Common Stock will entitle the holder thereof to one vote on each matter submitted to a vote at a meeting of stockholders. At meetings of stockholders, holders of Common Stock vote together as a single class with holders of UAL s Class Pilot MEC Junior Preferred Stock and Class IAM Junior Preferred Stock on all matters except the election of directors to the Board. Except as otherwise required by the Certificate of Incorporation, each director shall be elected by vote of a majority of the votes cast with respect to that director s election. However, if the number of director nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected at any meeting of stockholders as of the date that is 10 days prior to the date UAL files its definitive proxy statement with the SEC, then each director shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast and entitled to vote on the election of directors. The affirmative vote of holders of shares of UAL s capital stock representing a majority of the votes present in person or by proxy at the meeting and entitled to be cast on the matter will be required to approve any other matters. 
 
 Absence of Other Rights 
 4891-2031-3936v.1 

Shares of Common Stock are not convertible into, or exchangeable for, any other class or series of capital stock. Holders of Common Stock have no preemptive or other rights to subscribe for or purchase additional securities of UAL. The Certificate of Incorporation contains no sinking fund provisions or redemption provisions with respect to the Common Stock. Shares of Common Stock are not subject to calls or assessments. No personal liability will attach to holders under the laws of the State of Delaware (UAL s state of incorporation) or of the State of Illinois (the state in which UAL s principal place of business is located). There is no classification of the Board. 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE RIGHTS 
 
 Rights to Purchase Preferred Stock 
 
 In connection with the Tax Benefits Preservation Plan, the Board declared a dividend of one Right to stockholders of record at the close of business on December 14, 2020 (the Record Date ). Each Right entitles its holder, under the circumstances described below, to purchase from UAL one one-thousandth of a share of Series A Preferred Stock, at an exercise price of 250.00 per Right, subject to adjustment. 
 
 The Rights attach to any shares of Common Stock that were outstanding as of the Record Date or becomes outstanding after the Record Date and prior to the earlier of the Distribution Time (as defined below) and the Expiration Time (as defined below), and in certain other circumstances described in the Tax Benefits Preservation Plan. 
 
 Until the Distribution Time, the Rights are associated with Common Stock and evidenced by Common Stock certificates or, in the case of uncertificated shares of Common Stock, the book-entry account that evidences record ownership of such shares, which contains a notation incorporating the Tax Benefits Preservation Plan by reference, and the Rights are transferable with and only with the underlying shares of Common Stock. 
 
 Separation and Distribution of Rights Exercisability 
 
 Subject to certain exceptions, the Rights become exercisable and trade separately from Common Stock only upon the Distribution Time, which occurs upon the earlier of 
 
 the close of business on the tenth (10th) day after the Stock Acquisition Date (which is defined as (a) the first date of public announcement that any person or group has become an Acquiring Person, which is defined as a person or group that, together with its affiliates and associates, beneficially owns 4.9 or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (with certain exceptions, including those described below) or (b) such other date, as determined by the Board, on which a person or group has become an Acquiring Person) or 
 
 the close of business on the tenth (10th) business day (or such later date as may be determined by the Board prior to such time as any person or group becomes an Acquiring Person) after the commencement of a tender offer or exchange offer that, if consummated, would result in a person or group becoming an Acquiring Person. 
 
 The Board may determine that any person is an Acquiring Person if such person becomes the beneficial owner of 4.9 of the then-outstanding shares of Common Stock under the regulations promulgated under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). 
 
 An Acquiring Person does not include 
 
 UAL or any subsidiary of UAL 
 
 any officer, director or employee of UAL or any subsidiary of UAL in his or her capacity as such 
 
 any employee benefit plan of UAL or of any subsidiary of UAL or any entity or trustee holding (or acting in a fiduciary capacity in respect of) shares of capital stock of UAL for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan or for the purpose of funding other employee benefits for employees of UAL or any subsidiary of UAL 
 
 any person or group, together with its affiliates and associates, whose beneficial ownership of 4.9 or more of the then-outstanding shares of Common Stock will not jeopardize or endanger the availability to 
 2 

UAL of any net operating loss NOL or other tax attribute, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion prior to the time any person becomes an Acquiring Person (provided that such person will be an Acquiring Person if the Board subsequently makes a contrary determination in its sole discretion, regardless of the reason for such contrary determination) or 
 
 any person or group that, together with its affiliates and associates, as of immediately prior to the first public announcement of the adoption of the Tax Benefits Preservation Plan, beneficially owns 4.9 or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock so long as such person or group continues to beneficially own at least 4.9 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock and does not acquire shares of Common Stock to beneficially own an amount equal to or greater than the greater of 4.9 and the sum of the lowest beneficial ownership of such person or group since the public announcement of the adoption of the Tax Benefits Preservation Plan plus one share of Common Stock. 
 
 In addition, the Tax Benefits Preservation Plan provides that no person or group will become an Acquiring Person as a result of share purchases or issuances directly from UAL or through an underwritten offering approved by the Board. Also, a person or group will not be an Acquiring Person if the Board determines that such person or group has become an Acquiring Person inadvertently and such person or group as promptly as practicable divests a sufficient number of shares so that such person or group would no longer be an Acquiring Person. There are also certain exceptions for an investment advisor to mutual funds or a trustee of trusts qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code sponsored by unrelated corporations, unless the Board determines, in its reasonable discretion, that such investment advisor or trustee is deemed to beneficially own 4.9 or more of the shares of Common Stock then outstanding under specified regulations promulgated under the Code. 
 
 Certain synthetic interests in securities created by derivative positions, whether or not such interests are considered to be ownership of the underlying Common Stock or are reportable for purposes of Regulation 13D of the Exchange Act are treated as beneficial ownership of the number of shares of Common Stock equivalent to the economic exposure created by the derivative position, to the extent actual shares of Common Stock are directly or indirectly held by counterparties to the derivatives contracts. In addition, for purposes of the Tax Benefits Preservation Plan, a person or group is deemed to beneficially own shares that such person is deemed to directly, indirectly or constructively own (as determined for purposes of Section 382 of the Code or the regulations promulgated under the Code), and Warrants and Warrant Shares (as each is defined in the Warrant Agreement, dated as of April 20, 2020, between UAL and the United States Department of the Treasury, the Warrant Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2020, between UAL and the United States Department of the Treasury, and the Warrant Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2021, between UAL and the United states Department of the Treasury) are disregarded for purposes of determining beneficial ownership. 
 
 Expiration Time 
 
 The Rights will expire on the earliest to occur of (a) the close of business on December 4, 2023 (the Final Expiration Time ), (b) the time at which the Rights are redeemed or exchanged by UAL (as described below), (c) the close of business on the first business day following the certification of the voting results of UAL s 2021 annual meeting of stockholders, if stockholder approval of the Tax Benefits Preservation Plan has not been obtained at such meeting, (d) upon the closing of any merger or other acquisition transaction involving UAL pursuant to a merger or other acquisition agreement that has been approved by the Board before any person or group becomes an Acquiring Person or (e) the time at which the Board determines that the NOLs and certain other tax attributes are utilized in all material respects or that an ownership change under Section 382 of the Code would not adversely impact in any material respect the time period in which UAL could use the NOLs and other tax attributes or materially impair the amount of NOLs and other tax attributes that could be used by UAL in any particular time period, for applicable tax purposes (the earliest of (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) being herein referred to as the Expiration Time ). 
 
 Flip-in Event 
 
 In the event that any person or group (other than certain exempt persons) becomes an Acquiring Person (a Flip-in Event ), each holder of a Right (other than such Acquiring Person, any of its affiliates or associates or certain transferees of such Acquiring Person or of any such affiliate or associate, whose Rights automatically become null and void) will have the right to receive, upon exercise, Common Stock having a value equal to two times the exercise price of the Right. 
 
 For example, at an exercise price of 250.00 per Right, each Right not owned by an Acquiring Person (or by certain related parties) following a Flip-in Event would entitle its holder to purchase 500.00 worth of Common Stock for 250.00. Assuming that Common Stock had a per share value of 50.00 at that time, the holder of each valid Right would be entitled to purchase ten shares of Common Stock for 250.00. 
 
 3 

Flip-over Event 
 
 In the event that, at any time following the Stock Acquisition Date, any of the following occurs (each, a Flip-over Event 
 
 UAL consolidates with, or merges with and into, any other entity, and UAL is not the continuing or surviving entity 
 
 any entity engages in a share exchange with or consolidates with, or merges with or into, UAL, and UAL is the continuing or surviving entity and, in connection with such share exchange, consolidation or merger, all or part of the outstanding shares of Common Stock are changed into or exchanged for stock or other securities of any other entity or cash or any other property or 
 
 UAL sells or otherwise transfers, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, 50 or more of UAL s assets, cash flow or earning power, each holder of a Right (except Rights which previously have been voided as described above) will have the right to receive, upon exercise, common stock of the acquiring company having a value equal to two times the exercise price of the Right. 
 
 Preferred Stock Provisions 
 
 Each share of Series A Preferred Stock, if issued will not be redeemable, will entitle the holder thereof, when, as and if declared, to quarterly dividend payments equal to the greater of 1,000 per share and 1,000 times the amount of all cash dividends plus 1,000 times the amount of non-cash dividends or other distributions paid on one share of Common Stock, will entitle the holder thereof to receive 1,000 plus accrued and unpaid dividends per share upon liquidation and, if shares of Common Stock are exchanged via merger, consolidation or a similar transaction, will entitle the holder thereof to a per share payment equal to the payment made on 1,000 shares of Common Stock. 
 
 Anti-Dilution Adjustments 
 
 The exercise price payable, and the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock or other securities or property issuable, upon exercise of the Rights are subject to adjustment from time to time to prevent dilution 
 
 in the event of a stock dividend on, or a subdivision, combination or reclassification of, the Series A Preferred Stock, 
 
 if holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are granted certain rights, options or warrants to subscribe for Series A Preferred Stock or convertible securities at less than the current market price of the Series A Preferred Stock or 
 
 upon the distribution to holders of the Series A Preferred Stock of evidences of indebtedness or assets (excluding regular quarterly cash dividends) or of subscription rights or warrants (other than those referred to above). 
 
 With certain exceptions, no adjustment in the exercise price will be required until cumulative adjustments amount to at least 1 of the exercise price. No fractional shares of Series A Preferred Stock will be issued and, in lieu thereof, an adjustment in cash will be made based on the market price of the Series A Preferred Stock on the last trading day prior to the date of exercise. 
 
 Redemption Exchange 
 
 At any time prior to the earlier of (i) the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the Stock Acquisition Date or (ii) the Final Expiration Time, UAL may redeem the Rights in whole, but not in part, at a price of 0.001 per Right (subject to adjustment and payable in cash, Common Stock or other consideration deemed appropriate by the Board). Immediately upon the action of the Board authorizing any redemption or at such later time as the Board may establish for the effectiveness of the redemption, the Rights will terminate and the only right of the holders of Rights will be to receive the redemption price. 
 
 At any time after any Acquiring Person, together with all of its affiliates and associates, becomes the beneficial owner of fifty percent (50 or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, UAL may exchange the Rights (other than Rights owned by the Acquiring Person, any of its affiliates or associates or certain transferees 
 4 

of Acquiring Person or of any such affiliate or associate, whose Rights will have become null and void), in whole or in part, at an exchange ratio of one share of Common Stock, or one one-thousandth of a share of Series A Preferred Stock (or of a share of a class or series of Serial Preferred Stock having equivalent rights, preferences and privileges), per Right (subject to adjustment). 
 
 Exemption Requests 
 
 A person desiring to effect a transaction that might result in such person becoming a beneficial owner of 4.9 or more of the then-outstanding shares of Common Stock may, by following the procedures outlined in the Tax Benefits Preservation Plan, request that the Board determine that such person would not be an Acquiring Person. In such case, the Board may grant the exemption notwithstanding the effect on UAL s NOLs and other tax attributes, if the Board determines that such approval is in the best interests of UAL. The Board may impose any conditions that it deems reasonable and appropriate in connection with any such determination, including restrictions on the ability of the requesting person to transfer shares acquired by it in the transaction requiring approval. 
 
 Amendment of the Tax Benefits Preservation Plan 
 
 UAL and the Rights Agent may from time to time amend or supplement the Tax Benefits Preservation Plan without the consent of the holders of the Rights. However, on or after the Stock Acquisition Date, no amendment can materially adversely affect the interests of the holders of the Rights (other than the Acquiring Person, any of its affiliates or associates or certain transferees of Acquiring Person or of any such affiliate or associate). 
 
 Miscellaneous 
 
 While the distribution of the Rights is not taxable to stockholders or to UAL, stockholders may, depending upon the circumstances, recognize taxable income in the event that the Rights become exercisable for Common Stock (or other consideration) or for common stock of the acquiring company or in the event of the redemption of the Rights as described above. 
 
 FOREIGN OWNERSHIP LIMITATION 
 
 The Certificate of Incorporation limits the total number of shares of equity securities held by all persons who fail to qualify as citizens of the United States to having no more than 24.9 of the voting power of all outstanding equity securities of UAL. 
 
 CERTAIN ANTI-TAKEOVER EFFECTS 
 
 General. Certain provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation, our Bylaws, the Tax Benefits Preservation Plan and the DGCL could make it more difficult to consummate an acquisition of control of us by means of a tender offer, a proxy fight, open market purchases or otherwise in a transaction not approved by our Board. The summary of the provisions set forth below does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our Certificate of Incorporation, our Bylaws, the Tax Benefits Preservation Plan and the DGCL. 
 
 Undesignated Preferred Stock. Our ability to issue undesignated Serial Preferred Stock makes it possible for the Board to issue Serial Preferred Stock with super voting, dividend or other special rights or preferences on a discriminatory basis that could impede the success of any attempt to acquire UAL. This may have the effect of deferring, delaying or discouraging hostile takeovers, or changes in control or management of UAL. 
 
 No Stockholder Action by Written Consent . The Certificate of Incorporation provides that any action required or permitted to be taken by UAL stockholders must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders and may not be effected by consent in writing by such stockholders. 
 
 Limitations on Stockholder Rights to Call Special Meetings. The Bylaws provide that special meetings of the stockholders may be called only (i) by both the Chief Executive Officer and the Chairperson of the Board, (ii) by the Board or (iii) subject to certain requirements set forth in the Bylaws, by the Secretary, upon the written request of one or more stockholders of record of UAL that together have continuously held, for their own account or on behalf of others, beneficial ownership of at least a 25 aggregate net long position (as defined in the Bylaws) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock for at least one year prior to the date such request is delivered to UAL. 
 
 Requirements for Advance Notification of Stockholder Meetings, Nominations and Proposals Meeting Procedures . The Bylaws establish advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals for annual meetings and the nomination of candidates for election as directors to the Board (other than nominations pursuant to 
 5 

the terms of the Class Pilot MEC Junior Preferred Stock, the Class IAM Junior Preferred Stock or nominations made by or at the direction of the Board or a committee of the Board). In order for any matter to be properly brought before a meeting, a stockholder will have to comply with advance notice requirements and provide UAL with certain information. Under the Bylaws, the Board may also adopt rules, regulations and procedures for the conduct of stockholder meetings as the Board deems appropriate, and except to the extent inconsistent with such rules, regulations and procedures adopted by the Board, the person presiding at any meeting of stockholders has the right and authority to convene and (for any or no reason) to recess or adjourn the meeting, to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such person, are necessary, appropriate or convenient for the proper conduct of the meeting, which may have the effect of precluding the conduct of certain business at a meeting if the rules and regulations are not followed. These procedures and provisions may deter, delay or discourage a potential acquiror from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquiror s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of UAL. 

No Stockholder Filling of Vacancies . Board vacancies and newly created directorships may only be filled by a vote of a majority of the directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. Thus, even if stockholders remove a director from office, the vacancy created by such removal may only be filled by the Board. 
 
 Business Combinations. We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers. Section 203 prevents certain Delaware corporations from engaging, under certain circumstances, in a business combination (as defined therein), which includes, among other things, a merger or sale of more than 10 of the corporation s assets, with any interested stockholder for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. An interested stockholder is a stockholder who acquired 15 or more of the corporation s outstanding voting stock or an affiliate or associate of such person. 
 
 Tax Benefits Preservation Plan . The Tax Benefits Preservation Plan could have certain anti-takeover effects because the Rights provided to holders of our Common Stock under the Tax Benefits Preservation Plan will cause substantial dilution to an Acquiring Person. While the Tax Benefits Preservation Plan is intended to preserve our current ability to utilize NOLs and certain other tax attributes, it effectively deters current and future purchasers from accumulating more than 4.9 of UAL s securities, which could delay or discourage attempts that our stockholders may consider favorable. The Tax Benefits Preservation Plan should not interfere with any merger or other business combination approved by the Board. 
 
 CHOICE OF FORUM 
 
 The Bylaws provide that, unless a majority of the Board, acting on behalf of UAL, consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, (a) the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of UAL, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer or other employee of UAL to UAL or UAL s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against UAL or any of its directors, officers or other employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the Bylaws or the Certificate of Incorporation (in each case, as may be amended from time to time), (iv) any action asserting a claim against UAL or any of its directors, officers or other employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the State of Delaware or (v) any other action asserting an internal corporate claim, as defined in Section 115 of the DGCL, in all cases subject to the court s having personal jurisdiction over all indispensable parties named as defendants, and (b) the federal district courts of the United States of America will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any action asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. However, it is possible that a court could find UAL s forum selection provision to be inapplicable or unenforceable. Furthermore, because the applicability of the exclusive forum provision is limited to the extent permitted by law, UAL does not intend that the exclusive forum provision described in clause (a) above would apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Stockholders cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

6 

</EX-4.29>

<EX-10.35>
 3
 ual_12312210kex1035.htm
 EX-10.35

Document 
 Exhibit 10.35 
 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. OMITTED INFORMATION HAS BEEN REPLACED WITH ASTERISKS. 

 AMENDMENT NO. 3 
 
 TO THE AMENDED AND RESTATED A350-900 PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 
 dated as of September 1, 2017 
 
 between 
 
 AIRBUS S.A.S. 
 
 and 
 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 

This Amendment No. 3 to the Amended and Restated A350-900 Purchase Agreement between Airbus S.A.S. and United Airlines, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as this Amendment is entered into as of December 8, 2022 by and between AIRBUS S.A.S., a soci t par actions simplifi e , organized and existing under the laws of the Republic of France, having its registered office located at 2, Rond Point Emile Dewoitine, 31700 Blagnac, France (hereinafter referred to as the Seller ), and UNITED AIRLINES, INC., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, United States of America, having its principal corporate offices located at 233 South Wacker Drive, Chicago, Illinois 60606, U.S.A. (hereinafter referred to as the Buyer ). 
 
 WITNESSETH 
 
 WHEREAS, the Buyer and the Seller entered into the Amended and Restated A350-900 Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2017 which, together with all Exhibits, Appendices and Letter Agreements attached thereto and as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time is hereinafter called the Agreement , and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Buyer and the Seller have agreed to amend certain terms of the Agreement as set forth herein. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED AS FOLLOWS 
 
 1 DEFINITIONS 
 
 Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise expressly defined in this Amendment shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the Agreement. The terms herein , hereof , and hereunder and words of similar import refer to this Amendment. 
 
 2 DELIVERY SCHEDULE 
 
 2.a Upon the Buyer s request, the Seller agrees to the Scheduled Delivery of Aircraft No. to Aircraft No. as set forth in Clause 2.2 below (each such Aircraft, an Amd. 3 Aircraft ). 

CT1706024 Amended and Restated A350-900 Purchase Agreement Amendment No. 3 EXECUTION AM3-1 
 AIRBUS S.A.S. & UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 

2.b The delivery schedule of the Aircraft set out in Clause 9.1 of the Agreement is to read the following 
 
 QUOTE 
 
 Aircraft number Aircraft type Scheduled Delivery 

UNQUOTE 
 
 3 
 
 4 LETTER AGREEMENT NO. 3 
 
 Paragraphs 4.2.1 and 4.2.2 of Letter Agreement No. 3 are deleted in their entirety and replaced with the following quoted text 
 
 QUOTE 
 
 4.2.1 
 
 4.2.2 
 
 UNQUOTE 
 
 5 LETTER AGREEMENT NO. 4 
 
 5.a Aircraft 
 
 5.1.i The table in Paragraph 2.2 of Letter Agreement No. 4 to the Agreement is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following table 
 
 QUOTE 
 
 Aircraft No. 

UNQUOTE 
 
 5.1.ii The period beginning on and ending on , set out in the penultimate paragraph of Paragraph 2.2 of Letter Agreement No. 4, shall be amended to be the period beginning on and ending on . 
 
 5.1.iii A new Paragraph 2.4 shall be added to Letter Agreement No. 4 as follows 
 
 QUOTE 

CT1706024 Amended and Restated A350-900 Purchase Agreement Amendment No. 3 EXECUTION AM3-2 
 AIRBUS S.A.S. & UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 

2.4 Nothing contained in this Paragraph 2 shall obligate . 
 
 UNQUOTE 
 
 5.b 
 
 Paragraph 3.1.3(ii) of Letter Agreement No. 4 to the Agreement is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following quoted text 
 
 QUOTE 
 
 (ii) 
 
 UNQUOTE 
 
 6 LETTER AGREEMENT NO. 10 
 
 Letter Agreement No. 10 to the Agreement is cancelled in its entirety and, as of the date of this Amendment, shall have no further force or effect. 
 
 7 LETTER AGREEMENT NO. 14 
 
 Paragraph 1.1(i) of Letter Agreement No. 14 to the Agreement is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following quoted text 
 
 QUOTE 
 
 (1) The is only granted to the Buyer for up to of the Aircraft which are included in the Buyer s Aircraft, as follows (each a Aircraft 
 
 a. Aircraft , 
 
 b. Aircraft with a Scheduled Delivery , 
 
 c. Aircraft with a Scheduled Delivery , 
 
 d. Aircraft with a Scheduled Delivery , 
 
 e. Aircraft with a Scheduled Delivery , 
 
 f. Aircraft with a Scheduled Delivery . 
 
 UNQUOTE 
 
 8 EFFECT OF THE AMENDMENT 
 
 The Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent herein provided, and, except as specifically amended hereby, shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with its original terms. This Amendment supersedes any previous understandings, commitments, or representations whatsoever, whether oral or written, related to the subject matter of this Amendment. 
 
 CT1706024 Amended and Restated A350-900 Purchase Agreement Amendment No. 3 EXECUTION AM3-3 
 AIRBUS S.A.S. & UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 

Both parties agree that this Amendment shall constitute an integral, non-severable part of the Agreement, that the provisions of the Agreement are hereby incorporated herein by reference, and that this Amendment shall be governed by the provisions of the Agreement, except that if the Agreement and this Amendment have specific provisions that are inconsistent, the specific provisions contained in this Amendment shall govern. 
 
 9 ASSIGNMENT 
 
 This Amendment and the rights and obligations of the parties shall be subject to the provisions of Clause 21 of the Agreement. 
 
 10 CONFIDENTIALITY 
 
 This Amendment is subject to the terms and conditions of Clause 22.10 of the Agreement. 
 
 11 GOVERNING LAW 
 
 The governing law shall be as set forth in Clause 22.6 of the Agreement. 
 
 12 COUNTERPARTS 
 
 This Amendment may be executed by the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered will be an original, but all such counterparts will together constitute one and the same instrument. 

CT1706024 Amended and Restated A350-900 Purchase Agreement Amendment No. 3 EXECUTION AM3-4 
 AIRBUS S.A.S. & UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment was entered into as of the day and year first above written. 

UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 

By s Gerald Laderman 
 
 Its Gerald Laderman 
 Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 

AIRBUS S.A.S. 

By s Beno t de Saint-Exup ry 
 
 Its Beno t de Saint-Exup ry 
 Senior Vice President, Contracts 

CT1706024 Amended and Restated A350-900 Purchase Agreement Amendment No. 3 EXECUTION 
 AIRBUS S.A.S. & UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 

</EX-10.35>

<EX-10.59>
 4
 ual_12312210kex1059.htm
 EX-10.59

Document 
 Exhibit 10.59 
 
 The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 
 
 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. OMITTED INFORMATION HAS BEEN REPLACED WITH ASTERISKS. 

 6-1162-KKT-080R2 
 United Airlines Holdings, Inc. 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, IL 60606 
 Subject Certain Contractual Matters 
 Reference Aircraft General Terms Agreements (the AGTAs) and all Purchase Agreements in effect as of the date hereof (the Purchase Agreements) between The Boeing Company (Boeing) and any one or more of United Airlines Holdings, Inc., and United Airlines, Inc. (each, Customer and collectively, Customers). Boeing and Customers shall collectively be referred to as the Parties and each a Party 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 This Letter Agreement documents the agreement between Boeing and Customers with respect to certain contractual matters. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreements. This Letter Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety Letter Agreement 6-1162-KKT-080R1. 
 1. Aircraft . 
 In consideration of , and other Customers under this Letter Agreement, the AGTAs and the Purchase Agreements in effect between Customer and Boeing, and subject to the terms, exceptions and conditions of this Letter Agreement, each Customer shall purchase aircraft (in such Customer's configuration) from Boeing. Boeing agrees to sell to each Customer such aircraft. All such aircraft purchased from Boeing, as well as aircraft subject to any Purchase Agreement, including aircraft, initially scheduled for delivery during the Delivery Period shall hereinafter be referred to as Aircraft. 
 6-1162-KKT-080R2 Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES PROPRIETARY & CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 

2. Aircraft . 
 If Boeing for any reason is or is reasonably expected to a Aircraft to a Customer in the time period required by such Customer , then Customer aircraft from provided, the phrase in this sentence shall be deemed to include, without limitation, a situation where a Customer's Aircraft are by an authorized representative of Customer and for . Boeing shall use such Customer . If, after reasonable inquiry as to the available market opportunities, no such aircraft are available to the applicable Customer on terms and conditions for delivery in such time period, such aircraft , but the Customers and of Boeing hereunder will otherwise be unaffected. For the avoidance of doubt, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if a aircraft in such time period, . 
 3. . 
 Customers' aircraft described in Articles 
 a) Any aircraft (including any variant or new version, regardless of model designation), which one or more of the Customers may acquire 
 b) Any aircraft (in such Customer's configuration) that can be used as a aircraft over . For the avoidance of doubt, (a) the with the range and payload capacity by such Customer shall not be considered a aircraft to the , but the aircraft family shall aircraft , and (b) the aircraft with the range and payload capacity available to be ordered by such Customer as of the date of this Letter Agreement shall not be considered aircraft 
 c) Any aircraft which, due to or other factors, by the applicable Customer than aircraft, provided that Boeing aircraft aircraft 
 d) Any aircraft (including any variant or new version, regardless of model designation), which one or more of the Customers aircraft 
 e) aircraft aircraft or variants at for such aircraft 
 f) Up to aircraft 
 g) Any additional aircraft and 
 h) With respect to each aircraft , a Customer aircraft any aircraft and or the . 
 6-1162-KKT-080R2 Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES PROPRIETARY & CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 

For the avoidance of doubt, Customers pursuant to any set forth above Customers with respect to any other set forth above. 
 4. 
 Customer will Boeing with respect to the as follows 
 4.a If any aircraft delivery month Aircraft , and if the terms and conditions that are, considering circumstances, the terms and conditions the agreement for a Aircraft, delivered the terms and conditions Aircraft provided, that terms and conditions the agreement for 
 
 4.b Reserved. 
 4.c If an Aircraft in a to and the terms and conditions under Article 4.1, will the Requirement Aircraft delivered provided, however, that . 
 4.d Reserved 
 4.e Reserved. 
 4.f Any will be an additional Boeing delivery of Aircraft . Any delivery of Customer's Aircraft or the Aircraft, provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, if, . 
 4.g For the sake of clarity, under the above Articles 4.1 through 4.6 are not subject to any condition or that Customer . Boeing shall use good faith efforts in determining if any and shall, , and no later than , promptly prepare and deliver to Customers a certification executed by an officer of Boeing certifying as to Boeing s compliance with this Article 4. If there is a good faith dispute as to the , after using good faith efforts to resolve , the Parties shall . 
 4.h Articles 4.1 through 4.7 with respect to the Aircraft (i) to , (ii) which subsequently of an agreement under which such aircraft, (iii) which are in the event of such aircraft, or (iv) which are aircraft at the time of such aircraft . 
 5. Addition of . 
 In the event any Customer elects to Aircraft that are not and that are to be agrees to with to the terms and conditions (to the extent not provided herein) under which such of Aircraft. For the avoidance of doubt, this shall apply to aircraft subject to any such any Customer and Boeing this Letter Agreement. 
 6. Corporate Ownership Change, Mergers and Acquisitions . 
 6-1162-KKT-080R2 Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES PROPRIETARY & CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 

The parties agree that the provisions contained in this Article 6 for apply and are effective only in the event of a merger or acquisition after the date of this Letter Agreement between any Customer and another air carrier that is not a Customer. 
 6.a If a Customer acquires a , the terms of Article 6.3 of this Letter Agreement , and the Customer and the , for the purpose of the in Article 6.3, as . If a Customer acquires , the terms of this Letter Agreement shall . 
 6.b If acquires , the terms of this Letter Agreement shall to such . 
 6.c another air carrier, then the surviving entity shall be bound by the terms of this Letter Agreement with respect to , but the Customers' fleet the merger . The surviving entity shall the merger, and the Aircraft by the surviving entity the total by the surviving entity during is equal to or greater than . Excluded from this pursuant to Articles 2 and 7 hereof. 
 This Article 6 will not the surviving entity made by Customer prior to the merger. 
 Nothing in this Article 6 shall limit or prevent any Customer from merging or consolidating with or into another Customer, it being agreed that any such transaction is expressly permitted regardless of any provision to the contrary in any AGTA or Purchase Agreement, provided that the surviving entity (if not such Customer) assumes all of the obligations of such Customer hereunder and under any AGTA or Purchase Agreement to which such Customer is a party. 
 7. Aircraft . 
 Nothing under this Letter Agreement will prevent any Customer from (i) any Customer or (ii) provided that such aircraft . 
 8. 
 Any Customer , subject to (i) , (ii) (iii) receipt of Customer and Boeing. If there is , Boeing Customer the . 
 9. 
 each Customer Aircraft by the Purchase Agreements Aircraft ). 

The applicable Customer agrees pursuant to this Article 9 mutual agreement between Customer and Boeing at the time Aircraft. 
 10. 
 Subject to the terms of the purchase agreement(s) for Aircraft, Boeing Aircraft . 
 6-1162-KKT-080R2 Page 4 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES PROPRIETARY & CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 

11. 
 Boeing agrees Customers described in Customer Services General Terms Agreement 24-1. If in the future Boeing the Customers, Boeing Customers terms and conditions Boeing. 
 12. 
 During a period commencing Aircraft, and ending Boeing that (i) were aircraft, (ii) were and (iii) are . 
 13. 
 Boeing agrees to Customer and that is subsequently by to Customer, to the subject to the by the by Customer. Any aircraft delivered . 
 14. Aircraft . 
 For Aircraft Boeing may , as follows 
 14.a Aircraft . The shall have the that are this Letter Agreement. 
 14.b Aircraft . For aircraft this Letter Agreement, the will be those for the . 
 15. Aircraft . 
 Boeing shall provide Customer with with respect to Aircraft in the Purchase Agreements, subject to that have an effect on . 
 16. Customer Support Provisions for Aircraft . 
 Boeing shall provide general customer support for Aircraft . Model specific customer support provisions will be described in the applicable purchase agreements . 
 17. Warranty Provisions for Aircraft . 
 Boeing shall provide warranty provisions for Aircraft . standard warranty provisions and , the Aircraft warranty provisions. 
 18. Certain Remedies . 
 In the event of Customer under Article 1 of this Letter Agreement, Boeing this Letter Agreement. If Boeing this Letter Agreement, are (i) pursuant to the terms of Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R4, Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-2100718R4, and Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-03776-LA-1207650R6, all and each thereof, and (ii) Customers under Article 4 of this Letter Agreement and provided under this Letter Agreement. Boeing this Letter Agreement, Customers under the Purchase Agreements, and the Customers and Boeing as . 
 6-1162-KKT-080R2 Page 5 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES PROPRIETARY & CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 

19. Assignment . 
 The commitments contained in this Letter Agreement may not be assigned by either party without the prior written consent of the other party, except either party may assign its interest to an entity that (i) results from any merger or reorganization of such party or (ii) acquires substantially all the assets of such party. 
 20. Confidential Treatment . 
 Boeing and Customers understand that certain information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by both parties as confidential. Except as specified below, each of Boeing and each Customer is prohibited from disclosing the Information to any person, entity, or government agency. Each party shall protect the confidentiality of such Information in the manner similar to how a party protects its own Information of a similar nature, but with no less than a reasonable standard of care. This provision shall not restrict a party from taking any steps necessary to protect and safeguard its interests relating to the Information, including obtaining a protective order or other injunctive relief, where appropriate. 
 (a) Employees. A party may disclose the Information to its own employees (including the employees of Customer United Airlines, Inc.) who (i) have a need to know the Information for purposes of assisting said party in the evaluation or administration of the Purchase Agreement or such party's business operations and (ii) have been instructed to not disclose the Information except as provided by this Letter Agreement 
 (b) Professional Advisors. A party may disclose the Information to its auditors, insurers, and attorneys (Professional Advisors) who have a need to know the Information in connection with providing services to said party only when said party has first obtained from the Professional Advisor a written obligation of confidentiality and restricted use that is no less restrictive than the terms of this Letter Agreement provided, if either party requests to similarly disclose the Information to any of its financial advisors or consultants, the other party shall consider such request in good faith. Each party shall be fully responsible to the other party for the Professional Advisors' compliance with such obligations. 
 (c) Regulatory Requirements. A party may disclose in a regulatory or other government filing that part of the Information which is required by applicable law or regulation to be disclosed in such regulatory or other governmental filings, including filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) , but only in accordance with the following requirements 
 6-1162-KKT-080R2 Page 6 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES PROPRIETARY & CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 

(i) The disclosing party shall advise the other party in writing of such disclosure requirement prior to making such disclosure to enable the other party to take those steps it deems necessary to protect the Information and 
 (ii) The disclosing party shall, as requested by the other party, seek redaction and or confidential treatment for the Information or parts thereof from the SEC or other applicable regulators. 
 21. Miscellaneous . 
 21.a GOVERNING LAW. THIS LETTER AGREEMENT WILL BE INTERPRETED UNDER AND GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF THE STATE OF WASHINGTON, U.S.A., EXCEPT THAT WASHINGTON'S CHOICE OF LAW RULES SHALL NOT BE INVOKED FOR THE PURPOSE OF APPLYING THE LAW OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION. 
 21.b Amendments . This Letter Agreement may not be amended or modified except in writing signed by all parties. 
 21.c Order of Precedence . Any conflict between the terms, exceptions and conditions in this Letter Agreement and those in any AGTA or Purchase Agreement shall be resolved in favor of those in this Letter Agreement. 
 21.d Headings . Headings used in this Letter Agreement are for convenient reference only and are not intended to affect the interpretation of this Letter Agreement. 
 21.e Waiver Severability . Failure by either party to enforce any provision of this Letter Agreement will not be construed as a waiver. If any provision of this Letter Agreement is held unlawful or otherwise ineffective by a court of competent jurisdiction, the remainder of the Letter Agreement will remain in effect. 
 21.f Entire Agreement . 
 This Letter Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties and cancels and supersedes all previous proposals, understandings, commitments or representations whatsoever, oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof (including without limitation, that certain Letter Agreement No. 6-1162-GOC-136 dated October 10, 1997 between The Boeing Company and Continental Airlines, Inc., and that certain Letter Agreement 6-1162-KKT-080 dated July 12, 2012 between The Boeing Company, United Airlines Holdings, Inc., United Air Lines, Inc. and Continental Airlines, Inc. (including any amendments or supplements thereto)). 
 Very truly yours, 
 6-1162-KKT-080R2 Page 7 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES PROPRIETARY & CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 

THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date December 12, 2022 UNITED AIRLINES HOLDINGS, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 6-1162-KKT-080R2 Page 8 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES PROPRIETARY & CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 

6-1162-KKT-080R2 Page 9 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES PROPRIETARY & CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 

</EX-10.59>

<EX-10.90>
 5
 ual_12312210kex1090.htm
 EX-10.90

Document 
 Exhibit 10.90 
 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. OMITTED INFORMATION HAS BEEN REPLACED WITH ASTERISKS. 

SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT NO. 11 
 to 
 PURCHASE AGREEMENT NUMBER 04761 
 between 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 and 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 Relating to Boeing Model 737 MAX Aircraft 
 THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT No. 11 SA-11 ), entered into as of November 29, 2022, by and between The Boeing Company, a Delaware corporation, Boeing and United Airlines, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Customer 
 WHEREAS, Customer and Boeing entered into Purchase Agreement No. 04761 dated as of the 15 th day of May of 2018 as amended and supplemented Purchase Agreement ), relating to the purchase and sale of Model 737 MAX aircraft. This Supplemental Agreement is an amendment to the Purchase Agreement 
 WHEREAS, solely to conform and further amend the Purchase Agreement to reflect Customer and Boeing s agreement to add 737- Aircraft to the Purchase Agreement SA-11 Aircraft 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties agree to amend the Purchase Agreement as follows 
 1. Table of Contents . 
 The Table of Contents is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the attached Table of Contents (identified by SA-11 ). 
 2. Tables . 
 Table 1 titled 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the attached similarly titled Table 1 (identified by SA-11 to reflect the addition of the SA-11 Aircraft to the Purchase Agreement. 
 UAL-PA-04761 SA-11, Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Supplemental Agreement No. 11 to 
 Purchase Agreement No. 04761 

 3. Letter Agreements . 
 3.a. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801463R3 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801463R4 titled Matters to reflect the addition of the SA-11 Aircraft to the . 
 3.b. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-2100718R2 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-2100718R3 titled Special Matters Relating to Aircraft to reflect the SA-11 Aircraft to the definition of Aircraft. 
 4. Miscellaneous . 
 Boeing and Customer agree that is owed by Customer as the due upon execution of this SA-11, subject to the provisions of Section 3 of Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801463R4 entitled Matters . 
 The rest of the page is intentionally blank. Signature page follows 
 
 UAL-PA-04761 SA-11, Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Supplemental Agreement No. 11 to 
 Purchase Agreement No. 04761 

The Purchase Agreement will be deemed supplemented to the extent provided herein as of the date hereof and as so supplemented will continue in full force and effect. 

EXECUTED IN DUPLICATE as of the day and year first written above. 

THE BOEING COMPANY UNITED AIRLINES, INC. s Irma L. Krueger s Gerald Laderman Signature Signature Irma L. Krueger Gerald Laderman Printed Name Printed Name Attorney-in-Fact Executive Vice -President and Chief Financial Officer Title Title 
 
 UAL-PA-04761 SA-11, Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. OMITTED INFORMATION HAS BEEN REPLACED WITH ASTERISKS. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 ARTICLES SA NUMBER 
 Article 1. Quantity, Model and Description Article 2. Delivery Schedule Article 3. Price Article 4. Payment Article 5. Additional Terms TABLE 1. 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-6 & SA-8 4.1 
 1. 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-10 1 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-7 & SA-8 4.1 
 1. 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-7 & SA-8 4.1 
 1. 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-5 & SA-8 4.1 
 1. 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-10 1. 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-10 & SA-8 4.1 
 1. 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-6 & SA-8 4.1 
 1. 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-11 & SA-8 4.1 
 2. 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-9 
 UAL-PA-04761 Table of Contents, Page 1 of 5 SA-11 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED EXHIBITS SA NUMBER 
 A 737-8 Aircraft Configuration 
 SA-7 A 737-9 Aircraft Configuration 
 SA-1 A 737-10 Aircraft Configuration 
 SA-5 A 737-10 Aircraft Configuration 
 SA-6 B. Aircraft Delivery Requirements and Responsibilities 

SUPPLEMENTAL EXHIBITS SA NUMBER 
 AE1. Airframe and Features for the 737MAX Aircraft 
 BFE1. BFE Variables 737-8 Aircraft 
 SA-2 BFE1. BFE Variables 737-9 Aircraft 
 SA-1 BFE1. BFE Variables 737-10 Aircraft 
 SA-2 EE1. Engine and 
 SLP1. Service Life Policy Components 

UAL-PA-04761 Table of Contents, Page 2 of 5 SA-11 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED LETTER AGREEMENTS SA NUMBER 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA- 1801463R 4 
 Matters 
 SA-11 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801464 Demonstration Flight Waiver 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801465R2 Open Matters 737-9 and 737-10 Aircraft 
 SA-5 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801466 
 Seller Purchased Equipment 
 SA-5 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801467R5 
 Special Matters 737 MAX Aircraft 
 SA-9 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801468 
 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801469R3 
 
 SA-8 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801470 
 Privileged and Confidential Matters 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801471 
 AGTA Matters 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801472 
 Assignment Matters 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801473 
 737-10 Aircraft 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801474R1 
 for the 737-10 Aircraft 
 SA-7 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801475 
 Loading of Customer Software UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801476 
 Installation of Cabin Systems Equipment UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801477 
 Special Customer Support Matters UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801478R1 
 Delivery Matters 
 SA-6 
 UAL-PA-04761 Table of Contents, Page 3 of 5 SA-11 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

UAL-PA-04761-LA-1807022R6 
 Aircraft 737- 
 SA-10 SA-8 4.1 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1807420R1 
 737- and 737- Aircraft Model 
 SA-6 & SA-8 4.1 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1807490R1 
 737- Aircraft and 737- Aircraft 
 SA-2 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1900347 737- 
 SA-6 UAL-PA-04761-LA-2001831R1 
 Certain Special Matters 
 SA-4 TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED LETTER AGREEMENTS SA NUMBER 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-2100095 Matters for the 737- Aircraft 
 SA-5 UAL-PA-04761-LA-2100096R1 Certain Special Matters for the 737- Aircraft and for the 737- Aircraft 
 SA-7 UAL-PA-04761-LA-2100136 Open Matters Relating to Model 737- Aircraft 
 SA-5 UAL-PA-04761-LA-2100718R3 Special Matters Relating to Aircraft 
 SA-11 UAL-PA-04761-LA-2103100 Airline Operational Efficacy Matters 
 SA-6 UAL-PA-04761-LA-2103236 
 SA-9 UAL-PA-04761-LA-2104314 for Certain 737- Aircraft 
 SA-9 UAL-PA-04761-LA-2104366 for 737- Aircraft with 
 SA-9 UAL-PA-04761-LA-2104367 for 737- Previously Configured Aircraft 
 SA-9 UAL-PA-04761-LA-2105142 Certain Special Matters for the 737- Aircraft 
 SA-9 
 UAL-PA-04761 Table of Contents, Page 4 of 5 SA-11 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

UAL-PA-04761-LA-2105143 Open Matters Relating to Model 737- Aircraft 
 SA-9 

UAL-PA-04761 Table of Contents, Page 5 of 5 SA-11 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENTS DATED AS OF Supplemental Agreement No. 1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . September 25, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 2 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . December 12, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 3 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . March 20, 2020 Supplemental Agreement No. 4 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . June 30, 2020 Supplemental Agreement No. 5 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . February 26, 2021 Supplemental Agreement No. 6 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . June 27, 2021 Supplemental Agreement No. 7 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . August 12, 2021 Supplemental Agreement No. 8 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . September 8, 2021 Supplemental Agreement No. 9 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . November 30, 2021 
 UAL-PA-04761 Table of Contents, Page 6 of 5 SA-11 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Supplemental Agreement No. 10 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .June 30, 2022 Supplemental Agreement No. 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .November 29, 2022 
 
 UAL-PA-04761 Table of Contents, Page 7 of 5 SA-11 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Table 1 to Purchase Agreement No. 04761 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Airframe Model MTOW 737- pounds Detail Specification 2Q22 External Fcst Engine Model Thrust pounds Airframe Price Base Year Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Formula Features Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Airframe Data Engine Price (Per Aircraft) Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) Estimate Deposit per Aircraft Target Delivery Date & 
 Number of Aircraft Factor (Airframe) Manufacturer Serial Number Forecast Actual or Nominal Delivery Estimate Base Price Per A P Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Prior to Delivery) Total & - 
 Note Serial Numbers above are provided as guidance only and . - + - 
 
 UAL-PA-04761 Table of Contents, Page 8 of 5 SA-11 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801463R4 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Matters 
 References 1) Purchase Agreement No. 04761 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 737 MAX aircraft Aircraft and 
 2) Aircraft General Terms Agreement dated as of October 10, 1997 between the parties, identified as AGTA-CAL AGTA 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. This Letter Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801463R3 dated June 27, 2021. 
 The Purchase Agreement incorporates the terms and conditions of the AGTA between Boeing and Customer. This Letter Agreement modifies certain terms and conditions of the AGTA with respect to the Aircraft. 
 1. 
 2. 
 3. 
 3.a 
 3.b If for any reason, any Table 1 to the is amended, including but not limited, to change the . Any corresponding amendment to this Letter Agreement will be made in a manner consistent with the terms and conditions associated with the Initial Aircraft. 
 4. 
 5. Re-Allocation of . 
 5.a 
 5.b 
 6. 
 In addition to applicability to , the provisions of Section 2 herein shall apply to the . 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801463R4 SA-11 
 Matters Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

7. Rights . 
 7.a Customer agrees that . 
 7.b In the event Boeing to Boeing pursuant to Section 7.1, absent instruction from Boeing to the contrary, Customer shall, under the Purchase Agreement as amended by this Letter Agreement. Customer will . 
 7.c For all purposes of this Section 7, including without limitation, notice, or any other application, . Boeing expressly reserves all of its rights and remedies under any agreement and applicable law. 
 8. Confidentiality . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801470. 
 9. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801472, the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 If the foregoing correctly sets forth your understanding of our agreement with respect to the matters treated above, please indicate your acceptance and approval below. 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801463R4 SA-11 
 Matters Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date November 29, 2022 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801463R4 SA-11 
 Matters Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04761-LA-2100718R3 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Certain Special Matters for the Aircraft 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04761 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 737 MAX aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. This Letter Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04761-LA-2100718R2 dated June 30, 2022. 
 1. Definitions . 
 Aircraft shall be comprised of each of the following Aircraft 
 (1) each of the 737- Aircraft specified in Table 1 titled 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments as of the date of this Letter Agreement (each 737- Aircraft 
 (2) each of the 737- Aircraft specified in Table 1 titled 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and as of the date of this Letter Agreement (each 737- Aircraft 
 (3) each of the 737- Aircraft specified in Table 1 titled 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 737- Aircraft 
 (4) each of the 737- Aircraft specified in Table 1 titled 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price as of the date of this Letter Agreement (each 737- Aircraft and 
 (5) each 737- aircraft resulting from Customer s in any of the 737- Aircraft scheduled for delivery in pursuant to Letter Agreement LA-1807022R6, including successors thereof, titled Aircraft 737- shall be an 737- Aircraft). 
 2. for the 737- Aircraft . 
 In addition to the specified in Sections 1.3 and 1.4 of Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801467R4, including successors thereof, titled Special Matters - MAX Aircraft MAX Special Matters Letter ), at the time of delivery Boeing shall . 
 3. Special Provisions for the 737- Aircraft . 
 3.a In addition to the specified in Section 1.1 of the MAX Special Matters Letter, each 737- Aircraft will be eligible for the provided in this Section 3. 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-2100718R3 SA-11 
 Certain Special Matters for the Aircraft Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

3.b Customer has requested from Boeing on the . 
 3.c In response to Customer s requests . 
 3.d As specified in Section 3.3, Customer shall purchase Aircraft specified in Attachment A to this Letter Agreement . 

4. 
 5. 
 
 5.a 737- Aircraft . At the time of delivery of each 737- Aircraft, in addition to the specified in Section 1.1 of the MAX Special Matters Letter, Boeing shall . 
 5.b 737- Aircraft . 
 5.2.iIn addition to the specified in Section 1.1 of the MAX Special Matters Letter, each 737- Aircraft is eligible for the following 
 5.2.1.1 
 6. 
 7. Assignment . 
 Unless otherwise noted herein, the described in this Letter Agreement . Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801472, this Letter Agreement cannot be assigned, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Boeing. . 
 8. Confidentiality . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801470. 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-2100718R3 SA-11 
 Certain Special Matters for the Aircraft Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date November 29, 2022 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04761-LA-2100718R3 SA-11 
 Certain Special Matters for the Aircraft Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A 
 
 Aircraft Eligible for Section 3.4 
 
 The Aircraft in the table below are eligible for Section 4 in accordance with the terms and conditions .of Section 3.4 of this Letter Agreement. 

UAL-PA-04761-LA-2100718R3 SA-11 
 Certain Special Matters for the Aircraft Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

</EX-10.90>

<EX-10.91>
 6
 ual_12312210kex1091.htm
 EX-10.91

Document 
 Exhibit 10.91 
 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. OMITTED INFORMATION HAS BEEN REPLACED WITH ASTERISKS. 

SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT NO. 12 
 to 
 PURCHASE AGREEMENT NUMBER 04761 
 between 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 and 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 Relating to Boeing Model 737 MAX Aircraft 
 THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT No. 12 SA-12 ), entered into as of December 12, 2022, by and between The Boeing Company, a Delaware corporation, Boeing and United Airlines, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Customer 
 WHEREAS, Customer and Boeing entered into Purchase Agreement No. 04761 dated as of the 15 th day of May of 2018 as amended and supplemented Purchase Agreement ), relating to the purchase and sale of Model 737 MAX aircraft. This Supplemental Agreement is an amendment to the Purchase Agreement 
 WHEREAS, solely to conform and further amend the Purchase Agreement to reflect Customer and Boeing s agreement to the following Aircraft 
 
 WHEREAS, solely to conform and further amend the Purchase Agreement to reflect Customer and Boeing s agreement to 
 (1) Reflect the and of Aircraft with into 737- Aircraft 
 (2) Modify provisions as mutually agreed by the parties 
 (3) Add economic consideration elements in the event of a 737- Aircraft 
 (4) Expand and revise delivery for certain 737- Aircraft 
 (5) Reflect Boeing and Customer s agreement to reflect a) the Aircraft and b) the purchase of Aircraft resulting in 737- Aircraft to the Purchase Agreement (these 737- Aircraft and the 737- Aircraft referred to in clause (i) immediately above singly and collectively comprise the SA-12 Aircraft) 
 (6) Reflect of Aircraft from 737- Aircraft into 737- Aircraft 
 (7) Revise the estimate of included in the of the 737- Aircraft 
 (8) Revise certain open configuration matters for the Aircraft 
 UAL-PA-04761 SA-12, Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Supplemental Agreement No. 12 to 
 Purchase Agreement No. 04761 

 (9) Expand certain terms to apply to the SA-12 Aircraft 
 (10) Identify the economic terms relating to the SA-12 Aircraft 
 (11) Revise certain in respect of possible 737- Aircraft 
 (12) Reflect Boeing and Customer s agreement to add to the Purchase Agreement and 
 (13) Provide a new Boeing of Customer s purchase of the SA-12 Aircraft. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties agree to amend the Purchase Agreement as follows 
 1. Table of Contents . 
 The Table of Contents is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the attached Table of Contents (identified by SA-12 ). 
 2. Tables . 
 2.a. Table 1 titled 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the attached similarly titled Table 1 (identified by SA-12 to reflect the (i) addition of 737- Aircraft and from 737- Aircraft into 737- Aircraft and (ii) of Aircraft from 737- Aircraft to 737- Aircraft into the Purchase Agreement. 
 2.b. Table 1 titled 737- Delivery, Description, Price and is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the attached similarly titled Table 1 (identified by SA-12 to reflect of Aircraft from 737- Aircraft to 737- Aircraft. 
 2.c. Table 1 titled 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the attached similarly titled Table 1 (identified by SA-12 to reflect (i) Aircraft from 737- Aircraft to 737- Aircraft (ii) Aircraft from 737- Aircraft to 737- Aircraft and (iii) the addition of 737- Aircraft to the Purchase Agreement. 
 3. Exhibits. 
 Exhibit A for the 737- Aircraft Configuration is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the similarly titled Exhibit A to revise the configuration to reflect the of such 737- . 
 4. Letter Agreements . 
 4.a. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801463R4 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801463R5 titled Matters to reflect the addition of the SA-12 Aircraft to the . 
 4.b. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801465R2 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1 1801465R3 titled Open Matters 737- and 737- Aircraft to reflect the addition of a Boeing relative to for the Aircraft prior to delivery. 
 UAL-PA-04761 SA-12, Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Supplemental Agreement No. 12 to 
 Purchase Agreement No. 04761 

 4.c. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801467R5 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1 1801467R6 titled Special Matters MAX Aircraft to reflect the addition of economic considerations for 737- Aircraft. 
 4.d. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801474R1 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801474R2 titled for the 737- Aircraft to reflect the of certain terms to the 737- Aircraft portion of the SA-12 Aircraft. 
 4.e. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801478R1 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801478R2 titled Delivery Matters to reflect certain delivery rights for the 737- Aircraft. 
 4.f. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1807022R6 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1807022R7 titled Aircraft to reflect the of Aircraft. 
 4.g. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1807490R1 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1807490R2 titled 737- and 737- to reflect the of certain terms to the 737- Aircraft portion of the SA-12 Aircraft. 
 4.h. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-2100718R3 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-2100718R4 titled Special Matters Relating to Aircraft to reflect the addition of the SA-12 Aircraft to the definition of Aircraft. 
 4.i. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-2103236 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-2103236R1 titled 737- Aircraft Matters to revise certain terms therein. 
 4.j. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-22005995 is hereby added to the Purchase Agreement to reflect the addition of aircraft. 
 4.k. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-22006107 is hereby added to the Purchase Agreement to reflect the provision of Boeing for the SA-12 Aircraft. 
 5. Miscellaneous. 
 Boeing and Customer agree that there is upon execution of this SA-12 as a result of the provisions of Section 3 of Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801463R5 entitled Matters . 
 The Purchase Agreement will be deemed supplemented to the extent provided herein as of the date hereof and as so supplemented will continue in full force and effect. 
 UAL-PA-04761 SA-12, Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Supplemental Agreement No. 12 to 
 Purchase Agreement No. 04761 

EXECUTED IN DUPLICATE as of the day and year first written above. 

THE BOEING COMPANY UNITED AIRLINES, INC. s Irma L. Krueger s Gerald Laderman Signature Signature Irma L. Krueger Gerald Laderman Printed Name Printed Name 
 
 Attorney-in-Fact 
 Executive Vice -President and Chief Financial Officer Title Title 
 
 UAL-PA-04761 SA-12, Page 4 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. OMITTED INFORMATION HAS BEEN REPLACED WITH ASTERISKS. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 ARTICLES SA NUMBER 
 Article 1. Quantity, Model and Description Article 2. Delivery Schedule Article 3. Price Article 4. Payment Article 5. Additional Terms TABLE 1. 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-6 & SA-8 4.1 1. 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-12 1 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-7 & SA-8 4.1 1. 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-7 & SA-8 4.1 1. 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-5 & SA-8 4.1 1. 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-10 1. 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-12 & SA-8 4.1 1. 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-6 & 2SA-8 4.1 1. 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-12 & SA-8 4.1 2. 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-9 
 UAL-PA-04761 Table of Contents, Page 1 of 5 SA-12 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED EXHIBITS SA NUMBER 
 A 737-8 Aircraft Configuration 
 SA-7 A 737-9 Aircraft Configuration 
 SA-1 A 737-10 Aircraft Configuration 
 SA-12 A 737-10 Aircraft Configuration 
 SA-6 B. Aircraft Delivery Requirements and Responsibilities 

SUPPLEMENTAL EXHIBITS SA NUMBER 
 AE1. Airframe and Features for the 737MAX Aircraft 
 BFE1. BFE Variables 737-8 Aircraft 
 SA-2 BFE1. BFE Variables 737-9 Aircraft 
 SA-1 BFE1. BFE Variables 737-10 Aircraft 
 SA-2 EE1. Engine and 
 SLP1. Service Life Policy Components 

UAL-PA-04761 Table of Contents, Page 2 of 5 SA-12 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED LETTER AGREEMENTS SA NUMBER 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA- 1801463R 5 
 Matters 
 SA-12 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801464 Demonstration Flight Waiver 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA- 1801465R 3 
 Open Matters 737- and 737- Aircraft 
 SA-12 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801466 
 Seller Purchased Equipment 
 SA-5 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801467R6 
 Special Matters 737 MAX Aircraft 
 SA-12 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801468 
 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801469R3 
 
 SA-8 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801470 
 Privileged and Confidential Matters 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801471 
 AGTA Matters 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801472 
 Assignment Matters 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801473 
 737- Aircraft 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA- 1801474R 2 
 for the 737- Aircraft 
 SA-12 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801475 
 Loading of Customer Software UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801476 
 Installation of Cabin Systems Equipment UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801477 
 Special Customer Support Matters UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801478R2 
 Delivery Matters 
 SA-12 
 UAL-PA-04761 Table of Contents, Page 3 of 5 SA-12 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

UAL-PA-04761-LA-1807022R7 
 Aircraft 737- 
 SA-12 SA-8 4.1 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1807420R1 
 737- and 737- Aircraft Model 
 SA-6 & SA-8 4.1 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1807490R2 
 737- Aircraft and 737- Aircraft 
 SA-12 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1900347 737- 
 SA-6 UAL-PA-04761-LA-2001831R1 
 Certain Special Matters 
 SA-4 TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED LETTER AGREEMENTS SA NUMBER 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-2100095 Matters for the 737- Aircraft 
 SA-5 UAL-PA-04761-LA-2100096R1 Certain Special Matters for the 737- Aircraft and for the 737- Aircraft 
 SA-7 UAL-PA-04761-LA-2100136 Open Matters Relating to Model 737- Aircraft 
 SA-5 UAL-PA-04761-LA-2100718R3 Special Matters Relating to Aircraft 
 SA-12 UAL-PA-04761-LA-2103100 Airline Operational Efficacy Matters 
 SA-6 UAL-PA-04761-LA-2103236 
 SA-12 UAL-PA-04761-LA-2104314 for Certain 737- Aircraft 
 SA-9 UAL-PA-04761-LA-2104366 for 737- Aircraft with 
 SA-9 UAL-PA-04761-LA-2104367 for 737- Aircraft with 
 SA-9 UAL-PA-04761-LA-2105142 Certain Special Matters for the 737- Aircraft 
 SA-9 
 UAL-PA-04761 Table of Contents, Page 4 of 5 SA-12 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

UAL-PA-04761-LA-2105143 Open Matters Relating to Model 737- Aircraft 
 SA-9 UAL-PA-04761-LA-22005995 Rights 
 SA-12 UAL-PA-04761-LA-22006107 
 SA-12 
 
 UAL-PA-04761 Table of Contents, Page 5 of 5 SA-12 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENTS DATED AS OF Supplemental Agreement No. 1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . September 25, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 2 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . December 12, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 3 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . March 20, 2020 Supplemental Agreement No. 4 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . June 30, 2020 Supplemental Agreement No. 5 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . February 26, 2021 Supplemental Agreement No. 6 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . June 27, 2021 Supplemental Agreement No. 7 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . August 12, 2021 Supplemental Agreement No. 8 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . September 8, 2021 Supplemental Agreement No. 9 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . November 30, 2021 Supplemental Agreement No. 10 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .June 30, 2022 
 UAL-PA-04761 Table of Contents, Page 6 of 5 SA-12 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Supplemental Agreement No. 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .November 29, 2022 Supplemental Agreement No. 12 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .December 12, 2022 
 
 UAL-PA-04761 Table of Contents, Page 7 of 5 SA-12 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Table 1 to Purchase Agreement No. 04761 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Airframe Model MTOW 737- pounds Detail Specification Engine Model Thrust pounds + Airframe Price Base Year Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Formula Features Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Airframe Data Engine Price (Per Aircraft) Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) Estimate Deposit per Aircraft # of Aircraft SA-12 Sec. 3.4.2 737- Aircraft Delivery Date & 
 Target Delivery Number of Aircraft Estimate Base Price Per A P Manufacturer Serial Number Forecast Actual or Nominal Delivery Estimate Base Price Per A P Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Prior to Delivery) Total & - 
 Note Serial Numbers above , if any are included, are provided as guidance only and . 
 - - - + - 

Table 1 To Purchase Agreement No. 04761 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Airframe Model MTOW 737- pounds Detail Specification 4Q11 External Fcst 4Q11 External Fcst - Engines Engine Model Thrust pounds + Airframe Price Base Year Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Formula Features Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Airframe Data Engine Price (Per Aircraft) Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) Estimate Deposit per Aircraft # of Aircraft SA-12 Added by SA-12 Delivery Date & 
 Target Delivery Number of Aircraft Factor (Airframe) Manufacturer Serial Number Forecast Actual or Nominal Delivery Escalation Forecast Estimate Base Price Per A P Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Prior to Delivery) Total & - 
 Note Serial Numbers above are provided as guidance only and . - + - - 

Table 1 to Purchase Agreement No. 04761 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Airframe Model MTOW 737- pounds Detail Specification 4Q11 External Fcst 4Q11 External Fcst - Engines Engine Model Thrust pounds Airframe Price Base Year Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Formula Features Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Airframe Data Engine Price (Per Aircraft) Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) Estimate Deposit per Aircraft by SA-12 SA-12 Target Delivery Date & 
 Number of Aircraft Factor (Airframe) Manufacturer Serial Number Forecast Actual or Nominal Delivery Estimate Base Price Per A P Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Prior to Delivery) Total & - 
 Note Serial Numbers above are provided as guidance only and . - + - 
 - 

AIRCRAFT CONFIGURATION 
 
 between 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 
 and 
 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 
 Exhibit A to Purchase Agreement Number 04761 for 737- Aircraft with 
 
 UAL-PA-04761-EXA SA-12 
 737- Aircraft with Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Exhibit A 
 
 AIRCRAFT CONFIGURATION 
 
 relating to 
 
 BOEING MODEL 737- AIRCRAFT 
 
 with 
 
 The Detail Specification is dated May 2017. The estimate for was estimated using as seen in Attachment 1 to this Exhibit A. Such Attachment 1 estimate of comprises Customer s Initial Configuration which is subject to change pursuant to the provisions of Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801465R3 entitled Open Matters 737- and 737- Aircraft 

UAL-PA-04761-EXA SA-12 
 737- Aircraft with Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Number 
 Title TOTALS GRAND TOTAL 

UAL-PA-04761-EXA SA-12 
 737- Aircraft with Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801463R5 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Matters for 737 and Certain 787 Aircraft 
 References 1) Purchase Agreement No. 04761 737 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 737 MAX aircraft Aircraft 
 2) Purchase Agreement No. 03860 787 Purchase Agreement #1 between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 Model aircraft 
 3) Purchase Agreement No. 04815 787 Purchase Agreement #2 between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 Model aircraft and 
 4) Aircraft General Terms Agreement dated as of October 10, 1997 between the parties, identified as AGTA-CAL AGTA 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the 737 Purchase Agreement, 787 Purchase Agreement #1, and 787 Purchase Agreement #2 Purchase Agreements ). All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the 737 Purchase Agreement. This Letter Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801463R4 dated November 29, 2022. 
 The Purchase Agreements incorporate the terms and conditions of the AGTA between Boeing and Customer. This Letter Agreement modifies certain terms and conditions of the AGTA with respect to the Aircraft. 
 1. 
 2. 
 3. 
 4. 
 5. 
 6. 
 In addition to applicability to , the provisions of Section 2 herein shall apply to the . 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801463R5 SA-12 
 Matters for 737 and Certain 787 Aircraft Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

7. Rights . 
 7.a Customer agrees that . 
 7.b In the event Boeing to Boeing pursuant to Section 7.1, absent instruction from Boeing to the contrary, Boeing shall provide Customer with and Customer shall, under the Purchase Agreements (in respect of the applicable Aircraft covered by this Letter Agreement) as amended by this Letter Agreement. Customer will . 
 7.c For all purposes of this Section 7, , the term Boeing means and includes The Boeing Company, its divisions, subsidiaries, affiliates and the assignees of each. Nothing herein shall constitute an election or waiver of any remedy of Boeing all such remedies shall be cumulative. Boeing expressly reserves all of its rights and remedies under any agreement and applicable law. 
 8. Confidentiality . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801470. 
 9. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801472, the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 10. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 entitled Privileged and Confidential Matters. 
 If the foregoing correctly sets forth your understanding of our agreement with respect to the matters treated above, please indicate your acceptance and approval below. 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801463R5 SA-12 
 Matters for 737 and Certain 787 Aircraft Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Very truly yours, 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801463R5 SA-12 
 Matters for 737 and Certain 787 Aircraft Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date December 12, 2022 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801463R5 SA-12 
 Matters for 737 and Certain 787 Aircraft Page 4 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124 2207 

 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801465R3 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Open Matters MAX Aircraft 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04761 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 737 MAX aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. This Letter Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801465R2, dated February 26, 2021. 
 Given the long period of time between Purchase Agreement signing and delivery of Customer s first 737- Aircraft the 737- Aircraft and the continued development of the 737 MAX program, certain elements have not yet been defined. In consideration, Boeing and Customer agree to work together as the configuration of Customer s Boeing Model 737- and the 737- aircraft develops as follows 
 1. Aircraft Delivery Schedule . 
 1.a The scheduled delivery of Customer s 737- Aircraft are provided in Table 1 for the 737- Aircraft. The scheduled delivery of the 737- Aircraft, as of the date of this Letter Agreement is listed in Table 1 of the Purchase Agreement for Customer s standard configuration. The scheduled delivery will be provided in Table 1 for Customer s . Each of these three tables provides the delivery schedule in consisting of a nominal delivery Nominal Delivery . No later than prior to Nominal Delivery of Customer s first 737- Aircraft and first 737- Aircraft, as applicable, in each calendar year, Boeing will provide for each Aircraft with a Nominal Delivery in such calendar year. 
 1.b Customer and Boeing will consult on a frequent basis to keep each other informed as to Customer s fleet plans and Boeing s production plans in order to meet the requirements of both parties. Based on such reviews and discussions, Boeing will use commercially reasonable efforts to meet Customer s fleet needs when providing the notices required by Article 1.1. Such notices provided by Boeing will constitute an amendment to the applicable Table 1 of the Purchase Agreement. The amended applicable Table 1 shall be the scheduled delivery positions for the purposes of applying all provisions of the Purchase Agreements, including without limitation the BFE , and the . 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801465R3 SA-12 
 Open Matters Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

2. Aircraft Configuration . 
 2.1 The initial configuration of Customer's Model 737- Aircraft has been defined by Boeing 737- , 737- , 737- , 737- , 737- Airplane Description Document No. as described in Article 1 and Exhibit A of the Purchase Agreement Initial Configuration ). Final configuration of the 737- Aircraft and 737- Aircraft Final Configuration will be completed using the documentation in accordance with the following schedule 
 2.2.iFor the 737- , and both configurations of the 737- Aircraft, Boeing has provided Customer with Customer packages and Customer has provided its . 
 2.2.iiWithin following Final Configuration of the applicable Aircraft, Boeing and Customer will execute a written amendment to the Purchase Agreement which will reflect the following 
 2.2.2.1 Changes applicable to the 737- and 737- aircraft, as applicable, which are developed by Boeing between the date of signing of the Purchase Agreement and date of Final Configuration for Customer s 737- configuration and standard and alternate 737- configurations 
 2.2.2.2 Incorporation into the applicable Exhibit A of the Purchase Agreement, by written amendment, those features which have been agreed to by Customer and Boeing Customer Configuration Changes 
 2.2.2.3 Revisions to the applicable Supplemental Exhibit BFE1 to reflect the dates and of BFE 
 2.2.2.4 Changes to the Features Prices, and Aircraft Price to adjust for the difference, if any, between the in the applicable Table 1 of the Purchase Agreement for features reflected in the Aircraft Price and the of the features reflected in the Customer Configuration Changes. 
 3. Special Provisions for the 737- Aircraft . 
 
 4. Other Matters . 
 4.a. Boeing commits to work with Customer to review and features that Customer may into the Aircraft configuration prior to delivery to Customer. After each such review, Boeing and Customer shall agree as to the features which Boeing can make available for the Aircraft using commercially reasonable efforts and the terms for . 
 4.b. Boeing and Customer shall meet regularly to determine in good faith mutually acceptable terms and conditions with respect to certain , commencing in . 
 4.3 Boeing and Customer shall work in good faith to streamline the Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-2100718R4 titled Aircraft and Special Matters . 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801465R3 SA-12 
 Open Matters Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

5. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801472, the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 6. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801470. 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801465R3 SA-12 
 Open Matters Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date December 12, 2022 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801465R3 SA-12 
 Open Matters Page 4 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801467R6 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Special Matters MAX Aircraft 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04761 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 737 MAX aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. This Letter Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801467R5 dated November 30, 2021. 
 1. 
 1.a 737- . 
 At the time of delivery of each 737- Aircraft, Boeing . 
 1.b 
 At the time of delivery of the . 
 1.c 737- Aircraft . 
 At the time of delivery of each 737- Aircraft, Boeing 737- Aircraft . 
 1.d 737- . 
 At the time of delivery of each 737- Aircraft, Boeing 737- ). Boeing represents that the of this 737- is consistent with the terms of Letter Agreement 6-1162-KKT-080R1, as amended. 
 1.e 737- . 
 At the time of delivery of . 
 1.f 737- . 
 At the time of delivery of . 
 1.g Special 737- . 
 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801467R6 SA-12 
 Special Matters Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES PROPRIETARY 

1.h 
 
 Table Reference Description Quantity of Aircraft 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 
 1.i Special 737 . 
 
 Aircraft Type Number 
 Description Quantity of 737- Aircraft 

- 
 1.j 737- . Pursuant to the Letter, Customer may the purchase of 737- aircraft in place of certain Aircraft 737- Aircraft ). At the time of delivery of each 737- Aircraft, Boeing the Airframe Price of the 737- Aircraft which shall equal 737- ). 
 1.k 737- . At the time of delivery of . 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801467R6 SA-12 
 Special Matters Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES PROPRIETARY 

1.l 
 2. 
 Unless otherwise noted, the amounts of the stated in (i) Sections 1.1 through 1.2 are in for 737- Aircraft and (i) Sections 1.3 through 1.7 are in for 737- and 737- Aircraft. The will be . 
 3. 737 Management . 
 It is Boeing s 737 MAX design intent to the 737 MAX . If a leads to a to be only through a for the 737 MAX where . 
 4. Diversity . 
 Customer and Boeing agree to work towards a mutually agreeable solution for meeting diversity requirements in the . Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, Boeing agrees to (i) identify where Customer makes the for potential opportunities (ii) submit indirect reports until other are and (iii) continue to engage with Customer with regard to diversity to ensure . 
 5. Assignment . 
 Unless otherwise noted herein, the described in this Letter Agreement are provided as . Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801472, this Letter Agreement cannot be assigned, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Boeing. For purposes of the assignment of a security interest in exchange for financing towards the purchase of the Aircraft, an assignable credit memorandum amount will be determined via mutual agreement between Customer and Boeing, and Boeing s consent to assign such credit memorandum will not be unreasonably withheld. 
 6. Confidentiality 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801470. 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801467R6 SA-12 
 Special Matters Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date December 12, 2022 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801467R6 SA-12 
 Special Matters Page 4 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801474R2 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject for the 737- Aircraft 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04761 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Continental Holdings, Inc. Customer relating to Model 737 MAX aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. For the purposes of this Letter Agreement, the term 737- Aircraft shall also include any 737- aircraft the Purchase Agreement subsequent to the date of this Letter Agreement. This Letter Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801474R1. 
 1. Definitions . 
 737- Notice means the written communication provided by Boeing to Customer in accordance with the requirements of Article 4.1, below. 
 737- Program Aircraft means each 737- Aircraft specified in the Purchase Agreement. 
 2. Applicability . 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Purchase Agreement to the contrary, the parties agree that the for the Airframe Price and Features Prices for each 737- Program Aircraft shall be determined in accordance with this Letter Agreement. 
 3. 
 Boeing will release an in of each year based on Boeing s . Only one shall be used to conduct the analysis performed in accordance with Article 4.1, below, for a given 737- Program Aircraft. The applicable to a given 737- Program Aircraft is set forth in Attachment A. 
 4. 
 4.a If the forecast, as set forth in Article 3, above, , as set forth in Attachment B, of any 737- Program Aircraft that is , as set forth in Attachment A, then Boeing shall issue a 737- Notice to the Customer by the date set forth in Attachment A. Such 737- Notice shall, , either 
 4.1.i for such affected 737- Program Aircraft as set forth in Attachment B or 
 4.1.iiprovide Customer with the as set forth in Attachment B and the factor determined in accordance with or 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801474R2 SA-12 
 Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

4.1.iiiprovide Customer with the as set forth in Attachment B, with Boeing and Customer as set forth in Attachment B . 
 4.1.ivIn the event that Boeing either the 737- Notice as detailed in Article 4.1.2 or Article 4.1.3 and , then Customer the Purchase Agreement with respect to such affected 737- Program Aircraft. 
 4.b If Boeing provides Customer the described in Article 4.1.2 or Article 4.1.3 above, then Customer shall notify Boeing contained in Articles 4.1.2, 4.1.3, or 4.1.4 above within of its receipt of the 737- Notice from Boeing. In the event Customer in accordance with Article 4.1.4 above, then Boeing to Customer, for the 737- Program Aircraft. 
 i.Within of Boeing s receipt of notice for any such 737- Program Aircraft under Article 4.2 above, Boeing by written notice to Customer to related to such 737- Program Aircraft , by Customer. 
 ii.Should Customer any notice to Boeing in accordance with Article 4.2 above, then the for such 737- Program Aircraft shall be in accordance with Article 4.1.2. 
 4.c In the event that the of a 737- Program Aircraft that is subject to either Article 4.1.1, Article 4.1.2 or Article 4.1.3 above, applicable to such 737- Program Aircraft will be determined pursuant to Article 5 below. 
 5. 
 4.a. If the , as set forth in Article 3, of any 737- Program Aircraft as set forth in Attachment B and as set forth in Attachment B, for such 737- Program Aircraft as set forth in Attachment B as set forth in Attachment B . 
 4.b. In the event the of a 737- Program Aircraft subject to Article 5.1 above, applicable to such 737- Program Aircraft will be determined pursuant to Article 6 below. 
 6. 
 If the , as set forth in Article 3, above, , as set forth in Attachment B, of any 737- Program Aircraft such , as set forth in Attachment A, then applicable to such 737- Program Aircraft shall be as follows 
 6.1 If the of a 737- Program Aircraft, as set forth in Attachment B for such 737- Program Aircraft, then the for such 737- Program Aircraft. 
 1.a If the of a 737- Program Aircraft, as set forth in Attachment B for such 737- Program Aircraft, then the for such 737- Program Aircraft as set forth in Attachment B. 
 7. 
 , identified in the Purchase Agreement as subject to pursuant to Supplemental Exhibit AE2, and which pertains to the 737- Program Aircraft shall be established in this Letter Agreement for such 737- Program Aircraft other provisions of the Purchase Agreement . 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801474R2 SA-12 
 Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

8. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801472, the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 9. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA- 1801470. 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801474R2 SA-12 
 Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date December 12, 2022 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801474R2 SA-12 
 Page 4 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ATTACHMENT A 
 & 737- Notice Date 

Applicable to 737- Program Aircraft Delivering in Time Period 
 737- Notice Date 
 
 Attachment A to UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801474R2 SA-12 
 Att. A, Page 1 of 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ATTACHMENT B 

Attachment B to UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801474R2 SA-12 
 Att. B, Page 1 of 5 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801478R2 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Delivery Matters 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04761 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 737 MAX aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. This Letter Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801478R1, dated June 27, 2021. 
 1. 
 has requested, and has agreed to provide, in respect of 737 Aircraft . will provide in respect of Aircraft subject to the terms and conditions contained in this Letter Agreement. 
 1.a 
 1.b Notice Requirement . Customer may by giving written notice to Boeing on or before the date that is prior to the first day of the delivery specified in Table 1 for the applicable 737 Aircraft. 
 1.c 
 2. 
 Should successfully its pursuant to the terms of this Letter Agreement, will be provided with a in respect of any subject to the following terms and conditions 
 4.a. Each may a Aircraft scheduled for delivery on or after . 
 4.b. will be provided with after every . Unless pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Letter Agreement, each from the first day of the month that such is made available to . 
 4.c. by providing with written notification at least prior to the first day of the either the delivery month or delivery month of the Aircraft for which the will be applied to. 
 3. Rights. 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801478R2 SA-12 
 Delivery Matters Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

has requested, and has agreed to provide, delivery in the form of rights Customer Right s )) in respect of 737 Aircraft contracted for scheduled delivery after 737 Aircraft ). will provide Rights in respect of 737 Aircraft subject to the terms and conditions contained in this Letter Agreement. 
 1.a . Customer may a Customer Right in respect of any 737 Aircraft in a quantity 737 Aircraft with scheduled delivery during the period commencing . 
 1.b Each Customer Right (i) is offered to Customer Aircraft in the delivery month and (ii) will require 737 Aircraft with an Aircraft that the parties agree . 
 1.c Notice Requirement . Customer of any Customer Right shall be made by providing Boeing with advance written notification that is prior to the delivery month of the Aircraft. 
 4. Definitive Agreement . 
 If Customer (i) agrees with the . The Supplemental Agreement will include the provisions of the Purchase Agreement as modified to reflect the provisions of this Letter Agreement. If Customer with any such proposed delivery month of a Aircraft or Aircraft, then the delivery month of such 737 Aircraft and or 737 Aircraft is , i.e., from the month of delivery specified in the Table 1 in effect at that time or from the month of delivery specified in the Table 1 in effect at that time, each as applicable, until Customer and Boeing agree to delivery month for such 737 Aircraft and or such 737 Aircraft. 
 5. BFE SPE Matters . 
 Subject to Boeing having . 
 6. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801472, the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801478R2 SA-12 
 Delivery Matters Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

7. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801470. 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-In-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801478R2 SA-12 
 Delivery Matters Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date December 12, 2022 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

PART 1 PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO ORIGINAL DEFERRAL ELIGIBLE AIRCRAFT 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801478R2 SA-12 
 Delivery Matters Page 4 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04761-LA-1807022R7 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Aircraft 737- 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. PA-04761 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 737 MAX aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. This Letter Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04761-LA-1807022R6 dated June 30, 2022. 
 1. Aircraft . 
 Subject to the terms and conditions contained in this Letter Agreement, in addition to the Aircraft described in both Table 1 s to the Purchase Agreement as of the date of execution of this Letter Agreement, Customer will have the Model 737- aircraft as aircraft Aircraft) . 
 2. Delivery . 
 The number of aircraft and delivery are listed in Attachment A-1 Attachment A to this Letter Agreement. The scheduled delivery position of each Aircraft listed in Attachment A provides the delivery schedule in consisting of a . No later than of Customer s first Aircraft in each calendar year, Boeing will provide written notice with a Attachment A of the scheduled delivery for each Aircraft with a in such calendar year. 
 3. Configuration . 
 3.a Subject to the provisions of Article 3.2, below, the configuration for the Aircraft will be the Detail Specification for Boeing Model 737- aircraft, at the revision level in effect at the time of Definitive Agreement (as defined below). Such Detail Specification applicable to the Detail Specification that are developed by Boeing between the (as defined below) and the signing of the Definitive Agreement, (ii) changes required to obtain required regulatory certificates, and (iii) other changes as mutually agreed. 
 3.b Subject to , the Aircraft , provided that it can achieve the which would result pursuant to the provisions of Article 3.1. 
 4. Price . 
 4.a. The Airframe Price and Features Prices for each of the Aircraft is identified in Attachment A to this Letter Agreement. . 
 4.b. The Airframe Price, Features Prices, and Aircraft Price for each of the Aircraft shall be adjusted in accordance with the terms set forth in . 
 4.c. The Price shall be developed in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement and determined at the time of Definitive Agreement. 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1807022R7 SA-12 
 Aircraft 737- Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

5. Payment . 
 1.a 
 1.b Notwithstanding the amount shown in Attachment A, the Deposit will be for each Aircraft. 
 1.c At Definitive Agreement for the Aircraft, will be as specified in the Purchase Agreement. The remainder of the Aircraft Price for the Aircraft will be . 
 6. 
 6.a Customer may by giving written notice to Boeing 
 6.1.iSubject to , on or before the date or 
 6.1.iiOn or on or before the date (the date in Section 6.1.1 and in Section 6.1.2, as applicable, are referred to herein as the Date ). 
 6.b After receipt of Customer s . 
 6.c 
 7. Definitive Agreement . 
 Following Customer s the parties will sign a definitive agreement for the purchase of such Aircraft Definitive Agreement within . The Definitive Agreement will include the provisions of the Purchase Agreement as modified to reflect the provisions of this Letter Agreement. In the event the parties have not entered into a Definitive Agreement within , either party . If Customer and Boeing fail to enter into the Definitive Agreement, Boeing . 
 8. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801472, the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or in part. 
 9. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801470. 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1807022R7 SA-12 
 Aircraft 737- Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this 
 Date December 12, 2022 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04761-LA-1807022R7 SA-12 
 Aircraft 737- Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A-1 to Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1807022R7 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Airframe Model MTOW 737- pounds Detail Specification Engine Model Thrust pounds + Airframe Price Base Year Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Formula Features Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Airframe Data Engine Price (Per Aircraft) Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) Estimate Deposit per Aircraft New Delivery Date Number of Aircraft Factor (Airframe) Actual or Nominal Delivery Estimate Base Price Per A P Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Prior to Delivery) Total - 
 + - 
 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1807022R7 SA-12 
 Aircraft 737- Page 4 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124 2207 

UAL-PA-04761-LA-1807490R2 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject 737- Aircraft and 737- Aircraft 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. PA-04761 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 737 MAX aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. This Letter Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04761-LA-1807490R1. 
 1. Definitions . 
 Notice means the written communication provided by Boeing to Customer in accordance with the requirements of Article 4.1, below. 
 Program Aircraft means each 737- Aircraft and 737- Aircraft under the Purchase Agreement. 
 2. Applicability . 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Purchase Agreement to the contrary, the parties agree that the for the Airframe Price and Features Prices for each Program Aircraft shall be determined in accordance with this Letter Agreement. 
 3. 
 Boeing will release an in of each year based on Boeing s . Only one shall be used to conduct the analysis performed in accordance with Article 4.1, below, for a given Program Aircraft. The applicable to a given Program Aircraft is set forth in Attachment A. 
 4. 
 4.a 
 4.1.i 
 4.1.ii 
 4.1.iii 
 4.1.ivIn the event that Boeing either the Notice as detailed in Article 4.1.2 or Article 4.1.3 and Customer , then Customer the Purchase Agreement with respect to such affected Program Aircraft. 
 4.b If Boeing provides Customer the described in Article 4.1.2 or Article 4.1.3 above, then Customer shall notify Boeing contained in Articles 4.1.2, 4.1.3, or 4.1.4 above within of its receipt of the Notice from Boeing. In the event Customer in accordance with Article 4.1.4 above, then Boeing . 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1807490R2 SA-12 
 Escalation-Banded Fixed Program 737- 8 & 737- 9 Aircraft Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

i.Within of Boeing s receipt of notice for any such Program Aircraft under Article 4.2 above, Boeing written notice to Customer . 
 ii.Should Customer any notice to Boeing in accordance with Article 4.2 above, then the for such Program Aircraft shall be calculated in accordance with Article 4.1.2. 
 4.c In the event that the of a Program Aircraft that is subject to either Article 4.1.1, Article 4.1.2 or Article 4.1.3 above, applicable to such Program Aircraft will be determined pursuant to Article 5 below. 
 5. 
 6. 
 7. Applicability to . 
 The , identified in the Purchase Agreement as subject to pursuant to Supplemental Exhibit AE1, and which pertains to the Program Aircraft . 
 8. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801472, the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 9. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801470. 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1807490R2 SA-12 
 737- & 737- Aircraft Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date December 12, 2022 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04761-LA-1807490R2 SA-12 
 737- & 737- Aircraft Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ATTACHMENT A 
 & Notice Date 

Applicable to Program Aircraft Delivering in Time Period Notice Date 

UAL-PA-04761-LA-1807490R2 SA-12 
 737- & 737- Aircraft Page 4 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ATTACHMENT B 

UAL-PA-04761-LA-1807490R2 SA-12 
 737- & 737- Aircraft Page 5 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04761-LA-2100718R4 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Aircraft and Special Matters 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04761 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 737 MAX aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. This Letter Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04761-LA-2100718R3 dated November 29, 2022. 
 1. Definitions . 
 Aircraft shall be comprised of each of the following Aircraft 
 (a) each of the 737- Aircraft specified in Table 1 titled 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and as of the date of this Letter Agreement (each an 737- Aircraft 
 (b) each of the 737- Aircraft specified in Table 1 titled 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and as of the date of this Letter Agreement (each an 737- Aircraft 
 (c) each of the 737- Aircraft specified in Table 1 titled 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 737- Aircraft 
 (d) each of the 737- Aircraft specified in Table 1 titled 737- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and as of the date of this Letter Agreement (each a 737- Aircraft 
 (e) each 737- Aircraft resulting from Customer s in any of the 737- Aircraft scheduled for delivery in pursuant to Letter Agreement LA- , including successors thereof, titled Aircraft 737- shall be a 737- Aircraft) and 
 (f) each 737- Aircraft resulting from Customer s Rights pursuant to Letter Agreement LA- 22005995, including successors thereof, titled Rights shall be a 737- Aircraft. 
 2. for the 737- Aircraft . 
 In addition to the specified in Sections 1.3 and 1.4 of Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801467R6, including successors thereof, titled Special Matters - MAX Aircraft MAX Special Matters Letter ), at the time of delivery of each 737- Aircraft, Boeing shall . 
 3. Special Provisions for the 737- Aircraft . 
 3.a In addition to the specified in Section 1.1 of the MAX Special Matters Letter, each 737- Aircraft will be eligible for the provided in this Section 3. 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-2100718R4 SA-12 
 Certain Special Matters for the Aircraft Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

3.b Customer has requested from Boeing on the . 
 3.c In response to Customer s requests . 
 3.d As specified in Section 3.3, Customer shall purchase Aircraft specified in Attachment A to this Letter Agreement . 

4. 
 5. 
 6. 
 7. 
 8. Assignment . 
 Unless otherwise noted herein, the described in this Letter Agreement . Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801472, this Letter Agreement cannot be assigned, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Boeing. 
 9. Confidentiality . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801470. 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-2100718R4 SA-12 
 Certain Special Matters for the Aircraft Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date December 12, 2022 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04761-LA-2100718R4 SA-12 
 Certain Special Matters for the Aircraft Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A 
 Aircraft Eligible for Section 3.4 
 The Aircraft in the table below are for Section 4 in accordance with the terms and conditions of Section 3.4 of this Letter Agreement. 

Attachment A to UAL-PA-04761-LA-2100718R4 SA-12 
 Certain Special Matters for the Aircraft Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A, continued Summary of All Available for Aircraft Eligible for Section 3.4 

Attachment A to UAL-PA-04761-LA-2100718R4 SA-12 
 Certain Special Matters for the Aircraft Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A, continued 
 Aircraft Eligible for Section 3.4 Credit Memoranda 

Attachment A to UAL-PA-04761-LA-2100718R4 SA-12 
 Certain Special Matters for the Incremental Aircraft Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment B Summary of Available for 737- Aircraft and Aircraft 

#- 
 +- 
 - 
 Attachment B to UAL-PA-04761-LA-2100718R4 SA-12 
 Certain Special Matters for the Aircraft Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04761-LA-2103236R1 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject 737- Aircraft 
 References 1) Purchase Agreement No. 04761 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 737 MAX aircraft Aircraft ), including Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801468 entitled Letter Agreement and Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-2100718R4 entitled Aircraft and Matters Aircraft Letter Agreement and 
 2) Aircraft General Terms Agreement dated as of October 10, 1997 between the parties, identified as AGTA-CAL AGTA 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. This Letter Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04761-LA-2103236 dated June 27, 2021. 
 Definition of Terms 
 
 1. 
 2. 
 3. 
 4. 
 5. 
 6. 
 7. 
 8. 
 9. 
 10. 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-2103236R1 SA-12 
 737- Aircraft Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETERY 

11. 
 12. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801472, the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 13. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801470. 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-2103236R1 SA-12 
 737- Aircraft Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this 
 Date December 12, 2022 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04761-LA-2103236R1 SA-12 
 737- Aircraft Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Exhibit A 737- Program Update 
 Form that the 737- Program Update will take is a periodic conference call 
 Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, , with presentation materials to be circulated after such call. 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-2103236R1 SA-12 
 737- Aircraft Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04761-LA-22005995 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Rights 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04761 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 737 MAX aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 1. Right to Aircraft . 
 Subject to the terms and conditions contained herein, in addition to the Aircraft described in Table 1 to the Purchase Agreement as of the date of execution of this Letter Agreement, Customer will have the right to Boeing Model 737- aircraft as right aircraft Right Aircraft ). 
 2. Delivery . 
 The Right Aircraft are available position taking into account for delivery no later than . Delivery Period as identified in Attachment A to this Letter Agreement. The delivery are subject to the as provided for the Aircraft. 
 3. Configuration. 
 3.a Subject to the provisions of Article 3.2, below, the configuration for the Right Aircraft will be the for Model 737- aircraft at the at the time of the Notice of and described in Attachment A to this Letter Agreement. Such will be applicable to such that are between the date of such and the signing of the Definitive Agreement (as defined below), , and . 
 3.b Boeing to configure the Purchase Aircraft starting from a , provided that it can achieve the which would result pursuant to the provisions of Article 3.1 
 4. Price . 
 4.a. The Airframe Price and Features Prices for each of the Right Aircraft is identified in Attachment A to this Letter Agreement. The Airframe Price and Features Prices that will be identified in the Definitive Agreement for the Right Aircraft (i) the Airframe Price and Features Prices as of the date of execution of the Purchase Agreement for the Aircraft, and (ii) for any between the date of execution of the Purchase Agreement for the Aircraft and the date of execution of the Definitive Agreement for the Right Aircraft, the Features Prices associated with will be those first . For the avoidance of doubt, Features Prices that are as of the date of execution of the Purchase 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-22005995 SA-12 
 Rights Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Agreement for the Aircraft will be adjusted to the as the Features Prices for the Aircraft in accordance with Boeing uses to establish the base year Airframe Price for its aircraft. The resulting Airframe Price and Features Prices for the Right Aircraft in accordance with Supplemental Exhibit AE1. Boeing represents that the provided in this Article 4.1 are consistent with the terms of . 
 4.b. The Airframe Price, Price, if applicable, Features Prices, and Aircraft Basic Price for each of the Right Aircraft will be in accordance with the terms set forth in Article 2.1.5 of the AGTA. 
 4.c. The Price shall be developed in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement and determined at the time of Definitive Agreement. 
 5. Payment . 
 Subject to the terms and conditions of UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801463R5 
 1.a Customer will pay to Boeing in the amount shown in Attachment A for each Right Aircraft Right , on the date of execution of this Letter Agreement. If Customer a Right, the Right will be for such Right Aircraft. If there are Rights on , then Boeing will Right Right(s) and apply it, , to on any Boeing aircraft as . 
 1.b Notwithstanding the amount shown in Attachment A, the Right will be for each Right. 
 1.c At Definitive Agreement, will be payable as set forth in Table 1 of the Purchase Agreement. The of the Aircraft Price for each Right Aircraft at the time of delivery. The Base Price used to determine the will be developed in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement and determined at the time of Definitive Agreement. 
 6. 
 Customer a Right by giving written notice to Boeing on or before the first day of the prior to the desired delivery month within the Delivery Period, specifying the desired of delivery within the Delivery Period ). Such will be to the account specified below, of Boeing s for Model 737 aircraft Deposit for each Right Aircraft subject to the . The Deposit will be . 

At the time of its receipt of each , Boeing will advise Customer as to the availability of the . 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-22005995 SA-12 
 Rights Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

7. Definitive Agreement . 
 Following Customer s of a Right in accordance with the terms and conditions stated herein and Boeing s identification of an acceptable to Customer, the parties will sign a definitive agreement for the purchase of such Right Aircraft Definitive Agreement . The Definitive Agreement will include the provisions of the Purchase Agreement as modified to reflect the provisions of this Letter Agreement and other terms and conditions as may be . 
 8. General . 
 Each Right at the time of execution of the Definitive Agreement for the applicable Right Aircraft, or, due to the requirements in Section 6 of the Letter Agreement. 
 9. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801472, the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 10. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801470. 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-In-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-22005995 SA-12 
 Rights Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date December 12, 2022 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

PART 1 PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO ORIGINAL DEFERRAL ELIGIBLE AIRCRAFT 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-22005995 SA-12 
 Rights Page 4 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A to Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-22005995 
 737- Rights 

 Airframe Model MTOW 737- 
 pounds 
 Detail Specification Engine Model Thrust pounds 
 + Airframe Price Base Year Formula 
 Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Formula 
 Features 
 Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Airframe Data 
 Engine Price (Per Aircraft) Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) Estimate Deposit per Aircraft 
 
 - 
 + - 
 Attachment A to UAL-PA-04761-LA-22005995 SA-12 
 Rights Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04761-LA-22006107 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject 737 MAX Special 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04761 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 737 MAX aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 Boeing and Customer wish to enter into an agreement for in support of the Aircraft as more specifically provided below. 
 1. Definitions . 
 Performance Period shall mean the period beginning , as may be pursuant to Section 3 herein . 
 Performance Sub-Period shall mean each of the within the Performance Period. The first Performance Sub-Period will end on . 
 shall mean mutually agreed . 
 Qualifying Third Party Fees shall mean fees paid by Customer to third party providers for provided to Customer during the Performance Period. 
 2. Commitment . 
 In further consideration of Customer s purchase of the SA-12 Aircraft, Boeing agrees to provide to Customer during the Performance Period in a value not to exceed a . 
 3. Methods of Performance . 
 Boeing provided shall be spent on selected at and shall be made available for or as for selected by Customer. Payment shall be made within of presentation of . The amount made available in any Performance Sub-Period shall be , . amounts from each Annual Fund in any of the Performance Sub-Periods shall . Boeing will advise Customer on or about of the amount of any Commitment Fund. For clarity, Boeing shall have to Customer for any Commitment Fund amount . 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-22006107 SA-12 
 Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Accordingly, Boeing will advise Customer on or about of the amount of any Commitment Fund. 
 4. Availability of Boeing Services . 
 Following the execution of this Letter Agreement, a Boeing representative will meet with Customer s designated representative to (i) . 
 5. Confidentiality . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801470. 
 6. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04761-LA-1801472, the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 If the foregoing correctly sets forth your understanding of our agreement with respect to the matters treated above, please indicate your acceptance and approval below. 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-22006107 SA-12 
 MAX Special Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date December 12, 2022 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04761-LA-22006107 SA-12 
 MAX Special Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

</EX-10.91>

<EX-10.92>
 7
 ual_12312210kex1092.htm
 EX-10.92

Document 
 Exhibit 10.92 
 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. OMITTED INFORMATION HAS BEEN REPLACED WITH ASTERISKS. 

 PURCHASE AGREEMENT NUMBER 04815 
 
 between 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 
 and 
 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 
 relating to 
 
 BOEING MODEL 787 AIRCRAFT 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

PURCHASE AGREEMENT NO. 04815 
 
 between 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 
 and 
 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 
 This Purchase Agreement No. 04815 between The Boeing Company, a Delaware corporation, Boeing and United Airlines, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Customer ), dated as of the date executed below Effective Date ), relating to the purchase and sale of Model 787 aircraft together with all tables, exhibits, supplemental exhibits, letter agreements and other attachments thereto, if any, Purchase Agreement incorporates the terms and conditions (except as specifically set forth below) of the Aircraft General Terms Agreement dated as of October 10, 1997 between the parties, identified as AGTA-CAL AGTA ). 
 1. Quantity, Model and Description . 
 The aircraft to be delivered to Customer will be designated as Model 787- aircraft, model 787- or model 787- Aircraft ). Boeing will manufacture and sell to Customer Aircraft conforming to the configuration described in Exhibit A in the quantities listed in Table 1 to the Purchase Agreement. 
 2. Delivery Schedule . 
 The scheduled months of delivery of the Aircraft are listed in the attached Table 1. The scheduled delivery month for any Aircraft may be with by Boeing to Customer Delivery ). If the scheduled delivery month is , then only those obligations to be performed under the Purchase Agreement after the Delivery will be performed to the delivery month. Exhibit B describes certain responsibilities for both Customer and Boeing in order to accomplish the delivery of the Aircraft. 
 3. Price . 
 3.a Aircraft Basic Price . The Aircraft Basic Price is listed in Table 1 and is subject to in accordance with the terms of this Purchase Agreement. 
 3.b Payment Base Prices . The Payment Base Prices listed in Table 1 were calculated utilizing the on the date of this Purchase Agreement to the month of scheduled delivery 
 UAL-PA-04815 Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

4. Payment . 
 4.a Boeing acknowledges receipt of a deposit in the amount shown in Table 1 for each Aircraft Deposit ). 
 4.b The standard payment schedule for the Model 787 aircraft requires Customer to make certain payments, expressed in a percentage of the Base Price of each Aircraft beginning with a payment of percent ), less the Deposit, due within of the Effective Date. Additional payments for each Aircraft are due as specified of the months listed in the attached Table 1. 
 4.c For any Aircraft whose scheduled month of delivery is less than from the Effective Date, the total amount of payments due within of the Effective Date will include all payments which are past due in accordance with the standard payment schedule set forth in paragraph 4.2 above. 
 4.d Customer will pay the balance of the Aircraft Price of each Aircraft . 
 5. Additional Terms . 
 5.a Aircraft Information Table . Table 1 consolidates information contained in Articles 1, 2, 3 and 4 with respect to (i) quantity of Aircraft, (ii) applicable Detail Specification, (iii) month and year of scheduled deliveries, (iv) Aircraft Basic Price, (v) applicable factors and (vi) Payment Base Prices and payments and their schedules. 
 5.b . Supplemental Exhibit AE1 contains the applicable formula . 
 5.c Buyer Furnished Equipment Variables . Supplemental Exhibit BFE1 contains supplier selection dates, on-dock dates and other variables applicable to the Aircraft. 
 5.d Customer Support Variables . Information, training, services and other things furnished by Boeing in support of introduction of the Aircraft into Customer s fleet are described in Supplemental Exhibit CS1. Supplemental Exhibit CS1 supersedes in its entirety Exhibit B to the AGTA, and, for clarity, all references to Exhibit B to the AGTA will be deemed to refer to Supplemental Exhibit CS1 to the Purchase Agreement. If Customer obtains, or is set to obtain, duplicative training and planning assistance from that specified in Supplemental Exhibit CS1, then Boeing may adjust Supplemental Exhibit CS1 accordingly. 
 5.e Engine Variables . Supplemental Exhibit EE1 contains the applicable engine formula, the engine warranty for the Aircraft , describes the applicable engine formula and contains the engine warranty for the Aircraft. 
 5.f Service Life Policy Component Variables . Supplemental Exhibit SLP1 lists the SLP Components covered by the Service Life Policy for the Aircraft. 
 5.g Public Announcement . Boeing and Customer reserve the right to make a public announcement regarding Customer s purchase of the Aircraft upon approval of their respective press release by the other party s public relations department or other authorized representative. 
 UAL-PA-04815 Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

5.h Negotiated Agreement Entire Agreement . This Purchase Agreement, including the provisions of Article 8.2 of the AGTA relating to insurance, and Article 11 of Part 2 of Exhibit C of the AGTA relating to DISCLAIMER AND RELEASE and EXCLUSION OF CONSEQUENTIAL AND OTHER DAMAGES, has been the subject of discussion and negotiation and is understood by the parties and the Aircraft Price and other agreements of the parties stated in this Purchase Agreement were arrived at in consideration of such provisions. This Purchase Agreement, including the AGTA, contains the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all previous proposals, understandings, commitments or representations whatsoever, oral or written, and may be changed only in writing signed by authorized representatives of the parties. 
 AGREED AND ACCEPTED this 31 st day of May of 2018 

THE BOEING COMPANY UNITED AIRLINES, INC. s Irma L. Krueger s Gerald Laderman Signature Signature Irma L. Krueger Gerald Laderman Printed Name Printed Name 
 Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 Senior Vice President Finance and acting Chief Financial Officer 
 Title Title 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 ARTICLES SA NUMBER 
 Article 1. Quantity, Model and Description Article 2. Delivery Schedule Article 3. Price Article 4. Payment 
 UAL-PA-04815 Page 4 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Article 5. Additional Terms TABLE 1. 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 EXHIBITS A 787- Aircraft Configuration 
 A2 787- Aircraft Configuration 
 B. Aircraft Delivery Requirements and Responsibilities 
 SUPPLEMENTAL EXHIBITS AE1. Airframe and Features for the 787 Aircraft 
 BFE1. BFE Variables 787- Aircraft 
 CS1. Customer Support Document 
 EE1. Engine , Engine Warranty 
 SLP1. Service Life Policy Components 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED LETTER AGREEMENTS SA NUMBER 
 LA-1802881 Open Configuration Matters LA-1802882 Special Matters Relating to COTS Software and End User License Agreements 
 LA-1802883 Installation of Cabin Systems Equipment 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Page 5 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

LA-1802884 Model 787 Post-Delivery Software & Data Loading 
 LA-1802885 Aircraft Model 
 Attachment A, 787- Airframe Pricing of Aircraft with 
 Attachment B, 787- with 
 Attachment C, 787- with 
 LA-1802886 Special Matters LA-1802887 LA-1802888 for 787- Aircraft 
 LA-1802889 Demonstration Flight Waiver LA-1802890 Privileged and Confidential Matters LA-1802891 787- 
 LA-1802892 787 Special Terms Seats LA-1802893 AGTA Matters LA-1802894 Assignment Matters LA-1802895 Matters 
 LA-1802896 Model 787 e- Enabling TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED LETTER AGREEMENTS SA NUMBER 
 LA-1802897 Aircraft 
 Attachment A-1, 787- with Engines Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 Attachment A-2, 787- with Engines Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 LA-1802898 Rights for Certain 787 Aircraft 

UAL-PA-04815 Page 6 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Table 1 to Purchase Agreement No. 04815 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and (787- Airframe Model MTOW 787- pounds 1 Detail Specification 4Q15 External Fcst Engine Model Thrust pounds 2 Airframe Price Base Year Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Formula Features 3 Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Airframe Data Engine Price (Per Aircraft) 2 Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Engine Data In-Flight Entertainment (IFE) Estimate Base Year Index (ECI) Deposit per Aircraft 4 Base Year Index (CPI) # of Aircraft Delivery Date Number of Aircraft Factor (Airframe) Factor (Engine) Forecast Estimate Base Price Per A P Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Prior to Delivery) Total 1 
 2 Engine model, thrust and pricing are 
 3 Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802881 entitled Open Configuration Matters 
 4 Amount is as of the Effective Date 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Page 7 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

AIRCRAFT CONFIGURATION 
 
 between 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 
 and 
 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 
 EXHIBIT A to PURCHASE AGREEMENT NUMBER 04815 

UAL-PA-04815-EXA Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 AIRCRAFT CONFIGURATION 
 
 relating to 
 
 BOEING MODEL 787- AIRCRAFT 

The Airframe Price in Table 1 specified in Attachment 1 to this Exhibit A to the provisions of Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802881 to the Purchase Agreement, entitled Open Configuration Matters . 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-EXA Page 2 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

787- AIRCRAFT CONFIGURATION 
 
 between 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 
 and 
 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 

Exhibit A2 to Purchase Agreement Number 04815 for 

787- Aircraft with 

P.A. No. 04815 A2 SA-9 
 PA_Exhibit_A2 Rev. 10 3 07 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Exhibit A2 to Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Page 2 

AIRCRAFT CONFIGURATION 

relating to 

BOEING MODEL 787- AIRCRAFT 

The Detail Specification is Boeing document entitled . The Detail Specification provides further description of Customer s configuration set forth in this Exhibit A and . As soon as practicable, Boeing will furnish to Customer copies of the Detail Specification, which copies will reflect such . 
 
 There is . 

P.A. No. 04815 A2-2 SA-9 
 PA_Exhibit_A2 Rev. 10 3 07 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Exhibit A2 to Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Page 3 

Number 
 Title Price 787- Aircraft 
 Price 787- Aircraft 

P.A. No. 04815 A2-3 SA-9 
 PA_Exhibit_A2 Rev. 10 3 07 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

AIRCRAFT DELIVERY REQUIREMENTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
 between 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 
 and 
 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 
 EXHIBIT B to PURCHASE AGREEMENT NUMBER 04815 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-EXB Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

EXHIBIT B 
 
 AIRCRAFT DELIVERY REQUIREMENTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
 relating to 
 
 BOEING MODEL 787 AIRCRAFT 
 Both Boeing and Customer have certain documentation and approval responsibilities at various times during the construction cycle of Customer s Aircraft that are critical to making the delivery of each Aircraft a positive experience for both parties. This Exhibit B documents those responsibilities and indicates recommended completion deadlines for the actions to be accomplished. If Customer fails to meet any particular deadline for an Aircraft, such failure shall not be deemed a breach of the Purchase Agreement provided that Customer promptly contacts Boeing to negotiate and agree upon a later deadline that will not interrupt Boeing's manufacturing operations nor cause a delay in delivery of the affected Aircraft. 
 1. GOVERNMENT DOCUMENTATION REQUIREMENTS . 
 Certain actions are required to be taken by Customer of the scheduled delivery month of each Aircraft with respect to obtaining certain government issued documentation. 
 1.a Airworthiness and Registration Documents . Not later than prior to delivery of each Aircraft, Customer will notify Boeing of the registration number to be painted on the side of the Aircraft. In addition, and not later than prior to delivery of each Aircraft, Customer will, by letter to the regulatory authority having jurisdiction, authorize the temporary use of such registration numbers by Boeing during the pre-delivery testing of the Aircraft. 
 Customer is responsible for furnishing any temporary or permanent registration certificates required by any governmental authority having jurisdiction to be displayed aboard the Aircraft after delivery. 
 1.b Certificate of Sanitary Construction . 
 1.1.i U.S. Registered Aircraft . Boeing will obtain from the United States Public Health Service, a United States Certificate of Sanitary Construction to be displayed aboard each Aircraft after delivery to Customer. The above Boeing obligation only applies to commercial passenger-configured aircraft. 
 1.1.ii Non-U.S. Registered Aircraft . If, for any Customer non-U.S. registered Aircraft, Customer requires a United States Certificate of Sanitary Construction at the time of delivery of the Aircraft, Customer will give written notice thereof to Boeing at least prior to deliver y. Boeing will then use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the Certificate from the United 
 UAL-PA-04815-EXB Page 2 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

States Public Health Service and present it to Customer at the time of Aircraft delivery. The above Boeing obligation only applies to . 
 1.c Customs Documentation . 
 1.1.i Import Documentation . If the Aircraft is intended to be exported from the United States, Customer must notify Boeing not later than prior to delivery of each Aircraft of any documentation required by the customs authorities or by any other agency of the country of import. 
 1.1.ii General Declaration - U.S . If the Aircraft is intended to be exported from the United States, Boeing will prepare Customs Form 7507, General Declaration, for execution by U.S. Customs immediately prior to the ferry flight of the Aircraft. For this purpose, Customer will furnish to Boeing not later than prior to delivery all information required by U.S. Customs and Border Protection, including without limitation (i) a complete crew and passenger list identifying the names, birth dates, passport numbers and passport expiration dates of all crew and passengers and (ii) a complete ferry flight itinerary, including point of exit from the United States for the Aircraft. 
 If Customer intends, during the ferry flight of an Aircraft, to land at a U.S. airport after clearing Customs at delivery, Customer must notify Boeing not later than prior to delivery of such intention. If Boeing receives such notification, Boeing will provide to Customer the documents constituting a customs permit to proceed, allowing such Aircraft to depart after any such landing. Sufficient copies of completed Form 7507, along with passenger manifest, will be furnished to Customer to cover U.S. stops scheduled for the ferry flight. 
 1.1.iii Export Declaration - U.S . If the Aircraft is intended to be exported from the United States following delivery, and (i) Customer is a non-U.S. customer, Boeing will file an export declaration electronically with U.S. Customs and Border Protection CBP ), or (ii) Customer is a U.S. customer, it is the responsibility of the U.S. customer, as the exporter of record, to file the export declaration with CBP. 
 2. INSURANCE CERTIFICATES . 
 Unless provided earlier, Customer will provide to Boeing not later than prior to delivery of the first Aircraft, a copy of the requisite annual insurance certificate in accordance with the requirements of Article 8 of the AGTA. 
 UAL-PA-04815-EXB Page 3 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

3. NOTICE OF FLYAWAY CONFIGURATION . 
 Not later than prior to delivery of the Aircraft, Customer will provide to Boeing a configuration letter stating the requested flyaway configuration of the Aircraft for its ferry flight. This configuration letter should include 
 (a) the name of the company which is to furnish fuel for the ferry flight and any scheduled post-delivery flight training, the method of payment for such fuel, and fuel load for the ferry flight 
 (b) the cargo to be loaded and where it is to be stowed on board the Aircraft, the address where cargo is to be shipped after flyaway and notification of any hazardous materials requiring special handling 
 (c) any BFE equipment to be removed prior to flyaway and returned to Boeing BFE stores for installation on Customer's subsequent Aircraft 
 (d) a complete list of names and citizenship of each crew member and non-revenue passenger who will be aboard the ferry flight and 
 (e) a complete ferry flight itinerary. 
 4. DELIVERY ACTIONS BY BOEING . 
 1.a Schedule of Inspections . All inspections of the Aircraft by FAA, Boeing, Customer and, if required, U.S. Customs Bureau will be scheduled by Boeing for completion prior to delivery or departure of the Aircraft. Boeing will inform Customer of such schedules. 
 1.b Schedule of Demonstration Flights . All FAA and Customer demonstration flights will be scheduled by Boeing for completion prior to delivery of the Aircraft. 
 1.c Schedule for Customer's Flight Crew . Boeing will inform Customer of the date that a flight crew is required for acceptance routines associated with delivery of the Aircraft. 
 1.d Fuel Provided by Boeing . Boeing will provide to Customer, without charge, the amount of fuel shown in U.S. gallons in the table below for the model of Aircraft being delivered and full capacity of engine oil at the time of delivery or prior to the ferry flight of the Aircraft. 
 Aircraft Model Fuel Provided 787 
 1.e Flight Crew and Passenger Consumables . Boeing will provide reasonable quantities of food, trash bags in the galleys, coat hangers, towels, toilet tissue, drinking cups and soap for the first segment of the ferry flight for the Aircraft. 
 1.f Delivery Papers, Documents and Data . Boeing will have available at the time of delivery of the Aircraft certain delivery papers, documents and data for execution and delivery. If the Aircraft will be registered with the FAA, Boeing will pre-position in , for filing with the FAA at the time of delivery of the Aircraft an executed original Form 8050-2, Aircraft Bill of Sale, indicating transfer of title to the Aircraft from Boeing to Customer. 
 UAL-PA-04815-EXB Page 4 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

1.g Delegation of Authority . If specifically requested in advance by Customer, Boeing will present a certified copy of a delegation of authority, designating and authorizing certain persons to act on its behalf in connection with delivery of the Aircraft. 
 5. DELIVERY ACTIONS BY CUSTOMER . 
 1.a Aircraft Radio Station License . At delivery Customer will provide its aircraft radio station license to be placed on board the Aircraft following delivery. 
 1.b Aircraft Flight Log . At delivery Customer will provide the aircraft flight log for the Aircraft. 
 1.c Delegation of Authority . Customer will present to Boeing at delivery of the Aircraft an original or certified copy of Customer's delegation of authority designating and authorizing certain persons to act on its behalf in connection with delivery of the specified Aircraft. 
 1.d TSA Waiver Approval . Customer may be required to have an approved Transportation Security Administration TSA waiver for the ferry flight depending upon the Customer s en-route stop(s) and destination unless the Customer already has a TSA approved security program in place. Customer is responsible for application of the TSA waiver and obtaining TSA approval. Customer will provide a copy of the approved TSA waiver to Boeing upon arrival at the Boeing delivery center. 
 1.e Electronic Advance Passenger Information System . Should the ferry flight of an Aircraft leave the United States, the Department of Homeland Security office requires Customer to comply with the Electronic Advance Passenger Information System eAPIS ). Customer needs to establish their own account with US Customs and Border Protection in order to file for departure. A copy of the eAPIS forms is to be provided by Customer to Boeing upon arrival of Customer s acceptance team at the Boeing delivery center. 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-EXB Page 5 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

FEATURES 

between 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 
 and 
 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 
 Supplemental Exhibit AE1 
 to Purchase Agreement Number 04815 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-AE1 Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

FEATURES 
 
 relating to 
 BOEING MODEL 787 AIRCRAFT 
 1. Formula . 
 and Features price are used to be in at the signing of this Purchase Agreement to be at for the of . The Airframe will be at the time of in accordance with the following formula 
 
 Where 
 
 plus the (as set forth in Table 1 of this Purchase Agreement). 

Where 
 is the (as set forth in Table 1 of this Purchase Agreement) 
 is the value of , using 
 is the value of , using and 
 is a determined using the , calculated by establishing a value (expressed as a decimal and rounded to the nearest tenth) using the values for the prior to the month of scheduled delivery of the applicable Aircraft. As the values are only released on a , the value released for the will be used for the the value released for the will be used for the the value released for the will be used for the the value released for the will be used for the . 

Where 
 is the (as set forth in Table 1 of this Purchase Agreement) 
 is a determined using the , calculated as a of the released (expressed as a decimal and rounded to the nearest tenth) using the values for the prior to the scheduled delivery of the applicable Aircraft. 
 As an example, for an Aircraft scheduled to be delivered in the month of , the of the will be utilized in determining the value of and . 
 Note 
 UAL-PA-04815-AE1 Page 2 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

(a) In determining the values of and , all calculations and resulting values will be expressed as a decimal rounded to the nearest ten-thousandth. 
 (b) is the numeric ratio attributed to in the formula. 
 (c) is the numeric ratio attributed to in the formula. 
 (d) The are the actual average values reported by the . The actual average values are calculated as a of the released (expressed as a decimal and rounded to the nearest tenth) using the values for the prior to the . The applicable base year and corresponding is provided by Boeing in Table 1 of this Purchase Agreement. 
 (e) The final value of will be rounded to the nearest dollar. 
 (f) The will not be made if it will in the . 
 2. Values to be Used if Are Not Available. 
 1.a If the revises the methodology used for the determination of the values to be used to determine the and values (in contrast to benchmark adjustments or other corrections of previously released values), or for any reason has not released values needed to determine the applicable , the parties will, prior to the delivery of any such Aircraft, select a substitute from other or . Such substitute will result in the same adjustment, insofar as possible, as would have been calculated utilizing the original values adjusted for fluctuation during the applicable time period. However, if within after delivery of the Aircraft, the should resume releasing values for the months needed to the , will be used or in the for the from that at the of of the . 
 1.b Notwithstanding Article 2.1 above, if prior to the scheduled delivery month of an Aircraft the changes the base year for determination of the and values as defined above, such will be in the . 
 1.c In the event are made non-enforceable or otherwise rendered void by any agency of the United States Government, the parties agree, to the extent they may lawfully do so, to the of any to an for or with the of of this in and since to the shown in . 
 1.d If within of Aircraft delivery, the published index values are revised due to an acknowledged error by the will be (this does not include those values noted as preliminary by the ). A or will be issued for for the period of original invoice to issuance of or . 
 Notes 
 (a) The values released by the and available to Boeing to the first day of the scheduled delivery month of an Aircraft will be used to determine the and for the applicable months (including those noted as preliminary by the to calculate the for the Aircraft invoice at the time of delivery. The values will be considered final and will be for any in . 
 (b) The maximum number of digits to the right of the decimal after rounding utilized in any part of the equation will be four (4), where rounding of the fourth digit will be increased to the next highest digit when the 5th digit is equal to five (5) or greater. 
 UAL-PA-04815-AE1 Page 3 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

BUYER FURNISHED EQUIPMENT VARIABLES 
 
 between 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 
 and 
 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 
 Supplemental Exhibit BFE1 
 to Purchase Agreement Number 04815 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-BFE1 Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

BUYER FURNISHED EQUIPMENT VARIABLES 
 
 relating to 
 
 BOEING MODEL 787- AIRCRAFT 
 
 This Supplemental Exhibit BFE1 contains supplier selection dates, on-dock dates and other requirements applicable to the Aircraft. 
 1. Supplier Selection . 
 Select and notify Boeing of the suppliers and model part of the following BFE items by of the following , unless otherwise indicated 
 
 2. On-dock Dates and Other Information. 
 Unless otherwise indicated, the below Completion Date represents the of the by when the specific milestone must be completed to support the . 

On or before , Boeing will provide to Customer BFE requirements, electronically in My Boeing Fleet MBF through My Boeing Configuration MBC or by other means, setting forth the items, quantities, technical reviews, on-dock dates, shipping instructions and other requirements relating to the in-sequence installation of BFE. These requirements may be periodically revised by Boeing. Customer and Boeing rights and obligations related to the BFE requirements established in this Supplemental Exhibit BFE1 are set forth in Exhibit A to the AGTA. For planning purposes, the first Aircraft preliminary requirements and preliminary on-dock dates for all BFE items are set forth below. 
 Preliminary On-Dock 
 Note All requirements are set forth below. 
 Unless otherwise noted, the due date is the of . 

UAL-PA-04815-BFE1 Page 2 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Needs to be negotiated with to support . is between shipsets, in some cases there are between shipsets. Cannot shipsets regardless of . 
 UAL-PA-04815-BFE1 Page 3 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

3. Additional Delivery Requirements - Import . 
 Customer will be the importer of record (as defined by the U.S. Customs and Border Protection) for all BFE imported into the United States, and as such, it has the responsibility to ensure all of Customer s BFE shipments comply with U.S. Customs Service regulations. In the event Customer requests Boeing, in writing, to act as importer of record for Customer s BFE, and Boeing agrees to such request, Customer is responsible for ensuring Boeing can comply with all U.S. Customs Import Regulations by making certain that, at the time of shipment, all BFE shipments comply with the requirements in the International Shipment Routing Instructions , including the Customs Trade Partnership Against Terrorism C-TPAT ), as set out on the Boeing website referenced below. Customer agrees to include the International Shipment Routing Instructions, including C-TPAT requirements, in each contract between Customer and BFE supplier. 
 
 http www.boeing.com companyoffices doingbiz supplier_portal index_general.htm l 
 UAL-PA-04815-BFE1 Page 4 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

787 CUSTOMER SUPPORT DOCUMENT 
 
 between 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 
 and 
 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL EXHIBIT CS1 to PURCHASE AGREEMENT NUMBER 04815 
 
 This document contains 
 
 Part 1 Boeing Maintenance and Flight Training Programs Operations Engineering Support 
 Part 2 Field and Engineering Support Services 
 Part 3 Technical Information and Materials 
 Part 4 Alleviation or Cessation of Performance 
 Part 5 Protection of Proprietary Information and Proprietary Materials 
 
 P. A. No. 04815 CS1 Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

787 CUSTOMER SUPPORT DOCUMENT 
 
 PART 1 BOEING MAINTENANCE AND FLIGHT TRAINING 
 PROGRAMS OPERATIONS ENGINEERING SUPPORT 
 
 1. Boeing Training Programs . 
 Boeing will provide maintenance training, cabin attendant training, and flight training programs to support the introduction of the Aircraft into service as provided in this Supplemental Exhibit CS1. 
 1.a Customer is awarded points Training Points . Accordingly, there are a from Section 1.1. At any time before after delivery of Customer s last Aircraft Training Program Period Customer may exchange Training Points for any of the training courses described on Attachment A at the described on Attachment A. At the end of the Training Program Period . 
 2. Training Schedule and Curricula . 
 4.a Customer and Boeing will together define and schedule a mutually acceptable plan for the programs. At the conclusion of each planning discussion the parties will document Customer s course selection and training requirements, and, if applicable, Training Point application and remaining Training Point balance. 
 4.b Customer may also request training by written notice to Boeing identifying desired courses, dates and locations. Within of Boeing s receipt of such request Boeing will provide written response to Customer confirming whether the requested courses are available at the times and locations requested by Customer. 
 3. Location of Training . 
 5.a Boeing will conduct at any of its appropriately equipped training facilities. Customer will decide on the location or mix of locations for training, subject to space being available in the desired courses at the selected training facility on the dates desired. 
 5.b If requested by Customer, Boeing will conduct training (except and courses designated with a on Attachment A) at a mutually acceptable alternate training site, subject to the following conditions 
 3.2.iCustomer will provide acceptable classroom space and training equipment required to present the courses 
 3.2.iiCustomer Boeing s for lodging, ground transportation, laundry, baggage handling, communication costs and per diem meal charge for each Boeing instructor for each day, or fraction thereof, that the instructor is away from his home location, including travel time 
 3.2.iiiCustomer Boeing for of of training Materials which must be shipped to the alternate training site 
 3.2.ivCustomer by Boeing and its employees Boeing s providing training at the alternate site or and 
 3.2.vCustomer , if any, which of such alternate site. 
 4. Training Materials . 
 Training Materials will be provided for each student. Training Materials may be used only for (i) the individual student s reference during Boeing provided training and for review 
 P. A. No. 04815 Part 1 of CS1, Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

thereafter and (ii) Customer s provision of training to individuals directly employed by Customer. 
 5. Additional Terms and Conditions . 
 5.a All training will reflect an airplane configuration defined by (i) Boeing s standard configuration specification for 787 aircraft, (ii) Boeing s standard configuration specification for the minor model of 787 aircraft selected by Customer, and (iii) any features selected by Customer from Boeing s standard catalog of features. Upon Customer s request, Boeing may provide training customized to reflect other elements of Customer s Aircraft configuration subject to a and other applicable terms and conditions. 
 5.b All training will be provided in the English language. If translation is required, Customer will provide interpreters. Customer in Boeing s standard course length to accommodate translation and . 
 5.c Customer of Customer s personnel. Boeing Customer's personnel between their local lodging and Boeing's training facility. 
 5.d Boeing personnel will not be required to work more than will be spent in actual flying Pilot Day ). These foregoing restrictions will not apply to ferry flight assistance or revenue service training services, which will be governed by FAA rules and regulations. 
 5.e Normal Line Maintenance is defined as line maintenance that Boeing might reasonably be expected to furnish for flight crew training at Boeing s facility, and ground support and Aircraft storage in the open, but provision of spare parts. Boeing will provide Normal Line Maintenance services for any Aircraft while the Aircraft is used for at Boeing s facility in accordance with the and the Repair Station Operation and . Customer if is conducted elsewhere. Regardless of the location of such training, Customer all maintenance items (other than those included in Normal Line Maintenance) required during the training, including, but not limited to, . 
 5.f If the training is based at Boeing s facility and the Aircraft is damaged during such training, Boeing to the Aircraft as promptly as possible. Customer . If Boeing s , Boeing and Customer will . 
 5.g If the flight training is based at Boeing s facility, several airports in the surrounding area may be used, at Boeing s option. Unless otherwise agreed in the flight training planning conference, it will be Customer s responsibility to make arrangements for the use of such airports. 
 5.h If Boeing agrees to make arrangements on behalf of Customer for the use of airports for flight training, Boeing with the flight training. At least before flight training, Customer against which . to Customer approximately after flight training is completed, when all have been received and verified. Customer to Boeing within of the date . 
 5.i If requested by Boeing, in order to provide the flight training or ferry flight assistance, Customer will make available to Boeing an Aircraft after delivery to familiarize Boeing instructor or ferry flight crew personnel with such Aircraft. If flight of the Aircraft is required for any Boeing instructor or ferry flight crew member to maintain an FAA license for flight proficiency or landing currency, . 
 
 P. A. No. 04815 Part 1 of CS1, Page 2 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

787 CUSTOMER SUPPORT DOCUMENT 
 
 PART 2 FIELD AND ENGINEERING SUPPORT SERVICES 
 
 1. Field Service Representation . 
 Boeing will furnish field service representation to advise Customer with respect to the maintenance and operation of the Aircraft Field Service Representatives ). 
 1.a Field service representation will be available at or near Customer s main maintenance or engineering facility beginning before the scheduled delivery of the first Aircraft and ending after delivery of the last Aircraft covered by a specific purchase agreement. 
 1.b Customer will provide to Boeing, suitable enclosed office space with walls and a lockable door that is separated from other OEMs and the airline, located at the Customer s facility or other site as mutually agreed. Customer will provide the necessary infrastructure (i.e. local area network LAN lines) to enable wired high-speed internet capability in the office. As required, Customer will assist each Field Service Representative with visas, work permits, customs, mail handling, identification passes and formal introduction to local airport authorities. 
 1.c Boeing s Field Service Representatives are assigned to various airports and other locations around the world. Whenever Customer s Aircraft are operating through any such airport, the services of Boeing s Field Service Representatives are available to Customer. 
 2. Engineering Support Services . 
 4.a Boeing will, if requested by Customer, provide technical advisory assistance from the Puget Sound area or a base designated by Customer as appropriate for any Aircraft or Boeing Product (as defined in Part 1 of Exhibit C of the AGTA). Technical advisory assistance provided will include 
 i.Analysis of the information provided by Customer to determine the probable nature and cause of operational problems and a suggestion of possible solutions. 
 ii.Analysis of the information provided by Customer to determine the nature and cause of unsatisfactory schedule reliability and a suggestion of possible solutions. 
 iii.Analysis of the information provided by Customer to determine the nature and cause of unsatisfactory maintenance costs and a suggestion of possible solutions. 
 iv.Analysis and commentary on Customer s engineering releases relating to structural repairs Boeing s Structural Repair Manual including those repairs requiring advanced composite structure design. 
 v.Analysis and commentary on Customer s engineering proposals for changes in, or replacement of, systems, parts, accessories or equipment manufactured to Boeing s detailed design. Boeing will not analyze or comment on any major structural change unless Customer s request for such analysis and comment includes complete detailed drawings, substantiating information (including any information required by applicable government agencies), all stress or other appropriate analyses, and a specific statement from Customer of the substance of the review and the response requested. 
 vi. Maintenance Engineering . Boeing will provide the following Maintenance Engineering support 
 2.1.6.1 Maintenance Planning Assistance . Upon request, Boeing will provide assistance in identifying the impact to Customer s maintenance program resulting from 
 P. A. No. 04815 Part 2 of CS1, Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

minor model differences between the Aircraft and an aircraft of the same model currently operated by Customer. 
 2.1.6.2 ETOPS Maintenance Planning Assistance . Upon request, Boeing will provide assistance in identifying the impact to Customer s ETOPS maintenance program resulting from minor model differences between the Aircraft and an aircraft of the same model currently operated by Customer. 
 2.1.6.3 GSE Shops Tooling Consulting . Upon request, Boeing will provide assistance to Customer in identifying the impact to Customer s maintenance tools and ground support equipment resulting from the minor model differences between the Aircraft and an aircraft of the same model currently operated by Customer. 
 vii. Flight Operations Engineering Support . Boeing will provide the following Flight Operations Engineering support 
 1. Assistance with the analysis and preparation of performance data to be used in establishing operating practices and policies for Customer s operation of Aircraft. 
 2. Assistance with interpretation of the minimum equipment list, the definition of the configuration deviation list and the analysis of individual Aircraft performance. 
 3. Assistance with solving operational problems associated with delivery and route-proving flights. 
 4. Information regarding significant service items relating to Aircraft performance or flight operations. 
 5. If requested by Customer, Boeing will provide operations engineering support during the ferry flight of an Aircraft. Such support will be provided from the Puget Sound area or from an alternate location, at Boeing s sole discretion. 
 6. Assistance in developing an Extended Operations ETOPs plan for regulatory approval. 
 7. Flight Operations Services . Boeing will revise, as applicable, flight data, documents and software provided with previously delivered aircraft. 
 8. Spares . Boeing will revise, as applicable, the customized Recommended Spares Parts List RSPL ). 
 4.b Post Delivery Service Support . Boeing will, if requested by Customer, perform work on an Aircraft after delivery but prior to the initial departure flight or upon the return of the Aircraft to Boeing s facility prior to completion of that flight. The following conditions will apply to Boeing s performance 
 i.Boeing may rely upon the commitment authority of the Customer s personnel requesting the work. 
 ii.As , the insurance provisions of Article 8.2 of the AGTA . 
 iii.The provisions of the Boeing warranty in Part 2 of Exhibit C of the AGTA apply. 
 iv.Customer Boeing for requested work the Boeing warranty, if any. 
 v.The DISCLAIMER AND RELEASE and EXCLUSION OF CONSEQUENTIAL AND OTHER DAMAGES provisions in Article 11 of Part 2 of Exhibit C of the AGTA apply. 
 4.c Boeing may, at Customer s request, provide other than those described in Articles 2.1 and 2.2 of this Part 2 of Supplemental Exhibit CS1 for an Aircraft after delivery, which may include, but not be limited to, . Such will be subject to . The DISCLAIMER AND RELEASE and the EXCLUSION OF CONSEQUENTIAL AND OTHER 
 P. A. No. 04815 Part 2 of CS1, Page 2 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

DAMAGES provisions in Article 11 of Part 2 of Exhibit C of the AGTA and the insurance provisions in Article 8.2 of the AGTA will apply to any such work. any such Aircraft will always remain with Customer. 
 P. A. No. 04815 Part 2 of CS1, Page 3 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

787 CUSTOMER SUPPORT DOCUMENT 
 
 PART 3 TECHNICAL INFORMATION AND MATERIALS 
 
 1. General . 
 Materials are defined as any and all items that are created by Boeing or a third party, which are provided directly or indirectly from Boeing and serve primarily to contain, convey or embody information. Materials may include either tangible embodiments (for example, documents or drawings), or intangible embodiments (for example, software and other electronic forms) of information but excludes Aircraft Software. Aircraft Software is defined as software that is installed on and used in the operation of the Aircraft. 
 Customer Information is defined as that data provided by Customer to Boeing which falls into one of the following categories (i) aircraft operational information (including, but not limited to, flight hours, departures, schedule reliability, engine hours, number of aircraft, aircraft registries, landings, and daily utilization and schedule interruptions for Boeing model aircraft) (ii) summary and detailed shop findings data (iii) aircraft readiness log data (iv) non-conformance reports (v) line maintenance data (vi) airplane message data, (vii) scheduled maintenance data (viii) service bulletin incorporation and (ix) aircraft data generated or received by equipment installed on Customer s aircraft in analog or digital form including but not limited to information regarding the state, condition, performance, location, setting, or path of the aircraft and associated systems, sub-systems and components 
 Upon execution by Customer of Boeing s standard form Customer Services General Terms Agreement, Supplemental Agreement for Electronic Access and, as required, the applicable Boeing licensed software order, Boeing will provide to Customer through electronic access certain Materials to support the maintenance and operation of the Aircraft. Such Materials will, if applicable, be prepared generally in accordance with Aerospace Industries Association Specification 1000D S1000D and Air Transport Association of America ATA iSpec 2200, entitled Information Standards for Aviation Maintenance. Materials not covered by iSpec 2200 will be provided in a structure suitable for the Material s intended use. Materials will be in English and in the units of measure used by Boeing to manufacture an Aircraft. 
 2. Technical Data and Maintenance Information . 
 Boeing will provide technical data and maintenance information equivalent to that traditionally provided by Boeing to Customer. Boeing (i) will provide such data and information through electronic access or other means, and (ii) reserves the right to change the format of such data and information, both at its sole discretion. Boeing may elect to fulfill this obligation by revising, as applicable, previously provided technical data and maintenance information. 
 3. Advance Representative Materials . 
 Boeing will select all advance representative Materials from available sources and whenever possible will provide them through electronic access. Such advance Materials will be for advance planning purposes only. 
 4. Maintenance Engineering Materials . 
 All Materials will reflect the configuration of each Aircraft as delivered. 
 5. Revisions . 
 5.a The schedule for updating certain Materials will be identified in the planning conference. Such updates will reflect changes to Materials developed by Boeing. 
 P. A. No. 04815 Part 3 of CS1, Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

5.b If Boeing receives written notice that Customer intends to incorporate, or has incorporated, any Boeing service bulletin in an Aircraft, Boeing will update Materials reflecting the effects of such incorporation into such Aircraft. 
 6. Supplier Technical Data . 
 6.a For supplier-manufactured programmed airborne avionics components and equipment classified as Seller Furnished Equipment SFE which contain computer software designed and developed in accordance with Radio Technical Commission for Aeronautics Document No. RTCA DO-178B dated December 1, 1992 (with an errata issued on March 26, 1999), or later as available, Boeing will request that each supplier of the components and equipment make software documentation available to Customer. 
 6.b The provisions of this Article will not be applicable to items of BFE. 
 6.c Prior to the scheduled of the first Aircraft, Boeing will furnish to Customer copies of the documents which identify the terms and conditions of the product support agreements between Boeing and its suppliers Product Support and Assurance Agreements PSAA ). 
 7. Buyer Furnished Equipment Data . 
 Boeing will incorporate BFE maintenance information, as applicable, into the configured Materials providing Customer makes the information available to Boeing at least prior to the scheduled delivery of each Aircraft. Boeing will incorporate such BFE maintenance information into the Materials prior to delivery of each Aircraft reflecting the configuration of that Aircraft as delivered. Upon Customer s request, Boeing may provide update service to such information subject to the terms of Part 2, Article 2.3 relating to Additional Services. Customer agrees to furnish all BFE maintenance information in Boeing s standard digital format, ATA Spec 2000. 
 8. Customer s Shipping Address . 
 From time to time Boeing may furnish certain Materials or updates to Materials by means other than electronic access. Customer will specify a single address and Customer will promptly notify Boeing of any change to that address. Boeing of the Materials. Customer is . 
 P. A. No. 04815 Part 3 of CS1, Page 2 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

787 CUSTOMER SUPPORT DOCUMENT 
 
 PART 4 ALLEVIATION OR CESSATION OF PERFORMANCE 
 
 Boeing will not be required to provide any Materials, services, training or other things at a facility designated by Customer if any of the following conditions exist and those conditions would prevent Boeing form performing its services or make the performance of such services impracticable or inadvisable 
 1. a labor stoppage or dispute in progress involving Customer 
 2. wars or warlike operations, riots or insurrections in the country where the facility is located 
 3. any condition at the facility which, in the opinion of Boeing, is detrimental to the general health, welfare or safety of its personnel or their families 
 4. the United States Government refuses permission to Boeing personnel or their families to enter into the country where the facility is located, or recommends that Boeing personnel or their families leave the country or 
 5. the United States Government refuses permission to Boeing to deliver Materials, services, training or other things to the country where the facility is located. 
 After the location of Boeing personnel at the facility, Boeing further reserves the right, upon the occurrence of any of such events, to immediately and without prior notice to Customer relocate its personnel and their families. 
 
 P. A. No. 04815 Part 4 of CS1, Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

787 CUSTOMER SUPPORT DOCUMENT 
 
 PART 5 PROTECTION OF PROPRIETARY INFORMATION AND PROPRIETARY MATERIALS 
 
 1. General . 
 All Materials provided by Boeing to Customer and not covered by a Boeing CSGTA or other agreement between Boeing and Customer defining Customer s right to use and disclose the Materials and included information will be covered by and subject to the terms of the AGTA as amended by the terms of the Purchase Agreement. Title to all Materials containing, conveying or embodying confidential, proprietary or trade secret information Proprietary Information belonging to Boeing or a third party Proprietary Materials ), will at all times remain with Boeing or such third party. Customer will treat all Proprietary Materials and all Proprietary Information in confidence and use and disclose the same only as specifically authorized in the AGTA as amended by the terms of the Purchase Agreement, or the CSGTA, and except to the extent required by the law. 
 2. License Grant . 
 4.a Boeing grants to Customer a license to use and disclose Proprietary Materials in accordance with the terms and conditions of the AGTA as amended by the terms of the Purchase Agreement. Customer is authorized to make copies of Materials (except for Materials bearing the copyright legend of a third party), and all copies of Proprietary Materials will belong to Boeing and be treated as Proprietary Materials under the AGTA as amended by the terms of the Purchase Agreement. Customer will preserve all proprietary legends, and all copyright notices on all Materials and insure the inclusion of those legends and notices on all copies. 
 4.b Customer grants to Boeing a license to use and disclose Customer Information in Boeing data and information products and services provided indicia identifying Customer Information as originating from Customer is removed from such Customer Information. This grant is in addition to any other grants of rights in the agreements governing provision of such information to Boeing regardless of whether that information is identified as Customer Information in such agreement. 
 3. Use of Proprietary Materials and Proprietary Information . 
 Customer is authorized to use Proprietary Materials and Proprietary Information for the purpose of (a) operation, maintenance, repair, or modification of Customer s Aircraft for which the Proprietary Materials and Proprietary Information have been specified by Boeing and (b) development and manufacture of training devices and maintenance tools for use by Customer. 
 4. Providing of Proprietary Materials to Contractors . 
 Customer is authorized to provide Proprietary Materials to Customer s contractors for the sole purpose of maintenance, repair, or modification of Customer s Aircraft for which the Proprietary Materials have been specified by Boeing. In addition, Customer may provide Proprietary Materials to Customer s contractors for the sole purpose of developing and manufacturing training devices and maintenance tools for Customer s use. Before providing Proprietary Materials to its contractor, Customer will first obtain a written agreement from the contractor by which the contractor agrees (a) to use the Proprietary Materials only on behalf of Customer, (b) to be bound by all of the restrictions and limitations of this Part 5, and (c) that Boeing is a third party beneficiary under the written agreement. Customer agrees to provide copies of all such written agreements to Boeing upon request and be liable to Boeing for any breach of those agreements by a contractor. A sample agreement acceptable to Boeing is attached as Appendix VII to the AGTA. 
 5. Providing of Proprietary Materials and Proprietary Information to Regulatory Agencies . 
 P. A. No. 04815 Part 5 of CS1, Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

5.a When and to the extent required by a government regulatory agency having jurisdiction over Customer or an Aircraft, Customer is authorized to provide Proprietary Materials and to disclose Proprietary Information to the agency for use in connection with Customer s operation, maintenance, repair, or modification of such Aircraft. Customer agrees to take all reasonable steps to prevent the agency from making any distribution, disclosure, or additional use of the Proprietary Materials and Proprietary Information provided or disclosed. Customer further agrees to notify Boeing immediately upon learning of any (a) distribution, disclosure, or additional use by the agency, (b) request to the agency for distribution, disclosure, or additional use, or (c) intention on the part of the agency to distribute, disclose, or make additional use of Proprietary Materials or Proprietary Information. 
 In the event of an Aircraft or Aircraft systems-related incident, the Customer to Customer Information pertaining to its Aircraft or fleet. . 
 
 P. A. No. 04815 Part 5 of CS1, Page 2 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

787 CUSTOMER SUPPORT DOCUMENT 
 ATTACHMENT A 
 787 
 Revision Date 

P. A. No. 04815 Att. A to CS1, Page1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

ENGINE , 
 ENGINE WARRANTY AND 
 
 between 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 
 and 
 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 
 Supplemental Exhibit EE1 
 to Purchase Agreement Number 04815 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-EE1 Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

ENGINE , 
 ENGINE WARRANTY AND 
 
 relating to 
 
 BOEING MODEL 787 AIRCRAFT 
 
 1. ENGINE . 
 The of each Aircraft set forth in Table 1 of the Purchase Agreement includes an for and all accessories, equipment and parts provided by the engine manufacturer Engines ). The in applicable to each Aircraft will be determined at the time of in accordance with the following formula 
 
 Where 
 
 (as set forth in Table 1 of this Purchase Agreement). 

Where 
 is the (as set forth in Table 1 of this Purchase Agreement) 
 is the value of , using 
 is the value of , using and 
 is a determined using the , calculated by establishing a (expressed as a decimal and rounded to the nearest tenth) using the values for the prior to the month of scheduled delivery of the applicable Aircraft. As the are only released on a , the value released for the will be used for the the value released for the will be used for the the value released for the will be used for the the value released for the will be used for the . 

Where 
 is the (as set forth in Table 1 of this Purchase Agreement) 
 is a determined using the , calculated as a of the released (expressed as a decimal and rounded to the nearest tenth) using the values for the prior to the scheduled delivery of the applicable Aircraft. 
 As an example, for an Aircraft scheduled to be delivered in the month of , the of the will be utilized in determining the value of and . 
 NOTE 
 UAL-PA-04815-EE1 Page 2 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

(a) In determining the values of and , all calculations and resulting values will be expressed as a decimal rounded to the nearest ten-thousandth. 
 (b) is the numeric ratio attributed to in the formula. 
 (c) is the numeric ratio attributed to in the formula. 
 (d) The are the actual average values reported by the . The actual average values are calculated as a of the released (expressed as a decimal and rounded to the nearest tenth) using the values for the the base year. The applicable base year and corresponding is provided by Boeing in Table 1 of this Purchase Agreement. 
 (e) The final value of will be rounded to the nearest dollar. 
 (f) The will not be made if it will in the . 
 2. Values to be Utilized in the Event of Unavailability . 
 1.a If the substantially revises the methodology used for the determination of the values to be used to determine the and values (in contrast to benchmark adjustments or other corrections of previously released values), or for any reason has not released values needed to determine the applicable , General Electric Aircraft agrees to meet jointly with Boeing and the Customer (to the extent such parties may lawfully do so) prior to the delivery of any such Aircraft, to select a substitute from other or . Such substitute will result in the same adjustment, insofar as possible, as would have been calculated utilizing the original values adjusted for fluctuation during the applicable time period. However, if within after delivery of the Aircraft, the should resume releasing values for the months needed to the will be used or in the for the from that at the of of . 
 1.b Notwithstanding Article 2.1 above, if prior to the scheduled delivery month of an Aircraft the changes the base year for determination of the and values as defined above, such will be in the . 
 1.c In the event are made non-enforceable or otherwise rendered void by any agency of the United States Government, the parties agree, to the extent they may lawfully do so, to the of any to an for or with the of of this in and since of the to the in . 
 1.d If within of Aircraft delivery, the published index values are revised due to an acknowledged error by the , the will be (this does not include those values noted as preliminary by the ). A or will be issued for the period of original invoice to issuance of or . 
 NOTES 
 (a) The values released by the and available to Boeing prior to the first day of the scheduled delivery month of an Aircraft will be used to determine the and values for the applicable months (including those noted as preliminary by the to calculate the for the Aircraft invoice at the time of delivery. The values will be considered final and will be for any in . 
 (b) The maximum number of digits to the right of the decimal after rounding utilized in any part of the will be four (4), where rounding of the fourth digit will be increased to the next highest digit when the 5th digit is equal to five (5) or greater. 
 3. Engine . 
 UAL-PA-04815-EE1 Page 3 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Boeing has obtained from the right to extend to the of as set forth below subject, however, to acceptance of the conditions set forth herein. Accordingly, to and the as hereinafter set forth, and such to all type engines (including all Modules and Parts thereof), as such terms are defined in the installed in the Aircraft at the time of delivery or purchased from Boeing by for support of the Aircraft except that, if and have executed, or hereinafter execute, a general terms agreement Engine GTA ), then the terms of the Engine GTA and the and the will be or and Boeing GE will have . In consideration for . 
 The Warranty is contained in the and set forth in Exhibit C to the applicable purchase contract between and Boeing. Copies of the and will be provided to by Boeing upon request. 
 UAL-PA-04815-EE1 Page 4 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

SERVICE LIFE POLICY COMPONENTS 
 
 between 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 
 and 
 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL EXHIBIT SLP1 
 to PURCHASE AGREEMENT NUMBER 04815 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-SLP1 Page 1 
 BOEING I UNITED AIR LINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

SERVICE LIFE POLICY COMPONENTS 
 
 relating to 
 
 BOEING MODEL 787 AIRCRAFT 
 This is the listing of SLP Components for the Aircraft which relate to Part 3, Boeing Service Life Policy of Exhibit C, Product Assurance Document to the AGTA and is a part of this Purchase Agreement. 
 1. Wing . 
 
 2. Body . 
 
 3. Vertical Stabilizer . 
 
 4. Horizontal Stabilizer . 
 
 5. Engine Strut . 
 
 6. Main Landing Gear . 
 
 7. Nose Landing Gear . 
 
 NOTE The Service Life Policy the Covered Components. 
 UAL-PA-04815-SLP1 Page 2 
 BOEING I UNITED AIR LINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124 2207 

 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802881 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Open Configuration Matters 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement will have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 1. 787- Aircraft Configuration . 
 1.a Initial Configuration . The initial configuration of the 787- Aircraft is . Due to the long period of time between Purchase Agreement signing and delivery of the first 787- Aircraft, the final configuration of the 787- Aircraft will be completed as described below. 
 1.b Final Configuration . The 787- Aircraft configuration will be completed using the Boeing then-current basic model 787- applicable to the 787- Aircraft. Boeing and Customer will incorporate certain other configuration changes into the 787- Aircraft as such changes are Final Configuration in accordance with the following schedule 
 1.2.i , Boeing and Customer will meet to discuss features. 
 1.2.ii , Boeing into the 787- Aircraft during production. 
 1.2.iii , Customer will or the features. 
 1.2.iv If Customer fails to meet any particular deadline for an Aircraft, such failure of the Purchase Agreement provided that Customer promptly contacts Boeing to . 
 2. Effect on Purchase Agreement . 
 4.a Following Final Configuration, Boeing will provide a written amendment to the Purchase Agreement Amendment ). Customer will execute the Amendment within addressing the items below 
 i. to the basic model 787- aircraft which are applicable to the 787- Aircraft and 
 ii. features Customer pursuant to Article 1.2 above Customer Configuration 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802881 
 Open Configuration Matters Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

iii. Update the 787- Aircraft configuration definition contained in Exhibit A of the Purchase Agreement and referenced in Table 1 of the Purchase Agreement and 
 iv. contained in Table 1 of the Purchase Agreement reflected in the Customer Configuration . 
 4.b Revisions to the may be included in the Amendment when such Customer Configuration have a significant effect on 787- Aircraft , otherwise such will be addressed at the time Boeing . 
 4.c If the Amendment to the Purchase Agreement does not occur as set out in Article 2.1 above, then Boeing on Customer s of the features, as set out in Article 1.2 above, as Customer of the Amendment and the Customer Configuration in the 787- Aircraft. 
 3. Other Letter Agreements . 
 As the definition of the 787- Aircraft progresses, there may be a need to execute additional letter agreements addressing one or more of the following subjects 
 5.a Software . Additional provisions relating to software. 
 5.b Installation of Cabin Systems Equipment . Additional provisions relating to the terms under which Boeing will offer and install in-flight entertainment systems in the 787- Aircraft. 
 5.c Seller Purchased Equipment SPE and or Buyer Furnished Equipment BFE . Provisions relating to the terms under which Boeing may offer or install SPE and or BFE in the 787- Aircraft. 
 4. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894 entitled Assignment Matters , the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 5. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 entitled Privileged and Confidential Matters . 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802881 
 Open Configuration Matters Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-In-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802881 
 Open Configuration Matters Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date May 31, 2018 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Senior Vice President Finance and acting Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802881 
 Open Configuration Matters Page 4 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124 2207 

 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802882 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Special Matters relating to COTS Software and End User License Agreements 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 Recitals 
 1. Certain third party, commercial off-the-shelf software products are available to perform various functions required in the Aircraft COTS Software ). 
 2. The industry practice for COTS Software is to permit manufacturers to install the software in products for sale to customers. The manufacturer is required to pass to the customer an End User License Agreement EULA ), which covers the right to use the COTS Software. The EULAs also require each user of the product to further license the software and pass the EULA to any user to whom the product is transferred. 
 3. Because of the described industry practice with respect to COTS Software, Boeing does not acquire title to COTS Software and cannot pass title to COTS Software at the time of delivery of the Aircraft. 
 4. Therefore, the parties desire to amend certain provisions of the Purchase Agreement to properly reflect the respective rights and obligations of the parties with respect to the COTS Software included in the Aircraft. 
 Agreement 
 1. At delivery of the Aircraft, Boeing will furnish to Customer copies of all EULAs applicable to the Aircraft, and Customer agrees to comply with all provisions of the applicable EULAs. 
 2. Notwithstanding the provisions of Article 6.3 of the AGTA, , Boeing will provide Customer a bill of sale conveying good title, free of encumbrances except as provided in applicable EULAs. 
 3. In connection with any sale or other transfer of the Aircraft, Customer agrees to comply with all provisions of the applicable EULAs, including without limitation the relicensing of the software to Customer's transferee and the flow down within such license of the further 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802882 
 Special Matters relating to COTS Software and End User License Agreements Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

requirement that Customer's transferee comply with and flow to other transferees the obligations of the EULA. 

Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-In-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802882 
 Special Matters relating to COTS Software and End User License Agreements Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date May 31, 2018 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Senior Vice President Finance and acting Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802882 
 Special Matters relating to COTS Software and End User License Agreements Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124 2207 

 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802883 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Installation of Cabin Systems Equipment 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 Customer has requested that Boeing install in the Aircraft the in-flight entertainment and communications systems (collectively referred to as Cabin Systems Equipment or CSE described in Attachment A to this Letter Agreement for the 787- Aircraft Attachment A ). CSE is BFE that Boeing purchases for Customer and that is identified in the Detail Specification for the applicable Aircraft. 
 1. Customer Responsibilities . 
 1.a Customer will select the CSE suppliers Supplier(s) and system configuration) from among those identified in the listed in Attachment A to this Letter Agreement and , on or before or as otherwise available in the then current Standard Selections Catalog and formally offered by Boeing. 
 1.a Customer will enter into initial agreements with their selected Suppliers, or otherwise cause the selected Suppliers, to actively participate with Customer and Boeing in meetings, including but not limited to the Initial Technical Coordination Meeting (ITCM ), to ensure that Supplier's functional system specifications meet Customer's and Boeing's respective requirements. Such functional system specifications define functionality to which Boeing will test prior to delivery but are not a at delivery. 
 1.b Customer will enter into final agreements with the selected Suppliers that will 
 1.2.iinclude the actual statement of work as defined at the ITCM. Final agreements will also include following Aircraft delivery (including ), and any 
 1.2.iirequire Supplier to assist the in the preparation of seat assembly functional test plans and procedures and coordinate integration testing and 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1802883 
 Installation of Cabin Systems Equipment Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

1.2.iiirequire Supplier to comply with Boeing s type design and type certification data development and protection requirements where the Supplier has type design certification responsibility. The requirements will require Suppliers to (i) maintain type design certificate data for such type certificate for all type design and (ii) entitle Boeing to access, review, and receive such type design certification data. These requirements will be provided to Customer upon request. 
 2. Boeing Responsibilities . 
 a. Boeing will 
 i.perform the Project Manager functions stated in Attachment B 
 ii.provide Aircraft interface requirements to Suppliers 
 iii.assist Suppliers in the development of CSE system specifications and approve such specifications 
 iv.release purchase orders, including on-dock dates to Supplier on behalf of Customer, and manage such purchase orders 
 v.coordinate the resolution of technical issues with Suppliers 
 vi.ensure that at the time of Aircraft delivery the CSE configuration meets the requirements of the contained in Attachment A to this Letter Agreement as such Attachment A may be amended from time to time and 
 vii.obtain FAA certification of the Aircraft with the conforming CSE installed therein. 
 3. Software . 
 CSE systems may contain software of the following two types 
 5.a Certification Software . The software required to functionally test, operate and certify the CSE systems on the Aircraft is the Certification Software and is part of the CSE. 
 5.b Customer's Software . The software which is defined by the Customer to support specified features and appearance is Customer's Software and is not part of the CSE. 
 i.Customer is solely responsible for specifying Customer's Software functional and performance requirements and ensuring that Customer's Software meets such requirements. Customer and Customer's Software supplier will have total responsibility for the writing, certification, modification, revision, or correction of any of Customer's Software. Boeing will not perform the functions and obligations described in paragraph 1.2 above, or the Project Manager's functions described in Attachment B, for Customer's Software. 
 ii.The omission of any Customer's Software or the lack of any functionality of Customer's Software will not be a valid condition for Customer's rejection of the Aircraft at the time of Aircraft delivery unless such omission or lack of functionality is due to a breach by Boeing of its obligations under this Purchase Agreement. 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1802883 
 Installation of Cabin Systems Equipment Page 2 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

iii.Boeing has no obligation to approve any documentation to support Customer's Software certification. Boeing will only review and operate Customer's Software if in Boeing's reasonable opinion such review and operation is necessary to certify the CSE on the Aircraft. 
 iv.Boeing will not be responsible for obtaining FAA certification for Customer's Software. 
 4. Changes . 
 Any changes to CSE may only be made by and between Boeing and the Supplier. Customer requested changes to the CSE specification after execution of this Letter Agreement will be made in writing directly to Boeing for approval and for coordination by Boeing with the Supplier. Any such change to the configuration of the Aircraft will be through Boeing s master change or other process for amendment of the Purchase Agreement. Any Supplier resulting from such change will be negotiated between Customer and Supplier. 
 5.a Boeing and Customer recognize that the developmental nature of the CSE may require changes to the CSE or the Aircraft in order to ensure (i) compatibility of the CSE with the Aircraft and all other Aircraft systems, and (ii) FAA certification of the Aircraft with the CSE installed therein. In such event Boeing will notify Customer and recommend to Customer the most practical means for incorporating any such change. If within after such notification Customer and Boeing cannot mutually agree on the incorporation of any such change or alternate course of action, the remedies available to Boeing in Paragraph 6 will apply. 
 5. Supplier Defaults . 
 Boeing will notify Customer in a timely manner in the event of a default by a Supplier under the Supplier's purchase order with Boeing. Within of Customer's receipt of such notification, Boeing and Customer will agree on an alternate Supplier or other course of action. If Boeing and Customer are unable to agree on an alternate Supplier or course of action within such time, the remedies available to Boeing in paragraph 6 will apply. 
 6. Exhibits B and C to the AGTA . 
 CSE is deemed to be BFE for the purposes of Exhibit B, Customer Support Document, and Exhibit C, the Product Assurance Document, of the AGTA. 
 7. Boeing s Remedies . 
 If Customer does not perform its obligations as provided in this Letter Agreement or if a Supplier fails (for any reason other than a default by Boeing under the purchase order terms or this Letter Agreement) to deliver conforming CSE per the schedule set forth in the purchase order, then, in addition to any other remedies which Boeing may have by contract or under law, Boeing may 
 6.a the scheduled of the Aircraft to accommodate the in delivery of the conforming CSE and base the calculation of the on such 
 6.b deliver the Aircraft without part or all of the CSE installed, or with part or all of the CSE inoperative and or 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1802883 
 Installation of Cabin Systems Equipment Page 3 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

6.c the Aircraft by the amount of Boeing's , including but not limited to, associated with by Boeing, any due to a Supplier s failure to perform in accordance with CSE program milestones as established by Boeing and agreed to by the Supplier and particularly with respect to of such CSE. 
 8. Price and Payment . 
 8.a . An estimated price for the CSE purchased by Boeing will be included in the to establish the for each Aircraft. The estimated price for the Boeing purchased CSE installed on each Aircraft is identified in Table 1 of the Purchase Agreement. 
 8.b Aircraft Price . The Aircraft Price will include the actual CSE prices and any , including but not limited to . 
 9. Customer's Indemnification of Boeing . 
 THE PROVISIONS OF AGTA, EXHIBIT A, BUYER FURNISHED EQUIPMENT PROVISIONS DOCUMENT, INDEMNIFICATION OF BOEING WILL APPLY TO CSE. 
 10. Title and Risk of Loss . 
 Title to CSE will remain with Boeing from the time that Boeing receives title to the CSE until the Aircraft title is transferred to Customer. Risk of loss will remain with the entity that is in possession of the CSE prior to Aircraft delivery. 
 If the foregoing correctly sets forth your understanding of our agreement with respect to the matters contained herein, please indicate your acceptance and approval below. 
 Very truly yours, 

THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-In-Fact ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date May 31, 2018 United Airlines, Inc. By s Gerald Laderman Its Senior Vice President Finance and acting Chief Financial Officer 
 UAL-PA-04761-LA-1802883 
 Installation of Cabin Systems Equipment Page 4 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

ATTACHMENT A 
 
 CABIN SYSTEMS EQUIPMENT 
 The following listing describes items of equipment that under the terms and conditions of this Letter Agreement are considered to be CSE (each such element referred to herein as an or as the context requires) with each such being more fully described in its corresponding . Final configuration will be based on Customer acceptance of any or all listed below. 

Attachment A to UAL-PA-04761-LA-1802883 
 Installation of Cabin Systems Equipment Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

ATTACHMENT B 
 
 PROJECT MANAGER 
 1. Project Management . 
 Boeing will perform the following functions for the CSE. Boeing will have authority to make day-to-day management decisions, and decisions on technical details which in Boeing's reasonable opinion do not significantly affect form, fit, function, cost, or aesthetics. Boeing will be responsible for 
 (a) managing the development of all program schedules 
 (b) evaluating Supplier's program management and developmental plans to meet Boeing s production schedule 
 (c) defining program metrics and status requirements 
 (d) scheduling and conducting program design and schedule reviews with Customer and Suppliers, as needed 
 (e) monitoring compliance with schedules 
 (f) evaluating and approving any recovery plans or plan revisions which may be required of either Suppliers or Customer 
 (g) managing the joint development of the CSE system specification and 
 (h) leading the development of a joint CSE project management plan Project Plan ). 
 2. System Integration . 
 Boeing's performance as Project Manager will include the functions of systems integrator Systems Integrator ). As Systems Integrator Boeing will perform the following functions 
 (a) as required, assist Suppliers in defining their system specifications for the CSE, approve such specifications and develop an overall system functional specification 
 (b) Coordinate Boeing, Customer and Supplier teams to ensure the Project Plan includes sufficient Supplier testing, Supplier sub-system testing, and an overall CSE system acceptance test and 
 (c) organize and conduct technical coordination meetings with Customer and Supplier(s) to review responsibilities, functionality, Aircraft installation requirements and overall program schedule, direction and progress. 
 3. Seat Integration . 
 (a) Boeing will coordinate the interface requirements between seat suppliers and Suppliers. Interface requirements are defined in Boeing Document No s. D6-36230, Passenger Seat Design and Installation D6-36238, Passenger Seat Structural Design and Interface Criteria D222W232, 
 Attachment B to UAL-PA-04761-LA-1802883 
 Installation of Cabin Systems Equipment Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Seat Wiring and Control Requirements and D222W013-4, Seat Assembly Functional Test Plan , as amended and superseded from time to time. 
 Attachment B to UAL-PA-04761-LA-1802883 
 Installation of Cabin Systems Equipment Page 2 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124 2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802884 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Loading of Customer Software 
 References 1) Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft and 
 2) Customer Services General Terms Agreement No. 24-1 dated as of August 27, 1997 CSGTA between Boeing and Customer, including Supplemental Agreement for Electronic Access SA-EA and Supplemental Agreement for eEnabling SA-eE 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. The Purchase Agreement incorporates the terms and conditions of the CSGTA. This Letter Agreement modifies certain terms and conditions of the CSGTA with respect to the Aircraft. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement will have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement or the CSGTA, as the context requires. 
 1. Introduction 
 1.a At Customer s request, Boeing will perform a courtesy load of Customer-unique aircraft operational software and associated data owned by or licensed to Customer Customer Software on the Aircraft. The terms and conditions of this Letter Agreement will apply if Customer has accepted Boeing s offer to perform a courtesy load of Customer Software on the Aircraft. 
 1.b Customer Software is not part of the Aircraft type design therefore the Aircraft for delivery with such Customer Software installed on the Aircraft. For the Aircraft systems included in the Aircraft type design, Boeing will install its baseline production software to certify the Aircraft for to Customer. 
 2. Customer-Software Loading . 
 a. At Customer s request, Boeing will temporarily load Customer Software on the Aircraft prior to Aircraft certification to support standard Customer inspection activities for the Aircraft. Following the Customer inspection activities, Boeing will remove the Customer Software. 
 b. At Customer s request, Boeing will load Customer Software on the Aircraft promptly following to Customer. 
 3. Additional Terms and Conditions . 
 5.a Customer must provide the Customer Software to Boeing in support of Boeing s schedule requirements. If any Customer Software load is , Boeing will not be required to 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802884 
 Loading of Customer Software Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

further attempt to load such Customer Software and Boeing will load Boeing baseline production software, if applicable, on the Aircraft. 
 5.b Customer is responsible for all testing, verification, quality assurance, and operational approval of Customer Software. 
 5.c Customer Software is BFE for the purposes of Articles 3.1.3, 3.2, 3.4, 3.5, 9, 10, and 11 of Exhibit A Buyer Furnished Equipment Provisions Document of the AGTA and such Articles apply to the loading of Customer Software. 
 5.d The loading of Customer Software is a service under Exhibit B Customer Support Document of the AGTA. 
 5.e Boeing makes for the Customer Software loading services and Article 11 of Part 2 of Exhibit C Disclaimer and Release Exclusion of Liabilities of the AGTA and Article 8.2 Insurance of the AGTA apply to the loading of Customer Software. 
 4. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 entitled Privileged and Confidential Matters . 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802884 
 Loading of Customer Software Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date May 31, 2018 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Senior Vice President Finance and acting Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802884 
 Loading of Customer Software Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124 2207 

 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802885 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Aircraft Model 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used and not defined in this Letter Agreement have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 Customer 
 1. Definitions . 
 Aircraft means any Model 787- , 787- or 787- aircraft resulting from Customer . 
 2. 
 2.1 The for each Aircraft is as set forth in Attachments . of Aircraft is subject to change if or is for the Aircraft. Unless otherwise agreed by the engine manufacturer, shall be engine manufacturer s as of the date of execution of the definitive purchase agreement for the Aircraft 
 3. Notice . 
 Customer shall notify Boeing of its intent to at least 
 3.a for 787- , 787- and for a 787- if the aircraft had been previously certified and 
 3.b prior to the scheduled delivery month of the Aircraft for which it will be . 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802885 
 Aircraft Model Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

4. Training . 
 The training terms of Supplemental Exhibit CS1 Part 1 of the Purchase Agreement shall apply to the Aircraft. . 
 5. . 
 a. With respect to any Aircraft, Customer s is further conditioned upon Boeing having for the in the as the Aircraft . Within after receipt of a , Boeing will provide a written response to Customer s indicating Boeing s . 
 b. If Boeing is to manufacture the Aircraft , then Boeing for the Aircraft for Customer s and written acceptance within of . 
 c. All of Boeing s quoted delivery positions for Aircraft shall be considered preliminary until such time as the parties enter into a definitive supplemental agreement in accordance with paragraph 6 below. 
 6. Supplemental Agreement . 
 Boeing and Customer will enter into a Supplemental Agreement with respect to each Aircraft for the purpose of the Aircraft into the Purchase Agreement. Boeing and Customer will cooperate in good faith and exert commercially reasonable efforts to negotiate and execute a Supplemental Agreement within of the later of (i) Customer s to Boeing or (ii) . Upon the execution and delivery of a Supplemental Agreement pursuant to this Section 66, the aircraft identified in such Supplemental Agreement shall be deemed a for purposes of this Letter Agreement and an Aircraft as defined in the Purchase Agreement and shall be governed by the Purchase Agreement. 
 7. Assignment. 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894 entitled Assignment Matters , the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 8. Confidential Treatment. 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 entitled Privileged and Confidential Matters . 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802885 
 Aircraft Model Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802885 
 Aircraft Model Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date May 31, 2018 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Senior Vice President Finance and acting Chief Financial Officer 

Attachments 
 Attachment A 787- GE 
 Attachment B 787- GE and 
 Attachment C 787- GE 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802885 
 Aircraft Model Page 4 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment C to Aircraft Letter UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802885 (787- Airframe Model MTOW 787- pounds 1 
 # Detail Specification Engine Model Thrust pounds Airframe Price Base Year Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Formula Features 3 2 Airframe Data Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Base Year Index (ECI) Engine Price (Per Aircraft) 2 1 Base Year Index (CPI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Engine Data Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate 3 2 Base Year Index (ECI) In-Flight Entertainment (IFE) Estimate 3 2 Base Year Index (CPI) 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802885 
 Aircraft Model Page 5 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124 2207 

 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Special Matters 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement will have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 1. 
 1.a. 787- . 
 In consideration of Customer's purchase of 787- Aircraft, Boeing at the time of delivery of each 787- Aircraft and 787- Aircraft, a to Customer . The is subject to the as at the time of delivery. may to at the time of delivery for such Aircraft, or for the of Boeing and , but Aircraft. 
 1.b. 787- . 
 In consideration of Customer's purchase of 787- Aircraft, Boeing at the time of delivery of each 787- Aircraft and 787- Aircraft, a to Customer . The is subject to the as at the time of delivery. may to at the time of delivery for such Aircraft, or for the of Boeing and , but Aircraft. 
 1.c. 787- . 
 In consideration of Customer's purchase of 787- Aircraft, Boeing at the time of delivery of each 787- Aircraft and 787- Aircraft, a to Customer . The is subject to the as at the time of delivery. may to at the time of delivery for such Aircraft, or for the of Boeing and , but Aircraft. 
 2. 
 3. 
 4. 
 5. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894 entitled Assignment Matters , the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886 Special Matters Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

6. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 entitled Privileged and Confidential Matters . 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date May 31 , 2018 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Senior Vice President Finance and acting Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886 Special Matters Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A 
 Section 4.1 (ii) 787- Aircraft 

Attachment A to UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886 Special Matters Att. A, Page 1 of 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment B 
 Section 4.2 787- Aircraft 

Attachment B to UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886 Special Matters Att. B, Page 1 of 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124 2207 

 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802887 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject 787- Aircraft 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement will have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 Boeing agrees to provide Customer with the in the Attachment. These 
 1. Assignment . 
 Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Purchase Agreement, the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Boeing. 
 2. Confidentiality . 
 The information contained herein represents confidential business information and has value precisely because it is not available generally or to other parties. Customer will limit the disclosure of its contents to employees of Customer with a need to know the contents for purposes of helping Customer perform its obligations under the Purchase Agreement and who understand they are not to disclose its contents to any other person or entity without the prior written consent of Boeing. 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-In-Fact 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802887 
 787- Aircraft Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802887 
 787-9 Aircraft Performance Guarantees Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802887 
 Engines 
 Page 3 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this 
 Date May 31,2018 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Senior Vice President Finance and acting Chief Financial Officer 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802887 
 787- Aircraft Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802887 
 Engines 
 Page 1 

X 

MODEL 787- FOR UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 SECTION CONTENTS 
 1 AIRCRAFT MODEL APPLICABILITY 
 2 FLIGHT PERFORMANCE 
 3 SOUND LEVELS 
 4 AIRCRAFT CONFIGURATION 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 1. 
 P.A. No. 4815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M18-0412 SS18-0297 
 787- Aircraft Attachment, Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802887 
 Engines 
 Page 2 

AIRCRAFT MODEL APPLICABILITY 
 The contained in this Attachment (the are applicable to the 787- Aircraft with a maximum takeoff weight of pounds, a maximum landing weight of pounds, and a maximum zero fuel weight of pounds, and equipped with Boeing furnished engines. 
 2. FLIGHT PERFORMANCE 
 2.a Enroute One-Engine-Inoperative Altitude 
 The FAA-approved gross weight at an enroute one-engine-inoperative altitude of feet at which the available gross climb gradient equals percent on an C day 
 pounds 
 2.b Altitude Capability - All Engines Operating 
 2.2.i The altitude capability at a gross weight of pounds, on an C day, at Mach number, and satisfying the conditions defined below, 
 NOMINAL feet TOLERANCE feet feet 
 Conditions 
 1) The Aircraft will be capable of . 
 2) The Aircraft will be capable of . 
 3) The Aircraft will have . 
 
 P.A. No. 4815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M18-0412 SS18-0297 
 787- Aircraft Attachment, Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802887 
 Engines 
 Page 3 

2.2.2 The gross weight capability at an altitude of feet, on an C day, at Mach number, and satisfying the conditions defined below, 
 NOMINAL pounds TOLERANCE pounds pounds 
 Conditions 
 1) The Aircraft will be capable of . 
 2) The Aircraft will be capable of . 
 3) The Aircraft will have . 
 2.c Mission 
 i.Mission Payload 
 The payload for a stage length of nautical miles in still air (representative of a route) using the conditions and operating rules defined below, 
 NOMINAL pounds TOLERANCE pounds pounds 
 The above payload may require special attention to payload distribution and operational procedures. 
 
 P.A. No. 4815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M18-0412 SS18-0297 
 787- Aircraft Attachment, Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802887 
 Engines 
 Page 4 

Conditions and operating rules 
 Stage Length The stage length is defined as the sum of the distances for the climbout maneuver, climb, cruise, and descent. Takeoff The airport altitude is feet. 
 The takeoff gross weight is not limited by the airport conditions. Climbout Maneuver Following the takeoff to feet, the Aircraft retracts landing gear, climbs to feet above the departure airport altitude and accelerates to the recommended speed while retracting flaps. 
 Climb The Aircraft climbs from the initial climb altitude to feet altitude at the recommended speed. 
 The Aircraft then accelerates at a rate of climb of feet per minute to the recommended climb speed for minimum block fuel. 
 The climb continues at the recommended climb speed for minimum block fuel to the final climb altitude. The temperature is C during climb. 
 Maximum climb thrust is used during climb. Cruise The Aircraft cruises at Mach number. 
 The Aircraft cruises at eastbound cruise altitudes. 
 
 P.A. No. 4815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M18-0412 SS18-0297 
 787- Aircraft Attachment, Page 4 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802887 
 Engines 
 Page 5 

The temperature is C during cruise. 
 The cruise thrust is not to exceed maximum cruise thrust except during a step climb when maximum climb thrust may be used. Descent The Aircraft descends from the final cruise altitude at KCAS to an altitude of feet above the destination airport altitude. 
 Throughout the descent, the cabin pressure is controlled to a maximum rate of descent equivalent to feet per minute at sea level. 
 The temperature is C during descent. 
 Approach and Landing Maneuver The Aircraft decelerates to the final approach speed while extending flaps and landing gear, then descends and lands. The destination airport altitude is feet. 
 Fixed Allowances For the purpose of this and for the purpose of establishing compliance with this , the following will be used as fixed quantities and allowances 
 Taxi-Out Fuel pounds 
 Takeoff and Climbout Maneuver Fuel pounds Distance nautical miles 
 
 P.A. No. 4815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M18-0412 SS18-0297 
 787- Aircraft Attachment, Page 5 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802887 
 Engines 
 Page 6 

Approach and Landing Maneuver Fuel pounds 
 Taxi-In (will be consumed from the reserve fuel) Fuel pounds 
 Usable reserve fuel remaining upon completion of the approach and landing maneuver pounds 
 For information purposes, the reserve fuel is based on a hold equivalent to minutes at feet above sea level on a standard day at the Maximum Landing Weight. 
 
 ii.Mission Payload 
 The payload for a stage length of nautical miles in still air (representative of a route) using the conditions and operating rules defined below, 
 NOMINAL pounds TOLERANCE pounds pounds 
 The above payload may require special attention to payload distribution and operational procedures. 
 Conditions and operating rules 
 Stage Length The stage length is defined as the sum of the distances for the climbout maneuver, climb, cruise, and descent. Takeoff The airport altitude is feet. 
 The takeoff gross weight is not limited by the airport conditions. 
 P.A. No. 4815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M18-0412 SS18-0297 
 787- Aircraft Attachment, Page 6 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802887 
 Engines 
 Page 7 

Climbout Maneuver Following the takeoff to feet, the Aircraft retracts landing gear, climbs to feet above the departure airport altitude and accelerates to the recommended speed while retracting flaps. 
 Climb The Aircraft climbs from the initial climb altitude to feet altitude at the recommended speed. 
 The Aircraft then accelerates at a rate of climb of feet per minute to the recommended climb speed for minimum block fuel. 
 The climb continues at the recommended climb speed for minimum block fuel to the final climb altitude. The temperature is C during climb. 
 Maximum climb thrust is used during climb. Cruise The Aircraft cruises at Mach number. 
 The Aircraft cruises at westbound cruise altitudes. 
 The temperature is C during cruise. 
 The cruise thrust is not to exceed maximum cruise thrust except during a step climb when maximum climb thrust may be used. 
 P.A. No. 4815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M18-0412 SS18-0297 
 787- Aircraft Attachment, Page 7 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802887 
 Engines 
 Page 8 

Descent The Aircraft descends from the final cruise altitude at KCAS to an altitude of feet above the destination airport altitude. 
 Throughout the descent, the cabin pressure is controlled to a maximum rate of descent equivalent to feet per minute at sea level. 
 The temperature is C during descent. 
 Approach and Landing Maneuver The Aircraft decelerates to the final approach speed while extending flaps and landing gear, then descends and lands. The destination airport altitude is feet. 
 Fixed Allowances For the purpose of this and for the purpose of establishing compliance with this , the following will be used as fixed quantities and allowances 
 Taxi-Out Fuel pounds 
 Takeoff and Climbout Maneuver Fuel pounds Distance nautical miles 
 Approach and Landing Maneuver Fuel pounds 
 Taxi-In (will be consumed from the reserve fuel) Fuel pounds 
 
 P.A. No. 4815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M18-0412 SS18-0297 
 787- Aircraft Attachment, Page 8 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802887 
 Engines 
 Page 9 

Usable reserve fuel remaining upon completion of the approach and landing maneuver pounds 
 For information purposes, the reserve fuel is based on a hold equivalent to minutes at feet above sea level on a standard day at the Maximum Landing Weight. 

P.A. No. 4815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M18-0412 SS18-0297 
 787- Aircraft Attachment, Page 9 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802887 
 Engines 
 Page 10 

iii.Mission Block Fuel 
 The block fuel for a stage length of nautical miles in still air (representative of a route) with a pound payload using the conditions and operating rules defined below, will not be more than the following value 
 NOMINAL pounds TOLERANCE pounds pounds 
 The above payload may require special attention to payload distribution and operational procedures. 
 Conditions and operating rules 
 Stage Length The stage length is defined as the sum of the distances for the climbout maneuver, climb, cruise, and descent. Block Fuel The block fuel is defined as the sum of the fuel used for taxi-out, takeoff and climbout maneuver, climb, cruise, descent, approach and landing maneuver, and taxi-in. Takeoff The airport altitude is feet. 
 The takeoff gross weight is not limited by the airport conditions. Climbout Maneuver Following the takeoff to feet, the Aircraft retracts landing gear, climbs to feet above the departure airport altitude and accelerates to the recommended speed while retracting flaps. 
 Climb The Aircraft climbs from the initial climb altitude to feet altitude at the recommended speed. 
 
 P.A. No. 4815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M18-0412 SS18-0297 
 787- Aircraft Attachment, Page 10 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802887 
 Engines 
 Page 11 

The Aircraft then accelerates at a rate of climb of feet per minute to the recommended climb speed for minimum block fuel. 
 The climb continues at the recommended climb speed for minimum block fuel to the final climb altitude. The temperature is C during climb. 
 Maximum climb thrust is used during climb. Cruise The Aircraft cruises at Mach number. 
 The Aircraft cruises at westbound cruise altitudes. 
 The temperature is C during cruise. 
 The cruise thrust is not to exceed maximum cruise thrust except during a step climb when maximum climb thrust may be used. Descent The Aircraft descends from the final cruise altitude at KCAS to an altitude of feet above the destination airport altitude. 
 Throughout the descent, the cabin pressure is controlled to a maximum rate of descent equivalent to feet per minute at sea level. 
 The temperature is C during descent. 
 
 P.A. No. 4815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M18-0412 SS18-0297 
 787- Aircraft Attachment, Page 11 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802887 
 Engines 
 Page 12 

Approach and Landing Maneuver The Aircraft decelerates to the final approach speed while extending flaps and landing gear, then descends and lands. The destination airport altitude is feet. 
 Fixed Allowances For the purpose of this and for the purpose of establishing compliance with this , the following will be used as fixed quantities and allowances 
 Taxi-Out Fuel pounds 
 Takeoff and Climbout Maneuver Fuel pounds Distance nautical miles 
 Approach and Landing Maneuver Fuel pounds 
 Taxi-In (will be consumed from the reserve fuel) Fuel pounds 
 Usable reserve fuel remaining upon completion of the approach and landing maneuver pounds 
 For information purposes, the reserve fuel is based on a hold equivalent to minutes at feet above sea level on a standard day at the Maximum Landing Weight. 

P.A. No. 4815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M18-0412 SS18-0297 
 787- Aircraft Attachment, Page 12 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802887 
 Engines 
 Page 13 

iv. Operational Empty Weight Basis 
 The Operational Empty Weight (OEW) derived in paragraph 2.3.5 is the basis for the mission of paragraphs 2.3.1 through 2.3.3. 
 P.A. No. 4815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M18-0412 SS18-0297 
 787- Aircraft Attachment, Page 13 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802887 
 Engines 
 Page 14 

2.3.iWeight Summary - United Airlines 
 Pounds Standard Model Specification MEW Configuration Specification 
 Baseline Airplane and 
 Interior 
 Engines 
 USG Fuel Capacity 
 United Airlines Manufacturer's Empty Weight (MEW) Standard and Operational Items Allowance (Paragraph 2.3.6) United Airlines Operational Empty Weight (OEW) quantity pounds pounds 
 
 P.A. No. 4815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M18-0412 SS18-0297 
 787- Aircraft Attachment, Page 14 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802887 
 Engines 
 Page 15 

2.3.6 Standard and Operational Items Allowance Quantity Pounds Pounds Pounds Standard Items Allowance Unusable Fuel Oil Oxygen Equipment Miscellaneous Equipment Galley Structure and Fixed Inserts Operational Items Allowance Crew and Crew Baggage Flight Crew 
 Cabin Crew 
 Flight Crew Briefcase 
 Cockpit Manuals 
 Catering Allowance & Removable Inserts 
 First Class Business Class Economy Class Tourist Class Passenger Service Equipment 
 Potable Water - USG) 
 Waste Tank Disinfectant Emergency Equipment (Includes Over Water Equip.) Cargo System Containers 
 Total Standard and Operational Items Allowance 
 
 3. 
 P.A. No. 4815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M18-0412 SS18-0297 
 787- Aircraft Attachment, Page 15 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802887 
 Engines 
 Page 16 

SOUND LEVELS 
 a. Community Sound Levels 
 i. Certification 
 The Aircraft will be certified in accordance with the requirements of 14 CFR part 36, Stage 4 and ICAO Annex 16, Volume 1, Chapter 4. 
 ii. Cumulative Noise Certification Margin to Chapter 4 Stage 4 Rule 
 The Cumulative Noise Certification Margin to the Chapter 4 Stage 4 Rule will not be less than EPNdB. 
 iii. Departure Condition 
 The sound level for Departure Noise shall be defined as the and lateral noise . The Departure Noise level for this aircraft with a takeoff gross weight of pounds shall qualify this aircraft for the as defined in , and will not be more than the following value 
 EPNdB 
 iv. Arrival Condition 
 The sound level for Arrival Noise will be defined as EPNdB less than the approach noise . The Arrival Noise level for this aircraft with a maximum landing weight of pounds will qualify this aircraft for the as defined in , and will not be more than the following value 
 EPNdB 
 
 P.A. No. 4815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M18-0412 SS18-0297 
 787- Aircraft Attachment, Page 16 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802887 
 Engines 
 Page 17 

4. AIRCRAFT CONFIGURATION 
 4.1 The contained in this Attachment are based on the Aircraft configuration as defined in Boeing , plus any changes mutually agreed to or otherwise allowed by the Purchase Agreement to be incorporated into the original release of the Customer s Detail Specification (hereinafter referred to as the Detail Specification). Appropriate adjustment shall be made for changes in such Detail Specification approved by the Customer and Boeing or otherwise allowed by the Purchase Agreement which cause changes to the flight performance and or weight and balance of the Aircraft. Such adjustment shall be accounted for by Boeing in its evidence of compliance with the . 
 4.2 The payloads of paragraphs 2.3.1 and 2.3.2, and the specified payload of the paragraph 2.3.3 will be by Boeing for the effect of the following on OEW in its evidence of compliance with the 
 (1) Changes to the Detail Specification or any other changes mutually agreed upon between the Customer and Boeing or otherwise allowed by the Purchase Agreement. 
 (2) The difference between the component given in Appendix E of the Detail Specification and the . 
 5. 
 6. 
 7. 
 
 P.A. No. 4815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M18-0412 SS18-0297 
 787- Aircraft Attachment, Page 17 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124 2207 

 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802888 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject for 787- Aircraft 
 References 1) Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft and 
 2) Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802887 entitled 787- Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement will have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 1. Applicable . 
 The Attachment to Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802888 contains which apply to the 787- Aircraft ). Paragraph(s) 2.3.3 of the includes one or more . The contained in this Letter Agreement apply if the report furnished to Customer for any 787- Aircraft pursuant to Article 5.4 of the AGTA shows than the . 
 2. Demonstration of . 
 Article 5.4 of the AGTA and the provide a procedure for demonstration of with the prior to 787- Aircraft delivery. That method will be used to demonstrate with the . 
 3. Rights and Obligations in the Event of a . 
 In the event of a for any 787- Aircraft, at the time Boeing tenders that 787- Aircraft for delivery, set forth in sections 4 and 5. Customer delivery of such 787- Aircraft . 
 
 4. Post Delivery . 
 In the event of a for any 787- Aircraft, the following terms and conditions will apply 
 4.a , or may cause to parts and or which, on such 787- Aircraft, would . 
 4.b If , or causes to be such 787- Aircraft, then Customer and Boeing will upon the details of program. will be provided, except those provided to . Unless agreed to otherwise, . Boeing and or , as applicable, will provide reasonable support for such program to . 
 4.c If Customer elects to on such 787- Aircraft, after the delivery during 787- Aircraft which cannot be during 787- Aircraft will be within a mutually agreed period of time. according to Boeing and engine manufacturer instructions. 
 for 787- Aircraft UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802888 Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

4.d related to engines will also apply to spare engines . Boeing , will give Customer reasonable advance written notice of the estimated at Customer s maintenance base for any such . this Letter Agreement and be to using established procedures and other terms identified in the described in paragraph . 
 5. 
 If following delivery of a 787- Aircraft for which there is a Boeing has not provided, or caused which , then Boeing will described in this section 5. No will be pursuant to this section 2 for any 787- Aircraft not Customer. 
 a. . to Customer pursuant to this section 5 will be by Boeing and or the the time of a 787- Aircraft delivery for which there is or at the time of 787- Aircraft delivery, whichever is later . In the event of a from the for a 787- Aircraft, the total amount of will not for each applicable 787- Aircraft for each applicable 787- Aircraft. amount will be of the . The amounts stated in this paragraph 5.1 are stated in dollars and will the scheduled month of the 787- Aircraft delivery pursuant to the set forth in the Purchase Agreement applicable to the 787- Aircraft. 
 b. Adjustments . The attributable to will be determined by Boeing analysis based on data certified to be correct by Boeing. The will be deemed to be the as calculated using based on the data furnished pursuant to Article of the AGTA. If in a 787- Aircraft as set forth in paragraph 4.3 above, with the after such . If Customer elects not to in any applicable 787- Aircraft as set forth in paragraph 4.3 above, . 
 6. 
 Boeing and Customer agree it is not the intent of the parties to provide benefits hereunder that to be provided (a) by Boeing under the Purchase Agreement, or any other agreement between Boeing and Customer, or (b) by under any agreement between and Customer, due to the 787- Aircraft . 
 7. 
 Customer agrees that the contained in paragraphs 4 and 5 herein are for purposes of with respect to the of Customer s 787- Aircraft and are of any and all of Boeing s and to Customer in connection therewith. Customer Boeing and . 
 8. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894 entitled Assignment Matters , the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s . 
 9. Confidentiality . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 entitled Privileged and Confidential Matters . 
 If the foregoing correctly sets forth your understanding of our agreement with respect to the matters contained herein, please indicate your acceptance and approval below. 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 for 787- Aircraft UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802888 Page 2 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 

for 787- Aircraft UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802888 Page 3 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date May 31, 2018 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Senior Vice President Finance and acting Chief Financial Officer 

for 787- Aircraft UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802888 Page 4 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124 2207 

 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802889 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Demonstration Flight Waiver 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 Definition of Terms 
 
 The AGTA provides that each aircraft will be test flown prior to delivery for the purpose of demonstrating the functioning of such Aircraft and its equipment to Customer however, Customer may elect to waive this test flight. For each test flight waived, agrees to an amount of at delivery that, including the , totals the following 
 Aircraft Model 787 
 Further, agrees to for any as a result of the discovery of a during the first flight of the aircraft by following delivery to the extent such are under a provided by or any of suppliers. 
 Should a which requires the return of the Aircraft to facilities at , so that may such , Boeing and Customer agree that title to and risk of loss of such Aircraft will . In addition, it is agreed that will have while it is on the ground at facilities in , as is chargeable by law to a bailee for mutual benefit, but shall for . 
 To be for , Customer shall submit a written itemized statement describing any and indicating the by for each . This request must be submitted to , within after the . 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802889 
 Demonstration Flight Waiver Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802889 
 Demonstration Flight Waiver Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this 
 Date May 31, 2018 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Senior Vice President Finance and acting Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802889 
 Demonstration Flight Waiver Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Privileged and Confidential Matters 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 Boeing and Customer agree that certain commercial and financial information contained in or transmitted pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and the Aircraft General Terms Agreement AGTA (together the Purchase Agreement between Boeing and Customer and all letter agreements made a part of the Purchase Agreement, including exhibits or attachments thereto are considered by Boeing and Customer as privileged and confidential and the parties agree that the information contained therein or transmitted pursuant to Information represents confidential business information. Except as specified below, each of Boeing and Customer is prohibited from disclosing the Information to any person, entity, or government agency. Each party shall protect the confidentiality of such Information in the manner similar to how a party protects its own Information of a similar nature, but with no less than a reasonable standard of care. This provision shall not restrict a party from taking any steps necessary to protect and safeguard its interests relating to the Information, including obtaining a protective order or other injunctive relief, where appropriate. 
 (a) Employees . A party may disclose the Information to its own employees (including the employees of Customer s controlled subsidiaries United Air Lines, Inc. and Continental Airlines, Inc.) who (i) have a need to know the Information for purposes of assisting said party in the evaluation or administration of the Purchase Agreement or such party s business operations and (ii) have been instructed to not disclose the Information except as provided by this Letter Agreement. 
 (b) Professional Advisors . A party may disclose the Information to its auditors, insurers, financial advisors, consultants and attorneys Professional Advisors who have a need to know the Information in connection with providing services to said party only when said party has first obtained from the Professional Advisor a written obligation of confidentiality and restricted use that is no less restrictive than the terms of this Letter Agreement. Each party shall be fully responsible to the other party for the Professional Advisors' compliance with such obligations. 
 (c) Regulatory Requirements . A party may disclose in a regulatory or other government filing that part of the Information which is required by applicable law 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 
 Privileged and Confidential Matters Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

or regulation to be disclosed in such regulatory or other governmental filings, including filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), but only in accordance with the following requirements 
 (i) The disclosing party shall advise the other party in writing of such disclosure requirement prior to making such disclosure to enable the other party to take those steps it deems necessary to protect the Information and 
 (ii) The disclosing party shall, as requested by the other party, seek redaction and or confidential treatment for the Information or parts thereof from the SEC or other applicable regulators. 
 Very truly yours, 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 
 Privileged and Confidential Matters Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this 
 Date May 31, 2018 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Senior Vice President and acting Chief Financial Officer 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 
 Privileged and Confidential Matters Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124 2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802891 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject 787- 
 Reference Purchase Agreement 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 1. Definitions . 
 Notice means the written communication provided by Boeing to Customer in accordance with the requirements of Article 4.1, below. 
 Aircraft will have the meaning specified in Letter Agreement Number UAL-PA-03860-LA-1209265R204815-LA-1802897, as amended, relating to 787- Aircraft. 
 Program Aircraft means each 787- Aircraft specified in Table 1 of the Purchase Agreement as of the date of this Letter Agreement, any 787- Aircraft for which Customer has , and the 787- Aircraft scheduled to deliver if they are to 787- Aircraft. 
 2. Applicability . 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Purchase Agreement to the contrary, the parties agree that the for each Program Aircraft shall be determined in accordance with this Letter Agreement. 
 3. Forecast . 
 Boeing will release an forecast in of each year based on Boeing s then current standard . Only one forecast shall be used to conduct the analysis performed in accordance with Article 4.1, below, for a given Program Aircraft. The forecast applicable to a given Program Aircraft is set forth in Attachment A. 
 4. 
 4.a 
 4.1.i 
 4.1.ii 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802891 
 787- Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

4.1.iii 
 4.1.ivIn the event that Boeing either the Notice as detailed in Article 4.1.2 or Article 4.1.3 and Customer , then Customer the Purchase Agreement with respect to such affected Program Aircraft. 
 4.b If Boeing provides Customer the described in Article 4.1.2 or Article 4.1.3 above, then Customer shall notify Boeing contained in Articles 4.1.2, 4.1.3, or 4.1.4 above within days of its receipt of the Notice from Boeing. In the event Customer in accordance with Article 4.1.4 above, then Boeing to Customer, for the Program Aircraft. 
 i.Within days of Boeing s receipt of notice for any such Program Aircraft under Article 4.2 above, Boeing by written notice to Customer to related to such Program Aircraft , by Customer. 
 ii.Should Customer any notice to Boeing in accordance with Article 4.2 above, then the for such Program Aircraft shall be in accordance with Article 4.1.2. 
 4.c In the event that the of a Program Aircraft that is subject to either Article 4.1.1, Article 4.1.2 or Article 4.1.3 above, applicable to such Program Aircraft will be determined pursuant to Article 5 below. 
 5. 
 6. 
 7. 
 , identified in the Purchase Agreement as subject to pursuant to Supplemental Exhibit AE1, and which pertains to the Program Aircraft shall be . 
 1. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894 entitled Assignment Matters , the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802891 
 787- Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

2. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 entitled Privileged and Confidential Matters . 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802891 
 787- Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802891 
 787- Page 4 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date May 31, 2018 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Senior Vice President and acting Chief Financial Officer 

Attachment B to UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802891 
 787- Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A 
 Forecast & Notice Date 
 
 Forecast 
 Applicable to Program Aircraft Delivering in Time Period Notice Date 

ATTACHMENT B 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124 2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802892 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Special Terms Seats 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All capitalized terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement will have the same meaning as defined in the Purchase Agreement. 
 1. Definitions . 
 1.a Covered Seats shall mean those seats which are not otherwise identified in Exhibit A to the Purchase Agreement as Buyer Furnished Equipment. 
 2. Applicability of Supplemental Exhibit CS1 to the Purchase Agreement . 
 a. Boeing did not enter into with of the . Customer is to enter into such with of of Supplemental Exhibit CS1 to the Purchase Agreement. 
 1.a Boeing will incorporate the , received from of , into Customer s Materials of each Aircraft reflecting the configuration of that Aircraft as delivered. Upon Customer s request, Boeing delivery to subject to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, Supplemental Exhibit CS1 (787 Customer Support Document), Part 2, Article 2.3 relating to Additional Services. 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802892 
 787 Special Terms - Seats Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES PROPRIETARY 

3. Applicability of the Provisions of Exhibit C to the AGTA . 
 the provisions of Part 4 of Exhibit C to the AGTA, the following will apply to 
 Boeing will obtain against by Customer from of the on the Aircraft . If requested by Customer, Boeing will provide copies of and to Customer upon request. 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-In-Fact 
 
 ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date May 31, 2018 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Senior Vice President Finance and acting Chief Financial Officer 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802892 
 787 Special Terms - Seats Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES PROPRIETARY 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802892 
 787 Special Terms - Seats Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802893 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject AGTA Matters 
 References 1) Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft and 
 2) Aircraft General Terms Agreement dated as of October 10, 1997 between the parties, identified as AGTA-CAL AGTA ), 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement or the AGTA, as the context requires. 
 1. AGTA Basic Articles . 
 Article 11 of the AGTA i entitled Notices is revised to read as follows 
 Article 11. Notices . 
 All notices required by this AGTA or by any applicable purchase agreement will be written in English, will be effective on the date of receipt, and will be delivered or transmitted by any customary means to the appropriate address or number listed below 
 UNITED BOEING 
 
 By mail 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 
 By Courier United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive HDQPP 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Attn Vice President of Procurement_______________ 
 By mail 
 The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Mail Code 21-43 
 Seattle, WA 98124 
 By Courier Boeing Commercial Airplanes 
 1901 Oakesdale Avenue SW 
 Renton, Washington 98057 
 Attn Vice President Contracts Mail Code 21-24 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802893 
 AGTA Matters Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES PROPRIETARY 

2. Appendices to the AGTA . 
 Appendix I, entitled SAMPLE Insurance Certificate , under the LIMITS OF LIABILITY section, the aircraft models and corresponding insurance amounts are hereby revised as follows 
 787, all models 
 
 3. Exhibit C to the AGTA, Product Assurance Document . 
 3.1 Part 2, Article 3.1, subsection (i), of Exhibit C of the AGTA is revised to read as follows 
 for Boeing aircraft models 777F, 777-200, 777-300ER, 737-600, 737-700, 737-800, 737-900, 737-7, 737-8, 737-9, 737-10, 787 or new aircraft models designed and manufactured with similar, new technology and for the model 747-8, the warranty period ends after Delivery. 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-In-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802893 
 AGTA Matters Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date May 31, 2018 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Senior Vice President Finance and acting Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802893 
 AGTA Matters Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Assignment Matters 
 References 1) Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft and 
 2) Aircraft General Terms Agreement dated as of October 10, 1997 between the parties, identified as AGTA-CAL (AGTA) 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement and the AGTA. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement or the AGTA, as the context requires. 
 1. Assignment of Customer s Interest . 
 Notwithstanding any statement to the contrary in the Purchase Agreement or the AGTA, Boeing will consent to any reasonable request by Customer to assign the Purchase Agreement to any Customer controlled subsidiary provided that 
 1.a Customer notifies Boeing of its intent to exercise its right to assign Aircraft in writing no less than prior to the first day of the scheduled delivery month of the Aircraft to be assigned, 
 1.b Boeing shall not be subject to any additional liability as a result of the assignment which Boeing would not otherwise be subject to under the Purchase Agreement 
 1.c Customer s assignment will include all of its rights and obligations under the Purchase Agreement with respect to the Aircraft and Customer s assignee will assume all of Customer s right and obligations under the Purchase Agreement with respect to the Aircraft. 
 1.d Customer s assignee is a controlled subsidiary of Customer at the time of assignment. 
 1.e The assignment shall not modify in any respect the continued rights of Boeing under the Purchase Agreement, or require Boeing to divest itself of title to or possession of the Aircraft, or any other things, until delivery thereof and full payment is provided to Boeing and 
 1.f Boeing is provided with an adequate guarantee of performance of all obligations under this Purchase Agreement in a form reasonably satisfactory to Boeing 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894 
 Assignment Matters Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

2. Assignment . 
 Except as provided herein, the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 3. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 entitled Privileged and Confidential Matters . 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894 
 Assignment Matters Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date May 31, 2018 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Senior Vice President Finance and acting Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894 
 Assignment Matters Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Matters 
 References 1) Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft and 
 2) Aircraft General Terms Agreement dated as of October 10, 1997 between the parties, identified as AGTA-CAL AGTA 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. The Purchase Agreement incorporates the terms and conditions of the AGTA. This Letter Agreement modifies certain terms and conditions of the AGTA with respect to the Aircraft. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement will have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement or the AGTA, as the context requires. 
 1. 
 2. 
 3. Rights . 
 3.a Customer agrees that . 
 3.b In the event Boeing to Boeing pursuant to Article 3.1, absent instruction from Boeing to the contrary, Customer shall, under the Purchase Agreement as amended by this Letter Agreement. Customer will . 
 3.c For all purposes of this paragraph 3, including without limitation, notice, or any other application, . Boeing expressly reserves all of its rights and remedies under any agreement and applicable law. 
 4. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894 entitled Assignment Matters , the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895 
 Matters Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

5. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 entitled Privileged and Confidential Matters . 
 If the foregoing correctly sets forth your understanding of our agreement with respect to the matters treated above, please indicate your acceptance and approval below. 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895 
 Matters Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date May 31, 2018 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Senior Vice President Finance and acting Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895 
 Matters Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802896 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Model 787 e-Enabling Software Matters 
 References 1) Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft and 
 2) Customer Services General Terms Agreement No. 24-1 dated as of August 27, 1997 CSGTA between Boeing and Customer, including Supplemental Agreement for Electronic Access SA-EA and Supplemental Agreement for eEnabling SA-eE 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. The Purchase Agreement incorporates the terms and conditions of the CSGTA. This Letter Agreement modifies certain terms and conditions of the CSGTA with respect to the Aircraft. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement will have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement or the CSGTA, as the context requires. 
 1. Customer s Aircraft is equipped with onboard loadable hardware, including such hardware as the and the . Boeing will load certain data and install certain Boeing e-Enabling software, as set forth in the Purchase Agreement and the 787 Software License Orders, on the loadable hardware. All such e-Enabling software licensed from Boeing will be considered , and not , as these terms are defined in the Purchase Agreement. 
 2. Certain technical data and maintenance information specified in Article 3 of Part 3 of Supplemental Exhibit CS1 to the Purchase Agreement may be provided in , made available for loading onto Customer s maintenance laptop or conveyed through electronic access. Such data and the software required to access such data and information will be considered , and not even when used onboard the Aircraft. 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802896 Page 1 
 787 e-Enabling 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

3. Additional Terms and Conditions . 
 Boeing will license and load or install the above on the following conditions 
 (a) Notwithstanding any provision in the Purchase Agreement to the contrary, the license and access to the referred to in Articles 1 and 2, above, as well as the provision and license of the for the and the , will be pursuant to the terms and conditions of the CSGTA and 
 (b) The DISCLAIMER AND RELEASE and EXCLUSION OF CONSEQUENTIAL AND OTHER DAMAGES provisions in Article 11 of Part 2 of Exhibit C of the AGTA and the insurance provisions of Article 8.2 of the AGTA will apply to Boeing s loading installation of the . 
 4. The parties acknowledge that the CSGTA has previously been executed by the parties delivery of Customer s first 787 Aircraft under this Purchase Agreement. 
 Very truly yours, 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802896 Page 2 
 787 e-Enabling 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date May 31, 2018 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Senior Vice President Finance and acting Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802896 Page 3 
 787 e-Enabling 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124 2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802897 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Aircraft 
 Reference Purchase Agreement 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 Boeing agrees to manufacture and sell to Customer additional Boeing model 787- aircraft and 787- aircraft with either model being referred to herein as Aircraft . The model, delivery per aircraft and schedule are listed in Attachments A-1 and A-2 to this Letter Agreement (collectively Attachment A or Attachments ). 
 1. Aircraft Description and Changes . 
 1.a Aircraft Description The Aircraft are described by the Detail Specification listed in Attachment A, and are subject to the items in section 1.2 below. 
 1.b Changes The Detail Specification will be revised to include 
 (1) Changes applicable to the Model 787 aircraft which are developed by Boeing between the date of the Detail Specification and the signing of the definitive agreement to purchase the Aircraft 
 (2) Changes required to obtain required regulatory certificates and 
 (3) Changes mutually agreed upon. 
 2. Price . 
 2.a. The of the Aircraft are listed in Attachment A to this Letter Agreement. 
 2.b. 
 2.2.i. . The that will be identified in the definitive agreement for the Aircraft will equal (i) the as of the date of execution of the Purchase Agreement for the , and (ii) for any changes incorporated between the date of execution of the Purchase 
 P.A. No. 04815 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802897 , Aircraft Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Agreement for the and the date of execution of the definitive agreement for the Aircraft, the associated with such changes will be those first published by Boeing . For the avoidance of doubt, that are not published by Boeing as of the date of execution of the Purchase Agreement for the will be to the same as the for the in accordance with Boeing uses . The for the Aircraft will in accordance with Supplemental Exhibit AE1. Boeing represents that the provided in this Article 2.2 are consistent with the terms of Letter Agreement 6-1162-KKT-080, as amended. 
 2.2.ii. . The and the for Aircraft will be on the same basis as the Aircraft, and will to Boeing s as of the date of execution of the definitive agreement for the Aircraft. 
 2.2.iii. . The , listed in Exhibit Supplement EE1 to the Purchase Agreement, have been to the months of scheduled delivery using listed in the Attachment A to this Letter Agreement. The will be by the prior to the signing of a definitive agreement for the Aircraft. 
 2.2.iv. . The and the of the Aircraft will be to Boeing s and the as of the date of execution of the definitive agreement for the Aircraft. 
 3. Payment . 
 
 3.1 Customer will pay a to Boeing in the amount shown in Attachment A for each Aircraft ), on the date of this Letter Agreement. If Customer an , the will be against the . If Customer does not an , Boeing will retain the for that Aircraft and apply it, . If no , then the may be applied to for Boeing and . 
 5.b If Customer its to acquire an Aircraft, in the amounts and at the times listed in Attachment A will be for that Aircraft. The of the Aircraft Price for that Aircraft will be paid . 
 4. 
 5.a Customer may by giving written notice to Boeing no later than (i) for the Aircraft delivering in and (ii) prior to the first business day of the applicable delivery month listed in the Attachment for all remaining Aircraft. 
 5.b Customer s Model 787- aircraft and 787- aircraft in Attachment A and to this Letter Agreement are scheduled by . Upon of an Aircraft, Boeing has the the scheduled delivery by or from the month in Attachment A to this Letter Agreement with written notice to Customer no less than prior to the scheduled delivery month provided, that Boeing will endeavor to whose scheduled delivery months are whose scheduled delivery months are . Any will Aircraft delivery schedule and all other applicable terms and conditions will be accordingly. Such delivery will not be considered either an or , and all applicable terms and conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement (e.g., and and shall be aligned to such delivery month. 
 P.A. No. 04815 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802897 , Aircraft Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

5. Contract Terms . 
 Boeing and Customer will use their best efforts to reach a definitive agreement for the purchase of an Aircraft, including the terms and conditions contained in this Letter Agreement, in the Purchase Agreement, and other terms and conditions as may be agreed upon to add the Aircraft to the Purchase Agreement as an Aircraft. If the parties have not entered into a definitive agreement within following , either party the purchase of Aircraft by giving written notice to the other within . If Customer and Boeing into such definitive agreement, Boeing will the for that Aircraft unless is attributable to , in which case the shall be to Customer . 
 
 Attachment A-1 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 Attachment A-2 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 

Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 
 P.A. No. 04815 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802897 , Aircraft Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date May 31 , 2018 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Senior Vice President Finance and acting Chief Financial Officer 
 
 P.A. No. 04815 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802897 , Option Aircraft Page 4 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A-1 to Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802897 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and (787- to be delivered to Customer under any purchase agreement THIS TABLE PREPARED USING 787- 787- Aircraft Airframe Model MTOW 787- pounds # pounds # Detail Specification 2Q12 External Fcst Engine Model Thrust pounds pounds Airframe Price Base Year Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Formula Features 2 2 Airframe Data Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Base Year Index (ECI) Engine Price (Per Aircraft) 1 1 Base Year Index (CPI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Engine Data Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Base Year Index (ECI) In-Flight Entertainment (IFE) Estimate Base Year Index (CPI) Non-Refundable Deposit Aircraft at Def Agreement + # of Aircraft Delivery Date Number of Aircraft Factor Factor Estimate Base Price Per A P Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Prior to Delivery) (Airframe) (Engine) Total 1 
 2 
 + # 
 P.A. No. 04815 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802897 , Aircraft Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A-2 to Letter Agreement 04815-LA-1802897 Entitled Aircraft 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and (787- Airframe Model MTOW 787- pounds 1 Detail Specification 4Q15 External Fcst Engine Model Thrust pounds Airframe Price Base Year Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Formula Features 3 Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Airframe Data Engine Price (Per Aircraft) 2 Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Engine Data In-Flight Entertainment (IFE) Estimate Base Year Index (ECI) Deposit per Aircraft Base Year Index (CPI) # of Aircraft Delivery Date Number of Aircraft Factor (Airframe) Factor (Engine) Forecast Expiration Date Estimate Base Price Per A P Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Prior to Delivery) Total 1 
 2 
 3 Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802881 entitled Open Configuration Matters 
 
 P.A. No. 04815 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802897 , Aircraft Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802898 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Rights for Certain 787 Aircraft 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used and not defined in this Letter Agreement have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 1. In response to Customer s , Boeing is to Boeing Model 787- aircraft 787 Aircraft) specified in Attachment 1 to this Letter Agreement as follows 
 1.a If Customer desires of the 787 Aircraft, then Customer must provide written notice to Boeing by a date that is Approval Deadline of its of the 787 Aircraft (Such notice referred to herein as a Notice and the 787 Aircraft are defined as the 787 Aircraft ). 
 1.1.iIf Customer provides a Notice pursuant to Section 1.1 above prior to the Approval Deadline in respect of the 787 Aircraft, then with respect to the 787 Aircraft 
 1.1.1.1 The rights and obligations of both parties will in respect of 787 Aircraft. 
 1.1.1.2 Boeing will the of 787 Aircraft. 
 1.1.1.3 Boeing will the 787 and Customer obligations for (i) obligations (ii) at aircraft delivery or (iii) Customer s of Boeing and . 
 1.b Unless Customer provides Boeing with a Notice by the Approval Deadline 
 i.The for each 787 Aircraft will be due according to the payment schedule included in Attachment 1 to this Letter Agreement and 
 ii.Each 787 Aircraft shall be deemed (i) a 787- Aircraft or (ii) if pursuant to Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802885 entitled Aircraft Model , a 787- Aircraft or a 787- Aircraft, as applicable, for all purposes of the Purchase Agreement including the Letter Agreement entitled Special Matters . The parties will deem Attachment 1 to be a supplement to the Table 1 in effect at the date of this Letter Agreement without further Purchase Agreement revision being required. For administrative convenience, a compilation of Table 1 to the Purchase Agreement to formally incorporate the Attachment 1 revisions can be prepared if requested by either party. 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802898 
 Rights Certain 787 Aircraft Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

1.c The parties agree to execute a revision of Letter Agreement 6-1162-RCN-1935 Amendment 1R5 by no later than December 5, 2018 for actions taken or not taken by Customer as a result of this Letter Agreement. 
 2. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890. 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802898 
 Rights Certain 787 Aircraft Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date May 31, 2018 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Senior Vice President Finance and acting Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802898 
 Rights Certain 787 Aircraft Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment 1 to Letter Agreement 04815-LA-1802898 Entitled Rights for Certain 787 Aircraft 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and (787- Airframe Model MTOW 787- pounds 1 Detail Specification 4Q15 External Fcst Engine Model Thrust pounds Airframe Price Base Year Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Formula Features 3 Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Airframe Data Engine Price (Per Aircraft) 2 Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Engine Data In-Flight Entertainment (IFE) Estimate Base Year Index (ECI) Deposit per Aircraft 4 Base Year Index (CPI) # of Aircraft Delivery Date Number of Aircraft Factor (Airframe) Factor (Engine) Forecast Estimate Base Price Per A P Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Prior to Delivery) Total 1 
 2 
 3 Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802881 entitled Open Configuration 
 Matters 
 4 Amount is as of the Effective Date 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802898 
 Rights Certain 787 Aircraft Page 4 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

</EX-10.92>

<EX-10.93>
 8
 ual_12312210kex1093.htm
 EX-10.93

Document 
 Exhibit 10.93 
 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. OMITTED INFORMATION HAS BEEN REPLACED WITH ASTERISKS. 

 SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT NO. 1 to 
 PURCHASE AGREEMENT NUMBER 04815 
 between 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 and 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 relating to 
 BOEING MODEL 787 AIRCRAFT 
 THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT No. 1 SA-1 is entered into as of September 25, 2018 by and between The Boeing Company, a Delaware corporation, Boeing and United Airlines, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Customer 
 Customer and Boeing entered into Purchase Agreement No. 04815 dated as of the 31st day of May of 2018 as amended and supplemented Purchase Agreement ), relating to the purchase and sale of Model 787 aircraft. This Supplemental Agreement is an amendment to the Purchase Agreement 
 WHEREAS, Customer and Boeing agree to incorporate each of the 787 Aircraft into the Purchase Agreement individually and collectively as additional 787- Aircraft (as both of those terms have been previously defined in the Purchase Agreement) 
 WHEREAS, Customer has requested and Boeing has agreed to provide certain applicable to of the additional 787- Aircraft 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties agree to amend the Purchase Agreement as follows 
 1. Table of Contents . 
 The Table of Contents is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the attached Table of Contents (identified by SA-1 ). 
 2. Tables. 
 Table 1 entitled 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the attached similarly titled Table 1 (identified by SA-1 to incorporate the additional 787- Aircraft. 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-1 Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

3. Letter Agreements. 
 3.a. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA- 04815-LA-1802886 entitled Special Matters is deleted in its entirety and replaced with Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R1 (identified by SA-1 to incorporate the additional 787- Aircraft. 
 3.b. With incorporation of the Additional 787- Aircraft into the Purchase Agreement, Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA- 04815-LA-1802898 entitled Rights Certain 787 Aircraft is deleted in its entirety. 
 3.c. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1807152 entitled Rights in 787- Aircraft (identified by SA-1 is added to the Purchase Agreement to provide Customer with certain . 
 4. Miscellaneous. 
 Boeing and Customer agree that is by Customer as the under this Supplemental Agreement No. 1. will be for by no later than . 
 The rest of the page is intentionally blank. Signature page follows. 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-1 Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

EXECUTED IN DUPLICATE as of the day and year first written above. 

THE BOEING COMPANY UNITED AIRLINES, INC. s Irma L. Krueger s Gerald Laderman Signature Signature Irma L. Krueger Gerald Laderman Printed Name Printed Name 
 Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Title Title 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-1 Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 ARTICLES SA NUMBER 
 Article 1. Quantity, Model and Description Article 2. Delivery Schedule Article 3. Price Article 4. Payment Article 5. Additional Terms TABLE 1. 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-1 EXHIBITS A 787- Aircraft Configuration 
 A2 787- Aircraft Configuration 
 B. Aircraft Delivery Requirements and Responsibilities 
 SUPPLEMENTAL EXHIBITS AE1. Airframe and Features for the 787 Aircraft 
 BFE1. BFE Variables 787- Aircraft 
 CS1. Customer Support Document 
 EE1. Engine , Engine Warranty and 
 SLP1. Service Life Policy Components 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED LETTER AGREEMENTS SA NUMBER 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 1 of 4 SA-1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

LA-1802881 Open Configuration Matters LA-1802882 Special Matters Relating to COTS Software and End User License Agreements 
 LA-1802883 Installation of Cabin Systems Equipment 
 LA-1802884 Model 787 Post-Delivery Software & Data Loading 
 LA-1802885 Aircraft Model 
 Attachment A, 787- Airframe Pricing of Aircraft with 
 Attachment B, 787- with 
 Attachment C, 787- with 
 LA-1802886 Special Matters SA-1 LA-1802887 LA-1802888 for 787- Aircraft 
 LA-1802889 Demonstration Flight Waiver LA-1802890 Privileged and Confidential Matters LA-1802891 787- 
 LA-1802892 787 Special Terms Seats LA-1802893 AGTA Matters LA-1802894 Assignment Matters LA-1802895 Matters 
 LA-1802896 Model 787 e- Enabling TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED LETTER AGREEMENTS SA NUMBER 
 LA-1802897 Aircraft 
 Attachment A-1, 787- with Engines Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 2 of 4 SA-1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A-2, 787- with Engines Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 LA-1802898 Rights for Certain 787 Aircraft 
 Deleted by 3 of SA-1 LA-1807152 Rights in 787- Aircraft 
 SA-1 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 3 of 4 SA-1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENTS DATED AS OF Supplemental Agreement No. 1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . September 25, 2018 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 4 of 4 SA-1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Table 1 to Purchase Agreement No. 04815 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and (787- Airframe Model MTOW 787- pounds 1 Detail Specification 4Q15 External Fcst Engine Model Thrust pounds Airframe Price Base Year Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Formula Features 3 Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Airframe Data Engine Price (Per Aircraft) 2 Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Engine Data Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) Estimate Base Year Index (ECI) Deposit per Aircraft 4 Base Year Index (CPI) # of Aircraft Delivery Date Number of Aircraft Factor (Airframe) Factor (Engine) Forecast Estimate Base Price Per A P Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Prior to Delivery) Total 1 
 2 
 3 Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802881 entitled Open Configuration Matters 
 4 Effective Date as defined in the originally executed Purchase Agreement 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 5 of 4 SA-1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124 2207 

 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R1 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Special Matters 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement will have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. This Letter Agreement replaces and supersedes Letter Agreement 1802886 dated May 31, 2018 in its entirety. 
 1. 
 1.a. 787- . 
 In consideration of Customer's purchase of 787- Aircraft, Boeing at the time of delivery of each 787- Aircraft and 787- Aircraft, a to Customer . The is subject to the as at the time of delivery. may to at the time of delivery for such Aircraft, or for the of Boeing and , but on Aircraft. 
 1.b. 787- . 
 In consideration of Customer's purchase of 787- Aircraft, Boeing at the time of delivery of each 787- Aircraft and 787- Aircraft, a to Customer . The is subject to the as at the time of delivery. may at the time of delivery for such Aircraft, or for the of Boeing and , but on Aircraft. 
 1.c. 787- . 
 In consideration of Customer's purchase of 787- Aircraft, Boeing at the time of delivery of each 787- Aircraft and 787- Aircraft, a to Customer . The is subject to the as at the time of delivery. may at the time of delivery for such Aircraft, or for the of Boeing and , but on Aircraft. 
 2. 
 3. 
 4. 
 5. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894 entitled Assignment Matters , the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R1 SA-1 Special Matters Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

6. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 entitled Privileged and Confidential Matters . 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R1 SA-1 Special Matters Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date September 25, 2018 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R1 SA-1 Special Matters Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A 
 Section 4.1 (ii) 787- Aircraft 
 
 Registration Manufacturer Serial Number 
 Attachment A to UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R1 SA-1 Special Matters Att. A, Page 1 of 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment B 
 Section 4.2 787- Aircraft 
 
 Registration Manufacturer Serial Number 
 
 Attachment B to UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R1 SA-1 Special Matters Att. B, Page 1 of 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1807152 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Rights in 787- Aircraft 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. PA-04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. References to the Purchase Agreement are to the Purchase Agreement as amended from time to time, including by way of this Letter Agreement and other letter agreements between Boeing and Customer. 
 1. Rights 
 Customer has the the delivery of of the 787- Aircraft (as that term is defined in Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R1 entitled Special Matters from delivery month, pursuant to the terms of this Letter Agreement Rights ). For the avoidance of doubt, the of Rights is . 
 2. Notice Requirement . 
 Customer will provide written notice Notice of its of any eligible 787- Aircraft no earlier and no later than the specified in Attachment 1 to this Letter Agreement. Each 787- Aircraft, once with as specified in Section 4 herein, is referred to herein as an Aircraft . 
 3. Definitive Agreement . 
 If Customer provides Boeing with an Notice in accordance with the terms of this Letter Agreement and specified in Attachment 1, then the parties will sign a definitive agreement to for each Aircraft Supplemental Agreement within of the Notice. The Supplemental Agreement will include the provisions of the Purchase Agreement as modified to reflect the provisions of this Letter Agreement. In the event the parties a Supplemental Agreement within following , either party of a 787- Aircraft by giving written notice to the other . If Customer and Boeing a Supplemental Agreement, then the delivery month of 787- Aircraft is . 
 4. BFE . 
 The BFE will be to support the scheduled delivery month of any applicable Aircraft. 
 UAL-PA-3776-LA-1606848R2 SA-1 
 Rights LA Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

5. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894 entitled Assignment Matters , the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or in part. 
 6. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 entitled Privileged and Confidential Matters . 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-In-Fact ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date September 25, 2018 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1801752 SA-1 
 Rights LA Page 2 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1801752 SA-1 
 Rights LA Page 3 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1801752 SA-1 
 Rights LA Page 2 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Attachment 1 

Attachment 1 to UAL-PA-04815-LA-1807152 SA- 1 
 Rights Attachment 1, Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

</EX-10.93>

<EX-10.94>
 9
 ual_12312210kex1094.htm
 EX-10.94

Document 
 Exhibit 10.94 
 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. OMITTED INFORMATION HAS BEEN REPLACED WITH ASTERISKS. 

 SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT NO. 2 to 
 PURCHASE AGREEMENT NUMBER 04815 
 between 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 and 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 relating to 
 BOEING MODEL 787 AIRCRAFT 
 THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT No. 2 SA-2 is entered into as of November 1, 2018 by and between The Boeing Company, a Delaware corporation, Boeing and United Airlines, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Customer 
 Customer and Boeing entered into Purchase Agreement No. 04815 dated as of the 31st day of May of 2018 as amended and supplemented Purchase Agreement ), relating to the purchase and sale of Model 787 aircraft. This Supplemental Agreement is an amendment to the Purchase Agreement 
 WHEREAS, Boeing and Customer agree to (i) the delivery of 787- Aircraft and (ii) the scheduled delivery of 787- Aircraft. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties agree to amend the Purchase Agreement as follows 
 1. Table of Contents . 
 The Table of Contents is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the attached Table of Contents (identified by SA-2 ). 
 2. Tables. 
 Table 1 entitled 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the attached similarly titled Table 1 (identified by SA-2 to reflect the of 787- Aircraft. 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-2 Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

3. Attachments to Letter Agreements. 
 Attachment A-1 to Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802897 entitled 787- Aircraft is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the attached similarly titled Attachment A-1 (identified by SA-2 to reflect the of 787- Aircraft. 
 4. Miscellaneous. 
 Boeing and Customer agree that by Customer as under this Supplemental Agreement No. 2. will be by no later than after execution of this Supplemental Agreement No. 2. 
 The rest of the page is intentionally blank. Signature page follows. 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-2 Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

EXECUTED IN DUPLICATE as of the day and year first written above. 

THE BOEING COMPANY UNITED AIRLINES, INC. s Irma L. Krueger s Gerald Laderman Signature Signature Irma L. Krueger Gerald Laderman Printed Name Printed Name 
 Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Title Title 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-2 Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 ARTICLES SA NUMBER 
 Article 1. Quantity, Model and Description Article 2. Delivery Schedule Article 3. Price Article 4. Payment Article 5. Additional Terms TABLE 1. 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-2 EXHIBITS A 787- Aircraft Configuration 
 A2 787- Aircraft Configuration 
 B. Aircraft Delivery Requirements and Responsibilities 
 SUPPLEMENTAL EXHIBITS AE1. Airframe and Features for the 787 Aircraft 
 BFE1. BFE Variables 787- Aircraft 
 CS1. Customer Support Document 
 EE1. Engine , Engine Warranty and 
 SLP1. Service Life Policy Components 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED LETTER AGREEMENTS SA NUMBER 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 1 of 4 SA-2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

LA-1802881 Open Configuration Matters LA-1802882 Special Matters Relating to COTS Software and End User License Agreements 
 LA-1802883 Installation of Cabin Systems Equipment 
 LA-1802884 Model 787 Post-Delivery Software & Data Loading 
 LA-1802885 Aircraft Model 
 Attachment A, 787- Airframe Pricing of Aircraft with 
 Attachment B, 787- with 
 Attachment C, 787- with 
 LA-1802886 Special Matters SA-1 LA-1802887 LA-1802888 for 787- Aircraft 
 LA-1802889 Demonstration Flight Waiver LA-1802890 Privileged and Confidential Matters LA-1802891 787- 
 LA-1802892 787 Special Terms Seats LA-1802893 AGTA Matters LA-1802894 Assignment Matters LA-1802895 Matters 
 LA-1802896 Model 787 e- Enabling TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED LETTER AGREEMENTS SA NUMBER 
 LA-1802897 Aircraft 
 Attachment A-1, 787- with Engines Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-2 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 2 of 4 SA-2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A-2, 787- with Engines Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 LA-1802898 Rights for Certain 787 Aircraft 
 Deleted by 3 of SA-1 LA-1807152 Rights in 787- Aircraft 
 SA-1 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 3 of 4 SA-2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENTS DATED AS OF Supplemental Agreement No. 1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . September 25, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 2 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . November 1, 2018 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 4 of 4 SA-2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Table 1 to Purchase Agreement No. 04815 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and (787- Airframe Model MTOW 787- pounds 1 Detail Specification 4Q15 External Fcst Engine Model Thrust pounds Airframe Price Base Year Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Formula Features 3 Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Airframe Data Engine Price (Per Aircraft) 2 Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Engine Data Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) Estimate Base Year Index (ECI) Deposit per Aircraft 4 Base Year Index (CPI) # of Aircraft Delivery Date Number of Aircraft Factor (Airframe) Factor (Engine) Forecast Manufacturer Serial Number ++ 
 Estimate Base Price Per A P Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Prior to Delivery) Total 1 
 2 
 3 Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802881 entitled Open Configuration Matters 
 4 Amount is as of the Effective Date as defined in the originally executed Purchase Agreement 
 ++ Manufacturer Serial Numbers are 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 5 of 4 SA-2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Table 1 to Purchase Agreement No. 04815 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and (787- to be delivered to Customer under any purchase agreement Airframe Model MTOW 787- pounds # pounds # Detail Specification 4Q15 External Fcst Engine Model Thrust pounds pounds Airframe Price Base Year Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Formula Features 2 2 Airframe Data Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Base Year Index (ECI) Engine Price (Per Aircraft) 1 1 Base Year Index (CPI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Engine Data Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Base Year Index (ECI) In-Flight Entertainment (IFE) Estimate Base Year Index (CPI) Non-Refundable Deposit Aircraft at Def Agreement + # of Aircraft Delivery Date Number of Aircraft Factor Factor Estimate Base Price Per A P Per Aircraft (Amts. Due . Prior to Delivery) (Airframe) (Engine) Total 1 
 2 
 + # 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 6 of 4 SA-2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

</EX-10.94>

<EX-10.95>
 10
 ual_12312210kex1095.htm
 EX-10.95

Document 
 Exhibit 10.95 
 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. OMITTED INFORMATION HAS BEEN REPLACED WITH ASTERISKS. 

 SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT NO. 3 to 
 PURCHASE AGREEMENT NUMBER 04815 
 between 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 and 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 relating to 
 BOEING MODEL 787 AIRCRAFT 
 THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT No. 3 SA-3 is entered into as of December 12, 2018 by and between The Boeing Company, a Delaware corporation, Boeing and United Airlines, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Customer 
 Customer and Boeing entered into Purchase Agreement No. 04815 dated as of the 31st day of May of 2018 as amended and supplemented Purchase Agreement ), relating to the purchase and sale of Model 787 aircraft. This Supplemental Agreement is an amendment to the Purchase Agreement 
 WHEREAS, Boeing and Customer agree to (i) the delivery of 787- Aircraft and (ii) the and the scheduled delivery of 787- Aircraft. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties agree to amend the Purchase Agreement as follows 
 1. Table of Contents . 
 The Table of Contents is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the attached Table of Contents (identified by SA-3 ). 
 2. Tables. 
 Table 1 entitled 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the attached similarly titled Table 1 (identified by SA-3 to reflect the of 787- Aircraft. 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-3 Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

3. Attachments to Letter Agreements. 
 Attachment A-2 to Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802897 entitled 787- Aircraft is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the attached similarly titled Attachment A-1 (identified by SA-3 to the and the scheduled delivery of 787- Aircraft. 
 4. Miscellaneous. 
 4.a. Boeing and Customer agree that is by Customer as the under this SA-3 and in accordance with Letter Agreement UAL-LA-1808318R1. 
 4.b. References. The parties agree that Sections (iii) and (iv) in Letter Agreement LA-1802886R1 entitled Special Matters are deemed to be revised as follows 
 (iii) Any 787- aircraft from the of Customer s in any of the 787- Aircraft scheduled for delivery in , pursuant to Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802897 entitled Aircraft (collectively and each an Aircraft and pursuant to the Letter 
 (iv) Any 787- aircraft from the of Customer s in any of the 787- Aircraft scheduled for delivery in , pursuant to Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802897 entitled Aircraft (collectively and each an Aircraft ( and 
 The rest of the page is intentionally blank. Signature page follows. 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-3 Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

EXECUTED IN DUPLICATE as of the day and year first written above. 

THE BOEING COMPANY UNITED AIRLINES, INC. s Irma L. Krueger s Gerald Laderman Signature Signature Irma L. Krueger Gerald Laderman Printed Name Printed Name 
 Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Title Title 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-3 Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 ARTICLES SA NUMBER 
 Article 1. Quantity, Model and Description Article 2. Delivery Schedule Article 3. Price Article 4. Payment Article 5. Additional Terms TABLE 1. 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-3 EXHIBITS A 787- Aircraft Configuration 
 A2 787- Aircraft Configuration 
 B. Aircraft Delivery Requirements and Responsibilities 
 SUPPLEMENTAL EXHIBITS AE1. Airframe and Features for the 787 Aircraft 
 BFE1. BFE Variables 787- Aircraft 
 CS1. Customer Support Document 
 EE1. Engine , Engine Warranty and 
 SLP1. Service Life Policy Components 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED LETTER AGREEMENTS SA NUMBER 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 1 of 4 SA-3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

LA-1802881 Open Configuration Matters LA-1802882 Special Matters Relating to COTS Software and End User License Agreements 
 LA-1802883 Installation of Cabin Systems Equipment 
 LA-1802884 Model 787 Post-Delivery Software & Data Loading 
 LA-1802885 Aircraft Model 
 Attachment A, 787- Airframe Pricing of Aircraft with 
 Attachment B, 787- with 
 Attachment C, 787- with 
 LA-1802886 Special Matters SA-1 LA-1802887 LA-1802888 for 787- Aircraft 
 LA-1802889 Demonstration Flight Waiver LA-1802890 Privileged and Confidential Matters LA-1802891 787- 
 LA-1802892 787 Special Terms Seats LA-1802893 AGTA Matters LA-1802894 Assignment Matters LA-1802895 Matters 
 LA-1802896 Model 787 e- Enabling TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED LETTER AGREEMENTS SA NUMBER 
 LA-1802897 Aircraft 
 Attachment A-1, 787- with Engines Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-2 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 2 of 4 SA-3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A-2, 787- with Engines Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-3 LA-1802898 Rights for Certain 787 Aircraft 
 Deleted by 3 of SA-1 LA-1807152 Rights in 787- Aircraft 
 SA-1 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 3 of 4 SA-3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENTS DATED AS OF Supplemental Agreement No. 1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . September 25, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 2 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . November 1, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 3 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . December 12, 2018 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 4 of 4 SA-3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Table 1 to Purchase Agreement No. 04815 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and (787- Airframe Model MTOW 787- pounds 1 Detail Specification 4Q15 External Fcst Engine Model Thrust pounds Airframe Price Base Year Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Formula Features 3 Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Airframe Data Engine Price (Per Aircraft) 2 Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Engine Data Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) Estimate Base Year Index (ECI) Deposit per Aircraft 4 Base Year Index (CPI) # of Aircraft Delivery Date Number of Aircraft Factor (Airframe) Factor (Engine) Forecast Manufacturer Serial Number ++ 
 Estimate Base Price Per A P Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Prior to Delivery) Total 1 
 2 
 3 Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802881 entitled Open Configuration Matters 
 4 Amount is as of the Effective Date as defined in the originally executed Purchase Agreement 
 ++ Manufacturer Serial Numbers are 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 5 of 4 SA-3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A-2 to Letter Agreement 04815-LA-1802897 Entitled Aircraft 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and (787- Airframe Model MTOW 787- pounds 1 Detail Specification 4Q15 External Fcst Engine Model Thrust pounds Airframe Price Base Year Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Formula Features 3 Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Airframe Data Engine Price (Per Aircraft) 2 Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Engine Data In-Flight Entertainment (IFE) Estimate Base Year Index (ECI) Deposit per Aircraft Base Year Index (CPI) # of Aircraft Delivery Date Number of Aircraft Factor (Airframe) Factor (Engine) Forecast Estimate Base Price Per A P Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Prior to Delivery) Total 1 
 2 
 3 Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802881 entitled Open Configuration Matters 
 + 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 6 of 4 SA-3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

</EX-10.95>

<EX-10.96>
 11
 ual_12312210kex1096.htm
 EX-10.96

Document 
 Exhibit 10.96 
 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. OMITTED INFORMATION HAS BEEN REPLACED WITH ASTERISKS. 

 SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT NO. 4 to 
 PURCHASE AGREEMENT NUMBER 04815 
 between 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 and 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 relating to 
 BOEING MODEL 787 AIRCRAFT 
 THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT No. 4 SA-4 is entered into as of April _ 26 _, 2019 by and between The Boeing Company, a Delaware corporation, Boeing and United Airlines, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Customer 
 Customer and Boeing entered into Purchase Agreement No. 04815 dated as of the 31st day of May of 2018 as amended and supplemented Purchase Agreement ), relating to the purchase and sale of Model 787 aircraft. This Supplemental Agreement is an amendment to the Purchase Agreement 
 WHEREAS, Boeing and Customer agree to the delivery of 787- Aircraft. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties agree to amend the Purchase Agreement as follows 
 1. Table of Contents . 
 The Table of Contents is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the attached Table of Contents (identified by SA-4 ). 
 2. Tables. 
 Table 1 entitled 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the attached similarly titled Table 1 (identified by SA-4 to reflect the of 787- Aircraft. 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-4 Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

3. Miscellaneous. 
 Boeing and Customer agree that by Customer as under this SA-4 and in accordance with Letter Agreement UAL-LA-1808318R2. 
 The rest of the page is intentionally blank. Signature page follows. 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-4 Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

EXECUTED IN DUPLICATE as of the day and year first written above. 

THE BOEING COMPANY UNITED AIRLINES, INC. s Irma L. Krueger s Gerald Laderman Signature Signature Irma L. Krueger Gerald Laderman Printed Name Printed Name 
 Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Title Title 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-4 Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 ARTICLES SA NUMBER 
 Article 1. Quantity, Model and Description Article 2. Delivery Schedule Article 3. Price Article 4. Payment Article 5. Additional Terms TABLE 1. 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-4 EXHIBITS A 787- Aircraft Configuration 
 A2 787- Aircraft Configuration 
 B. Aircraft Delivery Requirements and Responsibilities 
 SUPPLEMENTAL EXHIBITS AE1. Airframe and Features for the 787 Aircraft 
 BFE1. BFE Variables 787- Aircraft 
 CS1. Customer Support Document 
 EE1. Engine , Engine Warranty and 
 SLP1. Service Life Policy Components 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED LETTER AGREEMENTS SA NUMBER 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 1 of 4 SA-4 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

LA-1802881 Open Configuration Matters LA-1802882 Special Matters Relating to COTS Software and End User License Agreements 
 LA-1802883 Installation of Cabin Systems Equipment 
 LA-1802884 Model 787 Post-Delivery Software & Data Loading 
 LA-1802885 Aircraft Model 
 Attachment A, 787- Airframe Pricing of Aircraft with 
 Attachment B, 787- with 
 Attachment C, 787- with 
 LA-1802886 Special Matters SA-1 LA-1802887 LA-1802888 for 787- Aircraft 
 LA-1802889 Demonstration Flight Waiver LA-1802890 Privileged and Confidential Matters LA-1802891 787- 
 LA-1802892 787 Special Terms Seats LA-1802893 AGTA Matters LA-1802894 Assignment Matters LA-1802895 Matters 
 LA-1802896 Model 787 e- Enabling TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED LETTER AGREEMENTS SA NUMBER 
 LA-1802897 Aircraft 
 Attachment A-1, 787- with Engines Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-2 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 2 of 4 SA-4 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A-2, 787- with Engines Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-3 

UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 3 of 4 SA-4 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENTS DATED AS OF Supplemental Agreement No. 1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . September 25, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 2 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . November 1, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 3 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . December 12, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 4 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . April 26 , 2019 

UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 4 of 4 SA-4 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Table 1 to Purchase Agreement No. 04815 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and (787- Airframe Model MTOW 787- pounds 1 Detail Specification 4Q15 External Fcst Engine Model Thrust pounds Airframe Price Base Year Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Formula Features 3 Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Airframe Data Engine Price (Per Aircraft) 2 Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Engine Data Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) Estimate Base Year Index (ECI) Deposit per Aircraft 4 Base Year Index (CPI) # of Aircraft Delivery Date Number of Aircraft Factor (Airframe) Factor (Engine) Forecast Manufacturer Serial Number ++ 
 Estimate Base Price Per A P Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Prior to Delivery) Total 1 
 2 
 3 Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802881 entitled Open Configuration Matters 
 4 Amount is as of the Effective Date as defined in the originally executed Purchase Agreement 
 ++ Manufacturer Serial Numbers are 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 5 of 4 SA-4 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

</EX-10.96>

<EX-10.97>
 12
 ual_12312210kex1097.htm
 EX-10.97

Document 
 Exhibit 10.97 
 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. OMITTED INFORMATION HAS BEEN REPLACED WITH ASTERISKS. 

 SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT NO. 5 to 
 PURCHASE AGREEMENT NUMBER 04815 
 between 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 and 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 relating to 
 BOEING MODEL 787 AIRCRAFT 
 THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT No. 5 SA-5 is entered into as of October _ 31 _, 2019 by and between The Boeing Company, a Delaware corporation, Boeing and United Airlines, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Customer 
 Customer and Boeing entered into Purchase Agreement No. 04815 dated as of the 31st day of May of 2018 as amended and supplemented Purchase Agreement ), relating to the purchase and sale of Model 787 aircraft. This Supplemental Agreement is an amendment to the Purchase Agreement 
 WHEREAS, Boeing and Customer agree to incorporate certain terms regarding certain aircraft into the Purchase Agreement. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties agree to amend the Purchase Agreement as follows 
 1. Table of Contents . 
 The Table of Contents is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the attached Table of Contents (identified by SA-5 ). 
 2. Letter Agreements . 
 Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1907123 entitled Other Special Matters is added to the Purchase Agreement (identified by SA-5 to incorporate certain terms regarding certain aircraft . 
 The rest of the page is intentionally blank. Signature page follows. 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-5 Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

EXECUTED IN DUPLICATE as of the day and year first written above. 

THE BOEING COMPANY UNITED AIRLINES, INC. s Irma L. Krueger s Gerald Laderman Signature Signature Irma L. Krueger Gerald Laderman Printed Name Printed Name 
 Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Title Title 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-5 Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 ARTICLES SA NUMBER 
 Article 1. Quantity, Model and Description Article 2. Delivery Schedule Article 3. Price Article 4. Payment Article 5. Additional Terms TABLE 1. 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-4 EXHIBITS A 787- Aircraft Configuration 
 A2 787- Aircraft Configuration 
 B. Aircraft Delivery Requirements and Responsibilities 
 SUPPLEMENTAL EXHIBITS AE1. Airframe and Features for the 787 Aircraft 
 BFE1. BFE Variables 787- Aircraft 
 CS1. Customer Support Document 
 EE1. Engine , Engine Warranty and 
 SLP1. Service Life Policy Components 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED LETTER AGREEMENTS SA NUMBER 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 1 of 4 SA-5 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

LA-1802881 Open Configuration Matters LA-1802882 Special Matters Relating to COTS Software and End User License Agreements 
 LA-1802883 Installation of Cabin Systems Equipment 
 LA-1802884 Model 787 Post-Delivery Software & Data Loading 
 LA-1802885 Aircraft Model 
 Attachment A, 787- Airframe Pricing of Aircraft with 
 Attachment B, 787- with 
 Attachment C, 787- with 
 LA-1802886 Special Matters SA-1 LA-1802887 LA-1802888 for 787- Aircraft 
 LA-1802889 Demonstration Flight Waiver LA-1802890 Privileged and Confidential Matters LA-1802891 787- 
 LA-1802892 787 Special Terms Seats LA-1802893 AGTA Matters LA-1802894 Assignment Matters LA-1802895 Matters 
 LA-1802896 Model 787 e- Enabling TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED LETTER AGREEMENTS SA NUMBER 
 LA-1802897 Aircraft 
 Attachment A-1, 787- with Engines Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-2 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 2 of 4 SA-5 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A-2, 787- with Engines Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-3 LA-1907123 Other Special Matters 
 SA-5 

UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 3 of 4 SA-5 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENTS DATED AS OF Supplemental Agreement No. 1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . September 25, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 2 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . November 1, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 3 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . December 12, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 4 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . April 26, 2019 Supplemental Agreement No. 5. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . October _31 _, 2019 

UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 4 of 4 SA-5 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1907123 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, IL 60606 
 Subject Other Special Matters 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used and not defined in this Letter Agreement have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. References to the Purchase Agreement are to the Purchase Agreement as amended from time to time, including by way of this Letter Agreement and other letter agreements between Boeing and Customer. 
 1. Reserved . 
 2. Reserved . 
 3. 
 4. Reserved . 
 5. Reserved . 
 6. Reserved . 
 7. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894 entitled Assignment Matters , the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1907123 Page 5 
 Other Special Matters SA-5 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

8. Confidential Treatment. 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 entitled Privileged and Confidential Matters . 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-In-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1907123 Page 6 
 Other Special Matters SA-5 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date October 31 , 2019 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1907123 Page 7 
 Other Special Matters SA-5 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

</EX-10.97>

<EX-10.98>
 13
 ual_12312210kex1098.htm
 EX-10.98

Document 
 Exhibit 10.98 
 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. OMITTED INFORMATION HAS BEEN REPLACED WITH ASTERISKS. 

 SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT NO. 6 to 
 PURCHASE AGREEMENT NUMBER 04815 
 between 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 and 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 relating to 
 BOEING MODEL 787 AIRCRAFT 
 THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT No. 6 SA-6 is entered into as of February 7, 2020 by and between The Boeing Company, a Delaware corporation, Boeing and United Airlines, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Customer 
 Customer and Boeing entered into Purchase Agreement No. 04815 dated as of the 31st day of May of 2018 as amended and supplemented Purchase Agreement ), relating to the purchase and sale of Model 787 aircraft. This Supplemental Agreement is an amendment to the Purchase Agreement 
 WHEREAS, Boeing and Customer agree on the terms on which the Purchase Agreement will be revised to reflect 
 (1) Customer s of 787- Aircraft with scheduled delivery in resulting in 787- Aircraft 
 (2) Buyer furnished equipment variable requirements for 787- Aircraft 
 (3) applicable to the 787- Aircraft 
 (4) Customer s of 787- Aircraft with scheduled delivery in resulting in 787- Aircraft 
 (5) The 787- Aircraft after Customer s in 787- Aircraft 
 (6) The revision of the of 787- Aircraft scheduled for delivery 
 (7) The additional terms and applicable to the 787- Aircraft 
 (8) The terms and conditions applicable to 787- Aircraft 
 (9) The applicable to the 787- Aircraft 
 (10) The terms and conditions applicable to the 787- aircraft 
 (11) The awarded as a result of Customer s purchase of the 787- Aircraft AND 
 (12) The terms regarding certain for the 787- aircraft . 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-6 Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

WHEREAS, Customer has previously executed documents reflecting Customer acceptance of Configuration for the 787- and the parties now desire to conform and further amend the Purchase Agreement to reflect the following 
 (1) Incorporation of all Customer Configuration into Table 1 
 (ii) Replacement of the existing Exhibit A with a revised Exhibit A reflecting the Customer Configuration and 
 (iii) Termination of the Open Matters Letter as it relates to the Customer Configured Aircraft 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties agree to amend the Purchase Agreement as follows 
 1. Table of Contents . 
 The Table of Contents is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the attached Table of Contents (identified by SA-6 ). 
 2. Tables . 
 2.a. The Table 1 entitled 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the attached similarly titled Table 1 (identified by SA-6 to incorporate the Customer Configuration for each 787- Aircraft. 
 2.b. The Table 1 entitled 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and is added to the Purchase Agreement to add the 787- Aircraft. 
 3. Exhibit and Supplemental Exhibit . 
 3.a. The Exhibit A entitled 787- Aircraft Configuration is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the attached similarly titled Exhibit A (identified by SA-6 to incorporate the Customer Configuration for each 787- Aircraft. 
 3.b. Supplemental Exhibit BFE1 entitled BFE Variables 787- Aircraft is added to the Purchase Agreement to add buyer furnished equipment variable requirements for the 787- Aircraft. 
 4. Letter Agreements . 
 4.a. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802881 entitled Open Configuration Matters is deleted from the Purchase Agreement (identified by SA-6 to reflect termination of the obligations therein. 
 4.b. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R1 entitled Special Matters is deleted in its entirety and replaced with similarly titled Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R2 (identified by SA-6 to incorporate certain terms regarding the 787- Aircraft and other 787- aircraft. 
 4.c. Attachment A-1, 787- with Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and to Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802897 entitled Aircraft is deleted in its 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-6 Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

entirety and replaced with similarly titled Attachment A-1 787- with (identified by SA-6 to reflect the 787- Aircraft as a result of Customer s therein. 
 4.d. Attachment A-2, 787- with Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and to Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802897 entitled Aircraft is deleted in its entirety and replaced with similarly titled Attachment A-2 787- with (identified by SA-6 to revise the expiration date applicable to the 787- Aircraft scheduled for delivery . 
 4.e. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000321 entitled Rights for Certain 787 Aircraft is added to the Purchase Agreement (identified by SA-6 to incorporate certain additional terms regarding 787- aircraft. 
 4.f. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000325 entitled for 787- Aircraft is added to the Purchase Agreement. 
 4.g. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000327 entitled for 787- Aircraft is added to the Purchase Agreement. 
 4.h. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000328 entitled 787- is added to the Purchase Agreement. 
 4.i. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000341 entitled CS1 Special Matters is added to the Purchase Agreement to update the as a result of Customer s Purchase of the 787- Aircraft. 
 4.j. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000366 entitled for 787- Aircraft is added to the Purchase Agreement for the 787- aircraft . 
 5. Miscellaneous. 
 5.a. If Boeing or Customer determines that the Purchase Agreement should be further amended as a result of 787- Aircraft, then Boeing and Customer will work together for a mutually agreeable solution including further amendment of the Purchase Agreement. 
 5.b. Boeing and Customer agree that by Customer as the under this SA-6 and no later than after executing this SA-6. 
 The rest of the page is intentionally blank. Signature page follows. 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-6 Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

EXECUTED IN DUPLICATE as of the day and year first written above. 

THE BOEING COMPANY UNITED AIRLINES, INC. s Irma L. Krueger s Gerald Laderman Signature Signature Irma. L. Krueger 
 Gerald Laderman Printed Name Printed Name 
 Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Title Title 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-6 Page 4 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 ARTICLES SA NUMBER 
 Article 1. Quantity, Model and Description Article 2. Delivery Schedule Article 3. Price Article 4. Payment Article 5. Additional Terms TABLE 1. 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-6 1. 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-6 EXHIBITS A 787- Aircraft Configuration 
 SA-6 A2 787- Aircraft Configuration 
 B. Aircraft Delivery Requirements and Responsibilities 
 SUPPLEMENTAL EXHIBITS AE1. Airframe and Features for the 787 Aircraft 
 BFE1. BFE Variables 787- Aircraft 
 BFE1. BFE Variables 787- Aircraft 
 SA-6 CS1. Customer Support Document 
 EE1. Engine , Engine Warranty 
 SLP1. Service Life Policy Components 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 1 of 4 SA-6 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED LETTER AGREEMENTS SA NUMBER 
 LA-1802882 Special Matters Relating to COTS Software and End User License Agreements 
 LA-1802883 Installation of Cabin Systems Equipment 
 LA-1802884 Model 787 Post-Delivery Software & Data Loading 
 LA-1802885 Aircraft Model 
 Attachment A, 787- Airframe Pricing of Aircraft with 
 Attachment B, 787- with 
 Attachment C, 787- with 
 LA-1802886R2 Special Matters SA-6 LA-1802887 LA-1802888 for 787- Aircraft 
 LA-1802889 Demonstration Flight Waiver LA-1802890 Privileged and Confidential Matters LA-1802891 787- 
 LA-1802892 787 Special Terms Seats LA-1802893 AGTA Matters LA-1802894 Assignment Matters LA-1802895 Matters 
 LA-1802896 Model 787 e- Enabling TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED LETTER AGREEMENTS SA NUMBER 
 LA-1802897 Aircraft 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 2 of 4 SA-6 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A-1, 787- with Engines Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-6 Attachment A-2, 787- with Engines Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-6 LA-1907123 Other Special Matters 
 SA-5 LA-2000321 Rights for Certain 787 Aircraft 
 SA-6 LA-2000325 for 787- Aircraft 
 SA-6 LA-2000327 for 787- Aircraft 
 SA-6 LA-2000328 787- 
 SA-6 LA-2000341 CS1 Special Matters 
 SA-6 LA-2000366 for 787- Aircraft 
 SA-6 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 3 of 4 SA-6 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENTS DATED AS OF Supplemental Agreement No. 1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . September 25, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 2 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . November 1, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 3 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . December 12, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 4 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . April 26, 2019 Supplemental Agreement No. 5. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . October 31, 2019 Supplemental Agreement No. 6. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . February 7, 2020 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 4 of 4 SA-6 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Table 1 to Purchase Agreement No. 04815 
 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 (787- 

 Airframe Model MTOW 787- pounds 1 Detail Specification 4Q15 External Fcst Engine Model Thrust pounds 2 Airframe Price Base Year Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Formula Features Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Airframe Data Engine Price (Per Aircraft) 2 Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Engine Data Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) Estimate Base Year Index (ECI) Deposit per Aircraft 3 Base Year Index (CPI) # of Aircraft Delivery Date Number of Aircraft Factor (Airframe) Factor (Engine) Forecast Manufacturer Serial Number++ Estimate Base Price Per A P Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Prior to Delivery) Total 1 2 3 Amount is as of the Effective Date as defined in the originally executed Purchase Agreement ++ Manufacturer Serial Numbers are 
 UAL-PA-04815 APR 115269 Boeing Proprietary 787- Table 1 SA-6 , Page 1 

Table 1 to Purchase Agreement No. 04815 
 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 (787- 

 Airframe Model MTOW 787- pounds # Detail Specification Engine Model Thrust pounds Airframe Price Base Year Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Formula Features Airframe Data Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Base Year Index (ECI) Engine Price (Per Aircraft) 1 Base Year Index (CPI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Engine Data Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Base Year Index (ECI) Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) Estimate Base Year Index (CPI) # of Aircraft Delivery Date Number of Aircraft Factor Factor forecast being used Serial Number + Estimate Base Price Per A P Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Prior to Delivery) (Airframe) (Engine) Total 1 # Aircraft are eligible for the provisions of Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000325 entitled for 787- Aircraft , as amended + Serial numbers, if provided, are for informational purposes only 
 APR-114675 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES PROPRIETARY 787- Table 1 (SA-6) , Page 1 

787- AIRCRAFT CONFIGURATION 
 
 between 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 
 and 
 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 

Exhibit A to Purchase Agreement Number 04815 for 

787- Aircraft with 

P.A. No. 04815 A SA-6 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Exhibit A to Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Page 2 

AIRCRAFT CONFIGURATION 

relating to 

BOEING MODEL 787- AIRCRAFT 

The Detail Specification is Boeing document entitled Detail specification D019E001UAL89P-1-TBD (the designator is TBD due to the Detail Specification being aligned by manufacturer serial number MSN ), e.g., for the 787- aircraft , the Detail Specification is number D019E001UAL89P-1-66134, Rev (New)). The Detail Specification provides further description of Customer s configuration set forth in this Exhibit A and is as amended to incorporate the features listed below, including the effects on and . The reflects and includes all effects of such except such does not include the of any Buyer Furnished Equipment or Seller Purchased Equipment. As soon as practicable, Boeing will furnish to Customer copies of the Detail Specification, which copies will reflect . 

P.A. No. 04815 A SA-6 
 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Exhibit A to Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Page 3 

 Number 
 Title Price Per Aircraft 

P.A. No. 04815 A SA-6 
 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

BUYER FURNISHED EQUIPMENT VARIABLES 
 
 between 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 
 and 
 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 
 Supplemental Exhibit BFE1 for 787- Aircraft 
 to Purchase Agreement Number 04815 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-BFE1 SA-6 Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

BUYER FURNISHED EQUIPMENT VARIABLES 
 
 relating to 
 
 BOEING MODEL 787- AIRCRAFT 
 
 This Supplemental Exhibit BFE1 contains supplier selection dates, on-dock dates and other requirements applicable to the Aircraft. 
 1. Supplier Selection . 
 Select and notify Boeing of the suppliers and model part of the following BFE items by of the following , unless otherwise indicated 
 
 2. On-dock Dates and Other Information. 
 Unless otherwise indicated, the below Completion Date represents the of the by when the specific milestone must be completed to support the . 
 BFE Milestones 
 Milestone Completion Date 
 On or before , Boeing will provide to Customer BFE requirements, electronically in My Boeing Fleet MBF through My Boeing Configuration MBC or by other means, setting forth the items, quantities, technical reviews, on-dock dates, shipping instructions and other requirements relating to the in-sequence installation of BFE. These requirements may be periodically revised by Boeing. Customer and Boeing rights and obligations related to the BFE requirements established in this Supplemental Exhibit BFE1 are set forth in Exhibit A to the AGTA. For planning purposes, the first Aircraft preliminary BFE seat requirements and preliminary on-dock dates for all BFE items are set forth below. 
 Preliminary On-Dock 
 Note All requirements are set forth below. 
 Unless otherwise noted, the due date is the of . 

UAL-PA-04815-BFE1 SA-6 Page 2 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

3. Additional Delivery Requirements - Import . 
 Customer will be the importer of record (as defined by the U.S. Customs and Border Protection) for all BFE imported into the United States, and as such, it has the responsibility to ensure all of Customer s BFE shipments comply with U.S. Customs Service regulations. In the event Customer requests Boeing, in writing, to act as importer of record for Customer s BFE, and Boeing agrees to such request, Customer is responsible for ensuring Boeing can comply with all U.S. Customs Import Regulations by making certain that, at the time of shipment, all BFE shipments comply with the requirements in the International Shipment Routing Instructions , including the Customs Trade Partnership Against Terrorism C-TPAT ), as set out on the Boeing website referenced below. Customer agrees to include the International Shipment Routing Instructions, including C-TPAT requirements, in each contract between Customer and BFE supplier. 
 
 http www.boeing.com companyoffices doingbiz supplier_portal index_general.html 
 UAL-PA-04815-BFE1 SA-6 Page 3 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124 2207 

 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R2 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Special Matters 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement will have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. This Letter Agreement replaces and supersedes Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R1 in its entirety. 
 1. 
 1.a. 787- . 
 In consideration of Customer's purchase of 787- Aircraft, Boeing at the time of delivery of each 787- Aircraft and 787- Aircraft, a to Customer . The is subject to the as at the time of delivery. may to at the time of delivery for such Aircraft, or for the of Boeing and , but Aircraft. 
 1.b. 787- . 
 In consideration of Customer's purchase of 787- Aircraft, Boeing at the time of delivery of each 787- Aircraft and 787- Aircraft, a to Customer . The is subject to the as at the time of delivery. may to at the time of delivery for such Aircraft, or for the of Boeing and , but Aircraft. 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R2 SA-6 Special Matters Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

1.c. 787- . 
 In consideration of Customer's purchase of 787- Aircraft, Boeing at the time of delivery of each 787- Aircraft and 787- Aircraft, a to Customer . The is subject to the as at the time of delivery. may to at the time of delivery for such Aircraft, or for the of Boeing and , but Aircraft. 
 1.d. ETOPS . 
 Boeing will issue to Customer a applicable to a Aircraft at delivery of each Aircraft under the Purchase Agreement ETOPS ). 
 2. 
 3. 
 4. 
 5. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894 entitled Assignment Matters , the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 6. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 entitled Privileged and Confidential Matters . 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R2 SA-6 Special Matters Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date February 7 , 2020 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R2 SA-6 Special Matters Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A 
 Section 4.1 (ii) 787- Aircraft 

Attachment A to UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R2 SA-6 Special Matters Att. A, Page 1 of 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment B 
 Section 4.2 787- Aircraft 

Attachment B to UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R2 SA-6 Special Matters Att. B, Page 1 of 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A-1 to Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802897 
 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 (787- 

 787- to be delivered to Customer under any purchase agreement 787- Airframe Model MTOW 787- pounds # pounds # Detail Specification Engine Model Thrust pounds pounds Airframe Price Base Year Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Formula Features 2 2 Airframe Data Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Base Year Index (ECI) Engine Price (Per Aircraft) 1 1 Base Year Index (CPI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Engine Data Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Base Year Index (ECI) Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) Estimate Base Year Index (CPI) Non-Refundable Deposit Aircraft at Def Agreement + # of Aircraft Delivery Date3 Number of Aircraft Factor Factor Estimate Base Price Per A P Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Prior to Delivery) (Airframe) (Engine) Total 1 2 3 + # 
 APR 109176-1F.TXT Boeing United Airlines, Inc. Proprietary Attachment A-1 to UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802897 
 787- Aircraft, SA-6 Page 1 

Attachment A-2 to Letter Agreement 04815-LA-1802897 Entitled Aircraft 
 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 (787- 

 Airframe Model MTOW 787- pounds 1 Detail Specification Engine Model Thrust pounds 2 Airframe Price Base Year Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Formula Features Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Airframe Data Engine Price (Per Aircraft) 2 Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate 4 Engine Data Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) Estimate 4 Base Year Index (ECI) Deposit per Aircraft Base Year Index (CPI) # of Aircraft Delivery Date3 Number of Aircraft Factor (Airframe) Factor (Engine) Forecast Estimate Base Price Per A P Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Prior to Delivery) Total 1 2 3 4 
 UAL-PA-04815 109176, 113335 4Q18 Boeing Proprietary 787- Attachment A-2 SA-6 , Page 1 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000321 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Rights for Certain 787 Aircraft 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used and not defined in this Letter Agreement have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 1. In response to Customer s , Boeing is to Boeing Model 787- aircraft 787- Aircraft) specified in Attachment 1 to this Letter Agreement as follows 
 1.a If Customer desires of the 787- Aircraft, then Customer must provide written notice to Boeing by a date that is Approval Deadline of its of the 787- Aircraft (Such notice referred to herein as a Notice and the 787 Aircraft are defined as the 787 Aircraft ). 
 1.1.iIf Customer provides a Notice pursuant to Section 1.1 above prior to the Approval Deadline in respect of the 787 Aircraft, then with respect to the 787 Aircraft 
 1.1.1.1 The rights and obligations of both parties will in respect of 787 Aircraft. 
 1.1.1.2 Boeing will the of 787 Aircraft. 
 1.1.1.3 Boeing will the 787- and Customer obligations for (i) obligations (ii) at aircraft delivery or (iii) Customer s of Boeing and . 
 1.b Unless Customer provides Boeing with a Notice by the Approval Deadline 
 i.The for each 787- Aircraft will be due according to the schedule included in Attachment 1 to this Letter Agreement and 
 ii.Each 787- Aircraft shall be deemed a 787- Aircraft for all purposes of the Purchase Agreement including the Letter Agreement entitled Special Matters . The parties will deem Attachment 1 to be a supplement to the Table 1 in effect at the date of this Letter Agreement without further Purchase Agreement revision being required. For administrative convenience, a compilation of Table 1 to the Purchase 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000321 
 Rights Certain 787 Aircraft Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Agreement to formally incorporate the Attachment 1 revisions can be prepared if requested by either party. 
 2. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890. 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000321 
 Rights Certain 787 Aircraft Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date February 7, 2020 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000321 
 Rights Certain 787 Aircraft Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment 1 to UAL-PA-04815-LA-18028982000321 Entitled Rights for Certain 787 Aircraft 
 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 (787- 

 Airframe Model MTOW 787- pounds # Detail Specification Engine Model Thrust pounds Airframe Price Base Year Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Formula Features Airframe Data Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Base Year Index (ECI) Engine Price (Per Aircraft) 1 Base Year Index (CPI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Engine Data Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Base Year Index (ECI) In-Flight Entertainment (IFE) Estimate Base Year Index (CPI) # of Aircraft Delivery Date Number of Aircraft Factor Factor forecast being used Serial Number + Estimate Base Price Per A P Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Prior to Delivery) (Airframe) (Engine) Total 1 # Aircraft are eligible for the provisions of Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000325 entitled for 787- Aircraft + Serial numbers, if provided, 
 APR-114675 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES PROPRIETARY Att 1 to LA-2000321 for 787- Aircraft (SA-6) , Page 1 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124 2207 

UAL-PA-0481504815-LA-2000325 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject for 787- Aircraft 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used and not defined in this Letter Agreement have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 Subject to the terms, provisions, and conditions described herein, . 
 1. Customer's . 
 Boeing to Customer, as described in paragraph 3 below, . The Effective Date of such shall be the date that to Customer, unless otherwise mutually agreed to. not later than after receipt of Customer's . 
 2. 
 At the time of delivery of each 787- Aircraft, or after delivery of a 787- Aircraft, Customer. Such shall be , identifying the 787- Aircraft Manufacturer's Serial Number MSN ), the delivery date and the Effective Date of the . 
 3. 
 Customer shall in accordance with either the set forth below, at Customer's . 
 3.a. 
 3.b. 
 
 3.c. 
 3.d. 
 3.e. 
 4. 
 5. 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000325 SA-6 
 for Model 787- Aircraft Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

6. 
 7. Confidential Treatment . 
 Boeing and Customer understand that certain commercial information and financial information are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 entitled Privileged and Confidential Matters . 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000325 SA-6 
 for 787- Aircraft Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date February 7, 2020 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000325 
 P.A. No. 04815 SA 1 Boeing Proprietary 

Attachment A to Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000325 

 Date ____________________ 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Attention Technical Department 
 Reference Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000325 to Boeing UAL Purchase Agreement 04815 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 By __________________ 
 Its __________________ 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000325, Attachment A SA-6 
 for 787- Aircraft Page 4 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment B to Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000325 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000325, Attachment B SA-6 
 for 787- Aircraft Page 5 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124 2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000327 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject (787- 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 Boeing agrees to provide Customer with the in the Attachment. These . 
 The in the Attachment use the 787- nomenclature as appropriate . This is synonymous with the term 787- used in other portions of this Purchase Agreement. 
 1. Assignment . 
 Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Purchase Agreement, the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 2. Confidential Treatment . 
 The information contained herein represents confidential business information and has value precisely because it is not available generally or to other parties. Customer will limit the disclosure of its contents to employees of Customer with a need to know the contents for purposes of helping Customer perform its obligations under the Purchase Agreement and who understand they are not to disclose its contents to any other person or entity without the prior written consent of Boeing. 
 1. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894 entitled Assignment Matters , the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000327 SA-6 787- Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

2. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 entitled Privileged and Confidential Matters . 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000327 SA-6 787- Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date February 7, 2020 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000327 SA-6 787- Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000327 
 
 Page 1 

 MODEL 787- FOR UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 SECTION CONTENTS 
 1 AIRCRAFT MODEL APPLICABILITY 
 2 FLIGHT PERFORMANCE 
 3 AIRCRAFT CONFIGURATION 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 
 P.A. No. 04815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M20-0037 SS20-0032 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000327 
 
 Page 2 

 1 AIRCRAFT MODEL APPLICABILITY 
 The contained in this Attachment (the are applicable to the 787- Aircraft with a maximum takeoff weight of pounds, a maximum landing weight of pounds, and a maximum zero fuel weight of pounds, and equipped with Boeing furnished engines. 
 2 FLIGHT PERFORMANCE 
 2.1 Takeoff 
 2.1.1 The FAA approved takeoff field length at a gross weight at the start of the ground roll of pounds, at a temperature of F, at a altitude, based on the certified alternate forward center of gravity limit, and using maximum takeoff thrust, 
 NOMINAL Feet TOLERANCE Feet Feet 
 2.1.2 The FAA approved takeoff gross weight at the start of ground roll, at a temperature of F, at an altitude of feet, from a foot runway, and satisfying the conditions defined below, based on the certified alternate forward center of gravity limit, and using maximum takeoff thrust, 
 NOMINAL Pounds TOLERANCE Pounds Pounds 
 Conditions 
 The following obstacle definition is based on a straight-out departure where obstacle height and distance are specified with reference to the liftoff end of the runway 
 1. 2. 3. 4. Distance feet feet feet feet 
 Height feet feet feet feet 
 
 2.2 Landing 
 The FAA approved landing field length at a gross weight of pounds and at a altitude, 
 NOMINAL Feet TOLERANCE Feet Feet 
 P.A. No. 04815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M20-0037 SS20-0032 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000327 
 
 Page 3 

 2.3 Cruise Range 
 The still air range at an initial cruise altitude of feet on a standard day at Mach number, starting at a gross weight of pounds and consuming pounds of fuel, and using and using the conditions and operating rules defined below, 
 NOMINAL Nautical Miles TOLERANCE Nautical Miles Nautical Miles 
 Conditions and operating rules 
 A step climb or multiple step climbs of feet altitude may be used when beneficial to . 
 2.4 Mission 
 2.4.1 Mission Payload 
 The payload for a stage length of nautical miles in still air (equivalent to a distance of nautical miles with a knot headwind, representative of a using the conditions and operating rules defined below, 
 NOMINAL Pounds TOLERANCE Pounds Pounds 
 Conditions and operating rules 
 Stage Length The stage length is defined as the sum of the distances for the climbout maneuver, climb, cruise, and descent. Takeoff The airport altitude is feet. 
 The airport temperature is F. 
 The runway length is feet. 
 The following obstacle definition is based on a straight out departure where obstacle height and distance are specified with reference to the liftoff end of the runway 
 P.A. No. 04815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M20-0037 SS20-0032 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000327 
 
 Page 4 

 Distance Height 1. feet feet 2. feet feet 3. feet feet 4. feet feet 
 Takeoff performance is based on the certified alternate forward center of gravity limit. Maximum takeoff thrust is used for the takeoff. The takeoff gross weight shall conform to FAA Regulations. Climbout Maneuver Following the takeoff to feet, the Aircraft accelerates to KCAS while climbing to feet above the departure airport altitude and retracting flaps and landing gear. 
 Climb The Aircraft climbs from feet above the departure airport altitude to feet altitude at KCAS. 
 The Aircraft then accelerates at a rate of climb of feet per minute to a climb speed of KCAS. 
 The climb continues at KCAS until Mach number is reached. 
 The climb continues at Mach number to the initial cruise altitude. 
 The temperature is C during climb. 
 Maximum climb thrust is used during climb. Cruise The Aircraft cruises at Mach number. 
 The initial cruise altitude is feet. 
 
 P.A. No. 04815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M20-0037 SS20-0032 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000327 
 
 Page 5 

 A step climb or multiple step climbs of feet altitude may be used when beneficial to minimize fuel burn. 
 The temperature is C during cruise. 
 The cruise thrust is not to exceed maximum cruise thrust except during a step climb when maximum climb thrust may be used. Descent The Aircraft descends from the final cruise altitude at KCAS to an altitude of feet above the destination airport altitude. 
 Throughout the descent, the cabin pressure will be controlled to a maximum rate of descent equivalent to feet per minute at . 
 The temperature is C during descent. 
 Approach and Landing Maneuver The Aircraft decelerates to the final approach speed while extending landing gear and flaps, then descends and lands. The destination airport altitude is feet. 
 Fixed Allowances For the purpose of this and for the purpose of establishing compliance with this , the following shall be used as fixed quantities and allowances 
 Taxi-Out Fuel Pounds 
 Takeoff and Climbout Maneuver Fuel Pounds Distance Nautical Miles 
 Approach and Landing Maneuver Fuel Pounds 
 Taxi-In (shall be consumed from the reserve fuel) Fuel Pounds 
 
 P.A. No. 04815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M20-0037 SS20-0032 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000327 
 
 Page 6 

 Usable reserve fuel remaining upon completion of the approach and landing maneuver Pounds 
 For information purposes, the reserve fuel is based on a standard day temperature and minutes of fuel over the destination. 
 
 2.4.2 Mission Payload 
 The payload for a stage length of nautical miles in still air (equivalent to a distance of nautical miles with a knot headwind, representative of a using the conditions and operating rules defined below, 
 NOMINAL Pounds TOLERANCE Pounds Pounds 
 Conditions and operating rules 
 Stage Length The stage length is defined as the sum of the distances for the climbout maneuver, climb, cruise, and descent. Takeoff The airport altitude is feet. 
 The airport temperature is F. 
 The runway length is feet. 
 The following obstacle definition is based on a straight out departure where obstacle height and distance are specified with reference to the liftoff end of the runway Distance Height 1. feet feet 2. feet feet 3. feet feet 4. feet feet 
 
 P.A. No. 04815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M20-0037 SS20-0032 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000327 
 
 Page 7 

 Takeoff performance is based on the certified alternate forward center of gravity limit. Maximum takeoff thrust is used for the takeoff. The takeoff gross weight shall conform to FAA Regulations. Climbout Maneuver Following the takeoff to feet, the Aircraft accelerates to KCAS while climbing to feet above the departure airport altitude and retracting flaps and landing gear. 
 Climb The Aircraft climbs from feet above the departure airport altitude to feet altitude at KCAS. 
 The Aircraft then accelerates at a rate of climb of feet per minute to a climb speed of KCAS. 
 The climb continues at KCAS until Mach number is reached. 
 The climb continues at Mach number to the initial cruise altitude. 
 The temperature is standard day during climb. Maximum climb thrust is used during climb. Cruise The Aircraft cruises at Mach number. 
 The initial cruise altitude is feet. 
 A step climb or multiple step climbs of feet altitude may be used when beneficial to minimize fuel burn. 
 
 P.A. No. 04815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M20-0037 SS20-0032 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000327 
 
 Page 8 

 The temperature is standard day during cruise. The cruise thrust is not to exceed maximum cruise thrust except during a step climb when maximum climb thrust may be used. Descent The Aircraft descends from the final cruise altitude at KCAS to an altitude of feet above the destination airport altitude. 
 Throughout the descent, the cabin pressure will be controlled to a maximum rate of descent equivalent to feet per minute at . 
 The temperature is standard day during descent. Approach and Landing Maneuver The Aircraft decelerates to the final approach speed while extending landing gear and flaps, then descends and lands. The destination airport altitude is feet. 
 Fixed Allowances For the purpose of this and for the purpose of establishing compliance with this , the following shall be used as fixed quantities and allowances 
 Taxi-Out Fuel Pounds 
 Takeoff and Climbout Maneuver Fuel Pounds Distance Nautical Miles 
 Approach and Landing Maneuver Fuel Pounds 
 Taxi-In (shall be consumed from the reserve fuel) Fuel Pounds 
 
 P.A. No. 04815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M20-0037 SS20-0032 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000327 
 
 Page 9 

 Usable reserve fuel remaining upon completion of the approach and landing maneuver Pounds 
 For information purposes, the reserve fuel is based on a standard day temperature and minutes of fuel over the destination. 
 
 2.4.3 Mission 
 The for a stage length of nautical miles in still air (equivalent to a distance of nautical miles with a knot headwind, representative of a with a pound payload using the conditions and operating rules defined below, 
 NOMINAL Pounds TOLERANCE Pounds Pounds 
 Conditions and operating rules are the same as Paragraph 2.4.2 except as follows 
 
 Fixed Allowances For the purpose of this and for the purpose of establishing compliance with this , the following shall be used as fixed quantities and allowances 
 Taxi-Out Fuel Pounds 
 Takeoff and Climbout Maneuver Fuel Pounds Distance Nautical Miles 
 Approach and Landing Maneuver Fuel Pounds 
 Taxi-In (shall be consumed from the reserve fuel) Fuel Pounds 
 Usable reserve fuel remaining upon completion of the approach and landing maneuver Pounds 
 
 P.A. No. 04815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M20-0037 SS20-0032 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000327 
 
 Page 10 

 2.4.4 Mission Payload 
 The payload for a stage length of nautical miles in still air (equivalent to a distance of nautical miles with a knot headwind, representative of a using the conditions and operating rules defined below, 
 NOMINAL Pounds TOLERANCE Pounds Pounds 
 Conditions and operating rules 
 Stage Length The stage length is defined as the sum of the distances for the climbout maneuver, climb, cruise, and descent. Takeoff The airport altitude is feet. 
 The airport temperature is F. 
 The runway length is feet. 
 The runway slope is percent downhill. 
 Takeoff performance is based on the certified alternate forward center of gravity limit. Maximum takeoff thrust is used for the takeoff. The takeoff gross weight shall conform to FAA Regulations. Climbout Maneuver Following the takeoff to feet, the Aircraft accelerates to KCAS while climbing to feet above the departure airport altitude and retracting flaps and landing gear. 
 Climb The Aircraft climbs from feet above the departure airport altitude to feet altitude at KCAS. 
 
 P.A. No. 04815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M20-0037 SS20-0032 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000327 
 
 Page 11 

 The Aircraft then accelerates at a rate of climb of feet per minute to a climb speed of KCAS. 
 The climb continues at KCAS until Mach number is reached. 
 The climb continues at Mach number to the initial cruise altitude. 
 The temperature is C during climb. 
 Maximum climb thrust is used during climb. Cruise The Aircraft cruises at Mach number. 
 The initial cruise altitude is feet. 
 A step climb or multiple step climbs of feet altitude may be used when beneficial to minimize fuel burn. 
 The temperature is C during cruise. 
 The cruise thrust is not to exceed maximum cruise thrust except during a step climb when maximum climb thrust may be used. Descent The Aircraft descends from the final cruise altitude at KCAS to an altitude of feet above the destination airport altitude. 
 Throughout the descent, the cabin pressure will be controlled to a maximum rate of descent equivalent to feet per minute at . 
 The temperature is C during descent. 
 Approach and Landing Maneuver The Aircraft decelerates to the final approach speed while extending landing gear and flaps, then descends and lands. The destination airport altitude is feet. 
 
 P.A. No. 04815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M20-0037 SS20-0032 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000327 
 
 Page 12 

 Fixed Allowances For the purpose of this and for the purpose of establishing compliance with this , the following shall be used as fixed quantities and allowances 
 Taxi-Out Fuel Pounds 
 Takeoff and Climbout Maneuver Fuel Pounds Distance Nautical Miles 
 Approach and Landing Maneuver Fuel Pounds 
 Taxi-In (shall be consumed from the reserve fuel) Fuel Pounds 
 Usable reserve fuel remaining upon completion of the approach and landing maneuver Pounds 
 For information purposes, the reserve fuel is based on a standard day temperature and minutes of fuel over the destination. 
 
 2.4.5 Mission Payload 
 The payload for a stage length of nautical miles in still air (equivalent to a distance of nautical miles with a knot headwind, representative of a using the conditions and operating rules defined below, 
 NOMINAL Pounds TOLERANCE Pounds Pounds 
 Conditions and operating rules 
 Stage Length The stage length is defined as the sum of the distances for the climbout maneuver, climb, cruise, and descent. Takeoff The airport altitude is feet. 
 
 P.A. No. 04815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M20-0037 SS20-0032 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000327 
 
 Page 13 

 The airport temperature is F. 
 The runway length is feet. 
 The runway slope is percent uphill. 
 The following obstacle definition is based on a straight out departure where obstacle height and distance are specified with reference to the liftoff end of the runway Distance Height 1. feet feet 2. feet feet 3. feet feet 4. feet feet 5. feet feet 6. feet feet 7. feet feet 8. feet feet 9. feet feet 
 Takeoff performance is based on the certified alternate forward center of gravity limit. Maximum takeoff thrust is used for the takeoff. The takeoff gross weight shall conform to FAA Regulations. Climbout Maneuver Following the takeoff to feet, the Aircraft accelerates to KCAS while climbing to feet above the departure airport altitude and retracting flaps and landing gear. 
 Climb The Aircraft climbs from feet above the departure airport altitude to feet altitude at KCAS. 
 The Aircraft then accelerates at a rate of climb of feet per minute to a climb speed of KCAS. 
 
 P.A. No. 04815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M20-0037 SS20-0032 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000327 
 
 Page 14 

 The climb continues at KCAS until Mach number is reached. 
 The climb continues at Mach number to the initial cruise altitude. 
 The temperature is C during climb. 
 Maximum climb thrust is used during climb. Cruise The Aircraft cruises at Mach number. 
 The initial cruise altitude is feet. 
 A step climb or multiple step climbs of feet altitude may be used when beneficial to minimize fuel burn. 
 The temperature is C during cruise. 
 The cruise thrust is not to exceed maximum cruise thrust except during a step climb when maximum climb thrust may be used. Descent The Aircraft descends from the final cruise altitude at KCAS to an altitude of feet above the destination airport altitude. 
 Throughout the descent, the cabin pressure will be controlled to a maximum rate of descent equivalent to feet per minute at . 
 The temperature is C during descent. 
 Approach and Landing Maneuver The Aircraft decelerates to the final approach speed while extending landing gear and flaps, then descends and lands. The destination airport altitude is feet. 
 Fixed Allowances For the purpose of this and for the purpose of establishing compliance with this , the following shall be used as fixed quantities and allowances 
 Taxi-Out Fuel Pounds 
 
 P.A. No. 04815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M20-0037 SS20-0032 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000327 
 
 Page 15 

 Takeoff and Climbout Maneuver Fuel Pounds Distance Nautical Miles 
 Approach and Landing Maneuver Fuel Pounds 
 Taxi-In (shall be consumed from the reserve fuel) Fuel Pounds 
 Usable reserve fuel remaining upon completion of the approach and landing maneuver Pounds 
 For information purposes, the reserve fuel is based on a standard day temperature and minutes of fuel over the destination. 
 
 2.4.6 Mission 
 The for a stage length of nautical miles in still air with a pound payload using the conditions and operating rules defined below, 
 NOMINAL Pounds TOLERANCE Pounds Pounds 
 Conditions and operating rules 
 Stage Length The stage length is defined as the sum of the distances for the climbout maneuver, climb, cruise, and descent. 
 Takeoff The airport altitude is . 
 The takeoff gross weight is not limited by the airport conditions. 
 P.A. No. 04815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M20-0037 SS20-0032 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000327 
 
 Page 16 

 Climbout Maneuver Following the takeoff to feet, the Aircraft accelerates to KCAS while climbing to feet above the departure airport altitude and retracting flaps and landing gear. 
 Climb The Aircraft climbs from feet above the departure airport altitude to feet altitude at KCAS. 
 The Aircraft then accelerates at a rate of climb of feet per minute to a climb speed of KCAS. 
 The climb continues at KCAS until Mach number is reached. 
 The climb continues at Mach number to the initial cruise altitude. 
 The temperature is standard day during climb. Maximum climb thrust is used during climb. Cruise The Aircraft cruises at Mach number. 
 The initial cruise altitude is feet. 
 A step climb or multiple step climbs of feet altitude may be used when beneficial to minimize fuel burn. 
 The temperature is standard day during cruise. The cruise thrust is not to exceed maximum cruise thrust except during a step climb when maximum climb thrust may be used. Descent The Aircraft descends from the final cruise altitude at KCAS to an altitude of feet above the destination airport altitude. 
 
 P.A. No. 04815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M20-0037 SS20-0032 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000327 
 
 Page 17 

 Throughout the descent, the cabin pressure is controlled to a maximum rate of descent equivalent to feet per minute at . 
 The temperature is standard day during descent. Approach and Landing Maneuver The Aircraft decelerates to the final approach speed while extending landing gear and flaps, then descends and lands. The destination airport altitude is a airport. 
 Fixed Allowances For the purpose of this and for the purpose of establishing compliance with this , the following shall be used as fixed quantities and allowances 
 Taxi-Out Fuel Pounds 
 Takeoff and Climbout Maneuver Fuel Pounds Distance Nautical Miles 
 Approach and Landing Maneuver Fuel Pounds 
 Taxi-In (shall be consumed from the reserve fuel) Fuel Pounds 
 Usable reserve fuel remaining upon completion of the approach and landing maneuver Pounds 
 For information purposes, the reserve fuel is based on a standard day temperature and minutes of fuel over the destination. 
 
 P.A. No. 04815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M20-0037 SS20-0032 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000327 
 
 Page 18 

 2.4.7 Operational Empty Weight Basis 
 The Operational Empty Weight (OEW) derived in Paragraph 2.4.8 is the basis for the mission of Paragraphs 2.4.1, 2.4.2, 2.4.3, 2.4.4, 2.4.5, and 2.4.6. 
 
 P.A. No. 04815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M20-0037 SS20-0032 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000327 
 
 Page 19 

 2.4.8 787- Weight Summary United Airlines, Inc. 
 Pounds 
 Standard Model Specification MEW , 787- General Description 
 Product Development Study - 
 Interior 
 Engines 
 Lb. Maximum Taxi Weight 
 USG Fuel Capacity 
 United Manufacturer's Empty Weight (MEW) Standard and Operational Items Allowance (Paragraph 2.4.9) United Operational Empty Weight (OEW) 
 
 Quantity Pounds Pounds 
 P.A. No. 04815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M20-0037 SS20-0032 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000327 
 
 Page 20 

 2.4.9 Standard and Operational Items Allowance 
 Quantity Pounds Pounds Pounds 
 Standard Items Allowance Unusable Fuel Oil Oxygen Equipment Portable Oxygen Bottles Portable Oxygen (Constant Flow) Miscellaneous Equipment First Aid Kits Crash Axe Megaphones Flashlights C A Sta. Smoke Goggles PBE - Flight Deck PBE Demo Kits Seat Belt Extension Galley Structure & Fixed Inserts 
 Operational Items Allowance Crew and Crew Baggage Flight Crew & Bags 
 Cabin Crew & Bags 
 Flight Crew Briefcase 
 Cockpit Manuals 
 Catering Allowance & Removable Inserts Business Class Premium Economy Class Economy Class Passenger Service Equipment 
 Potable Water - USG) 
 Waste Tank Disinfectant Emergency Equipment (Includes Over Water Equip.) Slide Rafts Main Entry Life Vests Locator Transmitter Cargo System Containers . 
 Total Standard and Operational Items Allowance 
 P.A. No. 04815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M20-0037 SS20-0032 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000327 
 
 Page 21 

P.A. No. 04815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M20-0037 SS20-0032 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000327 
 
 Page 22 

 2.4.10 United Airlines LOPA 787 - 
 
 3 AIRCRAFT CONFIGURATION 
 3.1 The contained in this Attachment are based on the Aircraft configuration as defined in Boeing , as supplemented by Boeing , plus any changes mutually agreed to or otherwise allowed by the Purchase Agreement to be incorporated into the original release of the Customer s Detail Specification (hereinafter referred to as the Detail Specification). Appropriate adjustment shall be made for changes in such Detail Specification approved by the Customer and Boeing or otherwise allowed by the Purchase Agreement which cause changes to the flight performance and or weight and balance of the Aircraft. Such adjustment shall be accounted for by Boeing in its evidence of compliance with the . 
 3.2 The payloads of Paragraph 2.4.1, 2.4.2, 2.4.4, and 2.4.5 and the specified payloads of Paragraph 2.4.3 and 2.4.6 will be by Boeing for the effect of the following on OEW in its evidence of compliance with the 
 (1) Changes to the Detail Specification or any other changes mutually agreed upon between the Customer and Boeing or otherwise allowed by the Purchase Agreement. 
 (2) The difference between the seat to be incorporated into the Detail Specification and the . 
 4 
 P.A. No. 04815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M20-0037 SS20-0032 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Attachment to Letter Agreement 
 No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000327 
 
 Page 23 

 5 
 6 
 
 P.A. No. 04815 
 AERO-B-BBA4-M20-0037 SS20-0032 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000328 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject 787- 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787- aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used and not defined in this Letter Agreement have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 1. Definitions . 
 Notice means the written communication provided by to in accordance with the requirements of Article 4.1, below. 
 Aircraft will have the meaning specified in Letter Agreement Number UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802897, as amended, relating to 787- Aircraft. 
 Program Aircraft means each 787- Aircraft specified in Table 1 of the Purchase Agreement as of the date of this Letter Agreement, any 787- Aircraft for which Customer has , and any deemed 787- Aircraft. 
 2. Applicability . 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Purchase Agreement to the contrary, the parties agree that the for each Program Aircraft shall be determined in accordance with this Letter Agreement. 
 3. Forecast . 
 Boeing will release an forecast in of each year based on Boeing s then current standard . Only one forecast shall be used to conduct the analysis performed in accordance with Article 4.1, below, for a given Program Aircraft. The forecast applicable to a given Program Aircraft is set forth in Attachment A. 
 4. 
 4.a 
 4.1.i 
 4.1.ii 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000328 SA-6 
 787- LA Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

4.1.iii 
 4.1.ivIn the event that Boeing either the Notice as detailed in Article 4.1.2 or Article 4.1.3 and Customer , then Customer the Purchase Agreement with respect to such affected Program Aircraft. 
 4.b If Boeing Customer the described in Article 4.1.2 or Article 4.1.3 above, then Customer Boeing contained in Articles 4.1.2, 4.1.3, or 4.1.4 above within days of its receipt of the Notice from Boeing. In the event Customer in accordance with Article 4.1.4 above, then Boeing to Customer, for the Program Aircraft. 
 i.Within days of Boeing s receipt of notice for any such Program Aircraft under Article 4.2 above, Boeing by written notice to Customer to related to such Program Aircraft , by Customer. 
 ii.Should Customer any notice to Boeing in accordance with Article 4.2 above, then the for such Program Aircraft shall be in accordance with Article 4.1.2. 
 4.c In the event that the of a Program Aircraft that is subject to either Article 4.1.1, Article 4.1.2 or Article 4.1.3 above, applicable to such Program Aircraft will be determined pursuant to Article 5 below. 
 5. 
 6. 
 7. 
 , identified in the Purchase Agreement as subject to pursuant to Supplemental Exhibit AE1, and which pertains to the Program Aircraft shall be . 
 8. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894 entitled Assignment Matters , the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part, 
 9. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 entitled Privileged and Confidential Matters . 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000328 SA-6 
 787- LA Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Very truly yours, 

THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-In-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000328 SA-6 
 787- LA Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date February 7, 2020 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000328 SA-6 
 787- LA Page 4 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ATTACHMENT A 
 Forecast & Notice Date 
 
 Forecast 
 Applicable to Program Aircraft Delivering in Time Period Notice Date 
 
 Attachment A to UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000328 SA-6 
 787- Attachment A, Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

ATTACHMENT B 

Attachment B to UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000328 SA-6 
 787- Attachment B, Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

ATTACHMENT B 
 Escalation Factors - July 2006 Base Year 

Attachment B to UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000328 SA-6 
 787-10 Escalation-Banded Fixed Program Attachment B, Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124 2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000341 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject CS1 Special Matters 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement will have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement and or in the Supplemental Exhibit CS1 entitled 787 Customer Support Document between The Boeing Company and United Airlines, Inc. CS1 contained therein, each as the context requires. 
 1. Part 1 Article 1, Section 1.1 Revision . 
 The parties agree that Section 1.1 of Article 1, Part 1 of the CS1 is revised in its entirety as follows 
 1.a As of the date of execution of Supplemental Agreement No. 6 to the Purchase Agreement, Customer is awarded points Training Points for 787- aircraft and for 787- aircraft for a Training Points from Section 1.1. Customer is eligible for Training Points for model 787 Aircraft purchased by Customer. At any time before after delivery of Customer s last Aircraft Training Program Period Customer may exchange Training Points for any of the training courses described on Attachment A at the described on Attachment A. At the end of the Training Program Period . 
 2. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894 entitled Assignment Matters , the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 3. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 entitled Privileged and Confidential Matters . 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000341 SA-6 CS1 Special Matters Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000341 SA-6 CS1 Special Matters Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date February 7 , 2020 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000341 SA-6 CS1 Special Matters Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124 2207 

UAL-PA-0481504815-LA-2000366 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject for 787- Aircraft 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used and not defined in this Letter Agreement have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 Subject to the terms, provisions, and conditions described herein, . 
 1. Customer's . 
 Boeing to Customer, as described in paragraph 3 below, pounds. The effective date of such shall be the date that to Customer, Effective Date ). . 
 2. 
 Attachment A specifies applicable to each 787- Aircraft once the is issued. After the Effective Date, if Customer operates the 787- . 
 3. 
 4. 
 
 5. Reserved . NTD Not required since performance already addressed for 787- aircraft in Customer s fleet. 
 
 6. 
 7. Confidential Treatment . 
 Boeing and Customer understand that certain commercial information and financial information are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 entitled Privileged and Confidential Matters . 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000366 SA-6 
 for Model 787- Aircraft Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000366 SA-6 
 for 787- Aircraft Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000366 
 P.A. No. 04815 SA 1 Boeing Proprietary 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date February 7, 2020 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000366 SA-6 
 for 787- Aircraft Page 4 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A to Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000366 

Pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 2 of this Letter Agreement, and for purposes of Customer s , The Boeing Company of the following for each of the 787- Aircraft as of the Effective Date 
 Model ___ 787- _______ 
 787- Aircraft _ __ 
 787- Aircraft _ __ 
 787- Aircraft _ __ 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000366, Attachment A SA-6 
 for 787- Aircraft Page 5 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment B to Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000366 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000366, Attachment B SA-6 
 for 787- Aircraft Page 6 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment C to Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000366 

Attachment C 
 787- Aircraft Eligible for 
 The following 787- aircraft are eligible for specified in this Letter Agreement in accordance with the terms set forth therein 

Attachment C to UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000366 SA-6 Special Matters Att. C, Page 1 of 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

</EX-10.98>

<EX-10.99>
 14
 ual_12312210kex1099.htm
 EX-10.99

Document 
 Exhibit 10.99 
 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. OMITTED INFORMATION HAS BEEN REPLACED WITH ASTERISKS. 

 SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT NO. 7 to 
 PURCHASE AGREEMENT NUMBER 04815 
 between 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 and 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 relating to 
 BOEING MODEL 787 AIRCRAFT 
 THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT No. 7 SA-7 is entered into as of March 20, 2020 by and between The Boeing Company, a Delaware corporation, Boeing and United Airlines, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Customer 
 Customer and Boeing entered into Purchase Agreement No. 04815 dated as of the 31st day of May of 2018 as amended and supplemented Purchase Agreement ), relating to the purchase and sale of Model 787 aircraft. This Supplemental Agreement is an amendment to the Purchase Agreement 
 WHEREAS, solely to conform and further amend the Purchase Agreement to reflect Customer and Boeing s agreement regarding the following matters without duplication of any consideration being provided to Customer 
 (1) provide Customer with certain and 
 (2) specify applicable to certain Boeing aircraft 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-7 Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties agree to amend the Purchase Agreement as follows 
 1. Table of Contents . 
 The Table of Contents is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the attached Table of Contents (identified by SA-6 ). 
 2. Letter Agreements . 
 2.a. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R1 entitled Matters (identified by SA-7 to provide Customer with certain . 
 2.b. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2001835 entitled Certain Special Matters is added to the Purchase Agreement to specify applicable to certain Boeing aircraft. 
 The Purchase Agreement will be deemed supplemented to the extent provided herein as of the date hereof and as so supplemented will continue in full force and effect. 
 The rest of the page is intentionally blank. Signature page follows. 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-7 Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

EXECUTED IN DUPLICATE as of the day and year first written above. 

THE BOEING COMPANY UNITED AIRLINES, INC. s Irma L. Krueger s Gerald Laderman Signature Signature Irma. L. Krueger 
 Gerald Laderman Printed Name Printed Name 
 Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Title Title 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-7 Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 ARTICLES SA NUMBER 
 Article 1. Quantity, Model and Description Article 2. Delivery Schedule Article 3. Price Article 4. Payment Article 5. Additional Terms TABLE 1. 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-6 1. 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-6 EXHIBITS A 787- Aircraft Configuration 
 SA-6 A2 787- Aircraft Configuration 
 B. Aircraft Delivery Requirements and Responsibilities 
 SUPPLEMENTAL EXHIBITS AE1. Airframe and Features for the 787 Aircraft 
 BFE1. BFE Variables 787- Aircraft 
 BFE1. BFE Variables 787- Aircraft 
 SA-6 CS1. Customer Support Document 
 EE1. Engine , Engine Warranty and 
 SLP1. Service Life Policy Components 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 1 of 4 SA-7 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED LETTER AGREEMENTS SA NUMBER 
 LA-1802882 Special Matters Relating to COTS Software and End User License Agreements 
 LA-1802883 Installation of Cabin Systems Equipment 
 LA-1802884 Model 787 Post-Delivery Software & Data Loading 
 LA-1802885 Aircraft Model 
 Attachment A, 787- Airframe Pricing of Aircraft with 
 Attachment B, 787- with 
 Attachment C, 787- with 
 LA-1802886R2 Special Matters SA-6 LA-1802887 LA-1802888 for 787- Aircraft 
 LA-1802889 Demonstration Flight Waiver LA-1802890 Privileged and Confidential Matters LA-1802891 787- 
 LA-1802892 787 Special Terms Seats LA-1802893 AGTA Matters LA-1802894 Assignment Matters LA-1802895R1 Matters 
 SA-7 LA-1802896 Model 787 e- Enabling TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED LETTER AGREEMENTS SA NUMBER 
 LA-1802897 Aircraft 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 2 of 4 SA-7 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A-1, 787- with Engines Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-6 Attachment A-2, 787- with Engines Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-6 LA-1907123 Other Special Matters 
 SA-5 LA-2000321 Rights for Certain 787 Aircraft 
 SA-6 LA-2000325 for 787- Aircraft 
 SA-6 LA-2000327 for 787- Aircraft 
 SA-6 LA-2000328 787- 
 SA-6 LA-2000341 CS1 Special Matters 
 SA-6 LA-2000366 for 787- Aircraft 
 SA-6 LA-2001835 Certain Special Matters 
 SA-7 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 3 of 4 SA-7 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENTS DATED AS OF Supplemental Agreement No. 1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . September 25, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 2 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . November 1, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 3 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . December 12, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 4 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . April 26, 2019 Supplemental Agreement No. 5. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . October 31, 2019 Supplemental Agreement No. 6. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . February 7, 2020 Supplemental Agreement No. 7. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . March 20, 2020 C 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 4 of 4 SA-7 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R1 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Matters 
 References 1) Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft and 
 2) Aircraft General Terms Agreement dated as of October 10, 1997 between the parties, identified as AGTA-CAL AGTA 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. The Purchase Agreement incorporates the terms and conditions of the AGTA. This Letter Agreement modifies certain terms and conditions of the AGTA with respect to the Aircraft. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement will have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement or the AGTA, as the context requires. This Letter Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895 dated May 31, 2018. 
 1. 
 2. 
 3. Rights . 
 3.a Customer agrees that . 
 3.b In the event Boeing to Boeing pursuant to Article 3.1, absent instruction from Boeing to the contrary, Customer shall, under the Purchase Agreement as amended by this Letter Agreement. Customer will . 
 3.c For all purposes of this paragraph 3, including without limitation, notice, or any other application, . Boeing expressly reserves all of its rights and remedies under any agreement and applicable law. 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R1 SA-7 
 Matters Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

4. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894 entitled Assignment Matters , the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 5. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 entitled Privileged and Confidential Matters . 
 If the foregoing correctly sets forth your understanding of our agreement with respect to the matters treated above, please indicate your acceptance and approval below. 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R1 SA-7 
 Matters Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date March 20, 2020 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R1 SA-7 
 Matters Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124 2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-2001835 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Certain Special Matters 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. PA-04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 1. Customer . 
 1.a. Boeing will provide to Customer the described as follows 
 1) 
 2. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894, the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 3. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890. 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-2001835 SA-7 
 Certain Special Matters Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-In-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-2001835 SA-7 
 Certain Special Matters Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO AS OF Date March 20, 2020 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By 

s Gerald Laderman 
 Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-2001835 SA-7 
 Certain Special Matters Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

</EX-10.99>

<EX-10.100>
 15
 ual_12312210kex10100.htm
 EX-10.100

Document 
 Exhibit 10.100 
 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. OMITTED INFORMATION HAS BEEN REPLACED WITH ASTERISKS. 

 SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT NO. 8 to 
 PURCHASE AGREEMENT NUMBER 04815 
 between 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 and 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 relating to 
 BOEING MODEL 787 AIRCRAFT 
 THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT No. 8 SA-8 is entered into as of June 30, 2020 by and between The Boeing Company, a Delaware corporation, Boeing and United Airlines, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Customer 
 Customer and Boeing entered into Purchase Agreement No. 04815 dated as of the 31st day of May of 2018 as amended and supplemented Purchase Agreement ), relating to the purchase and sale of Model 787 aircraft. This Supplemental Agreement is an amendment to the Purchase Agreement 
 WHEREAS, solely to conform and further amend the Purchase Agreement to reflect Customer and Boeing s agreement regarding the following matters without duplication of any consideration being provided to Customer 
 (1) provide Customer with certain 
 (2) revise Table 1 for model 787- Aircraft to incorporate the 787- Aircraft and 
 (3) specify consideration applicable to certain Boeing aircraft 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-8 Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties agree to amend the Purchase Agreement as follows 
 1. Table of Contents . 
 The Table of Contents is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the attached Table of Contents (identified by SA-8 ). 
 2. Tables . 
 The Table 1 entitled 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the attached similarly titled Table 1 (identified by SA-8 to incorporate the 787- Aircraft. 
 3. Letter Agreements . 
 3.a. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R1 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R2 entitled Matters (identified by SA-8 to provide Customer with certain . 
 3.b. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2001835 entitled Certain Special Matters is deleted in its entirety and replaced with Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-2001835R1 (identified by SA-8 to specify certain placed upon consideration applicable to certain Boeing aircraft. 
 The Purchase Agreement will be deemed supplemented to the extent provided herein as of the date hereof and as so supplemented will continue in full force and effect. 
 The rest of the page is intentionally blank. Signature page follows. 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-8 Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

EXECUTED IN DUPLICATE as of the day and year first written above. 

THE BOEING COMPANY UNITED AIRLINES, INC. s Irma L. Krueger s Gerald Laderman Signature Signature Irma. L. Krueger 
 Gerald Laderman Printed Name Printed Name 
 Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 Vice President - Procurement 
 Title Title 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-8 Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 ARTICLES SA NUMBER 
 Article 1. Quantity, Model and Description Article 2. Delivery Schedule Article 3. Price Article 4. Payment Article 5. Additional Terms TABLE 1. 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-6 1. 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-8 EXHIBITS A 787- Aircraft Configuration 
 SA-6 A2 787- Aircraft Configuration 
 B. Aircraft Delivery Requirements and Responsibilities 
 SUPPLEMENTAL EXHIBITS AE1. Features for the 787 Aircraft 
 BFE1. BFE Variables 787- Aircraft 
 BFE1. BFE Variables 787- Aircraft 
 SA-6 CS1. Customer Support Document 
 EE1. Engine , Engine Warranty and 
 SLP1. Service Life Policy Components 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 1 of 4 SA-8 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

LETTER AGREEMENTS SA NUMBER 
 LA-1802882 Special Matters Relating to COTS Software and End User License Agreements 
 LA-1802883 Installation of Cabin Systems Equipment 
 LA-1802884 Model 787 Post-Delivery Software & Data Loading 
 LA-1802885 Aircraft Model 
 Attachment A, 787- Airframe Pricing of Aircraft with 
 Attachment B, 787- with 
 Attachment C, 787- with 
 LA-1802886R2 Special Matters SA-6 LA-1802887 LA-1802888 for 787- Aircraft 
 LA-1802889 Demonstration Flight Waiver LA-1802890 Privileged and Confidential Matters LA-1802891 787- 
 LA-1802892 787 Special Terms Seats LA-1802893 AGTA Matters LA-1802894 Assignment Matters LA-1802895R2 Matters 
 SA-8 LA-1802896 Model 787 e- Enabling TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED LETTER AGREEMENTS SA NUMBER 
 LA-1802897 Aircraft 
 Attachment A-1, 787- with Engines Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-6 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 2 of 4 SA-8 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A-2, 787- with GENX-1B70 Engines Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-6 LA-1907123 Other Special Matters 
 SA-5 LA-2000321 Rights for Certain 787 Aircraft 
 SA-6 LA-2000325 for 787- Aircraft 
 SA-6 LA-2000327 for 787- Aircraft 
 SA-6 LA-2000328 787- 
 SA-6 LA-2000341 CS1 Special Matters 
 SA-6 LA-2000366 for 787- Aircraft 
 SA-6 LA-2001835R1 Certain Special Matters 
 SA-8 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 3 of 4 SA-8 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENTS DATED AS OF Supplemental Agreement No. 1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . September 25, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 2 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . November 1, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 3 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . December 12, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 4 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . April 26, 2019 Supplemental Agreement No. 5. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . October 31, 2019 Supplemental Agreement No. 6. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . February 7, 2020 Supplemental Agreement No. 7. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . March 20, 2020 Supplemental Agreement No. 8 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . June 30, 2020 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 4 of 4 SA-8 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Table 1 to Purchase Agreement No. 04815 
 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 (787- 

 Airframe Model MTOW 787- pounds # Detail Specification Engine Model Thrust pounds Airframe Price Base Year Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Formula Features Airframe Data Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Base Year Index (ECI) Engine Price (Per Aircraft) 1 Base Year Index (CPI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Engine Data Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Base Year Index (ECI) Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) Estimate Base Year Index (CPI) # of Aircraft Contracted Delivery Date Target Delivery Date Number of Aircraft Factor Factor forecast being used Serial Number + Estimate Base Price Per A P Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Prior to Delivery) (Airframe) (Engine) Total 1 # Aircraft are eligible for the provisions of Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000325 entitled for 787- Aircraft , as amended + Serial numbers, if provided, are for informational purposes only 
 APR-114675 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES PROPRIETARY 787- Table 1 SA-8 ), Page 1 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R2 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Matters 
 References 1) Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft and 
 2) Aircraft General Terms Agreement dated as of October 10, 1997 between the parties, identified as AGTA-CAL AGTA 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. The Purchase Agreement incorporates the terms and conditions of the AGTA. This Letter Agreement modifies certain terms and conditions of the AGTA with respect to the Aircraft. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement will have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement or the AGTA, as the context requires. This Letter Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R1 dated March 20, 2020. 
 1. 
 2. 
 3. Rights . 
 3.a Customer agrees that . 
 3.b In the event Boeing to Boeing pursuant to Article 3.1, absent instruction from Boeing to the contrary, Customer shall, under the Purchase Agreement as amended by this Letter Agreement. Customer will . 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R2 SA-8 
 Matters Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

3.c For all purposes of this paragraph 3, including without limitation, notice, or any other application, . Boeing expressly reserves all of its rights and remedies under any agreement and applicable law. 
 4. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894 entitled Assignment Matters , the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 5. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 entitled Privileged and Confidential Matters . 
 If the foregoing correctly sets forth your understanding of our agreement with respect to the matters treated above, please indicate your acceptance and approval below. 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R2 SA-8 
 Matters Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date June 30, 2020 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Vice President - Procurement 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R2 SA-8 
 Matters Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124 2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-2001835R1 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Certain Special Matters 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. PA-04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. This Letter Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-2001835 dated March 20, 2020. 
 1. Customer . 
 1.a. Boeing will provide to Customer the described as follows 
 
 1.b. 
 2. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894, the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 3. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890. 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-In-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-2001835R1 SA-8 
 Certain Special Matters Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO AS OF , Date June 30, 2020 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By 

s Gerald Laderman 
 Its Vice President - Procurement 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-2001835R1 SA-8 
 Certain Special Matters Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

</EX-10.100>

<EX-10.101>
 16
 ual_12312210kex10101.htm
 EX-10.101

Document 
 Exhibit 10.101 
 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. OMITTED INFORMATION HAS BEEN REPLACED WITH ASTERISKS. 

 SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT NO. 9 to 
 PURCHASE AGREEMENT NUMBER 04815 
 between 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 and 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 relating to 
 BOEING MODEL 787 AIRCRAFT 
 THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT No. 9 SA-9 is entered into as of February 26, 2021 by and between The Boeing Company, a Delaware corporation, Boeing and United Airlines, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Customer 
 WHEREAS, Customer and Boeing entered into Purchase Agreement No. 04815 dated as of the 31st day of May of 2018 as amended and supplemented Purchase Agreement ), relating to the purchase and sale of Model 787 aircraft. This Supplemental Agreement is an amendment to the Purchase Agreement and 
 WHEREAS, solely to conform and further amend the Purchase Agreement to reflect Customer and Boeing s agreement to provide Customer with certain . 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-9 Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties agree to amend the Purchase Agreement as follows 
 1. Table of Contents . 
 The Table of Contents is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the attached Table of Contents (identified by SA-9 ). 
 2. Letter Agreements . 
 Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R2 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R3 entitled Matters (identified by SA-9 to provide Customer with certain . 
 3. Miscellaneous. 
 3.a. Boeing and Customer agree to under purchase agreement number 04761 as specified in Section 1.1.1 of Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R3 entitled Matters . 
 3.b. The following letter agreements are deemed to be revised as follows 
 Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R2 titled Special Matters 
 
 3.c. If Boeing or Customer determines that the reference described in Section 3.1 of this Supplemental Agreement No. 9 should be further amended, then Boeing and Customer will work together for a mutually agreeable solution. 
 The Purchase Agreement will be deemed supplemented to the extent provided herein as of the date hereof and as so supplemented will continue in full force and effect. 
 The rest of the page is intentionally blank. Signature page follows. 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-9 Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

EXECUTED IN DUPLICATE as of the day and year first written above. 

THE BOEING COMPANY UNITED AIRLINES, INC. s Irma L. Krueger s Gerald Laderman Signature Signature Irma. L. Krueger 
 Gerald Laderman Printed Name Printed Name 
 Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Title Title 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-9 Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 ARTICLES SA NUMBER 
 Article 1. Quantity, Model and Description Article 2. Delivery Schedule Article 3. Price Article 4. Payment Article 5. Additional Terms TABLE 1. 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-6 1. 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-8 EXHIBITS A 787- Aircraft Configuration 
 SA-6 A2 787- Aircraft Configuration 
 B. Aircraft Delivery Requirements and Responsibilities 
 SUPPLEMENTAL EXHIBITS AE1. Features for the 787 Aircraft 
 BFE1. BFE Variables 787- Aircraft 
 BFE1. BFE Variables 787- Aircraft 
 SA-6 CS1. Customer Support Document 
 EE1. Engine , Engine Warranty and 
 SLP1. Service Life Policy Components 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 1 of 4 SA-9 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

LETTER AGREEMENTS SA NUMBER 
 LA-1802882 Special Matters Relating to COTS Software and End User License Agreements 
 LA-1802883 Installation of Cabin Systems Equipment 
 LA-1802884 Model 787 Post-Delivery Software & Data Loading 
 LA-1802885 Aircraft Model 
 Attachment A, 787- Airframe Pricing of Aircraft with 
 Attachment B, 787- with 
 Attachment C, 787- with 
 LA-1802886R2 Special Matters SA-6 LA-1802887 LA-1802888 for 787- Aircraft 
 LA-1802889 Demonstration Flight Waiver LA-1802890 Privileged and Confidential Matters LA-1802891 787- 
 LA-1802892 787 Special Terms Seats LA-1802893 AGTA Matters LA-1802894 Assignment Matters LA-1802895R3 Matters 
 SA-9 LA-1802896 Model 787 e- Enabling TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED LETTER AGREEMENTS SA NUMBER 
 LA-1802897 Aircraft 
 Attachment A-1, 787- with Engines Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-6 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 2 of 4 SA-9 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A-2, 787- with Engines Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-6 LA-1907123 Other Special Matters 
 SA-5 LA-2000321 Rights for Certain 787 Aircraft 
 SA-6 LA-2000325 for 787- Aircraft 
 SA-6 LA-2000327 for 787- Aircraft 
 SA-6 LA-2000328 787- 
 SA-6 LA-2000341 CS1 Special Matters 
 SA-6 LA-2000366 for 787- Aircraft 
 SA-6 LA-2001835R1 Certain Special Matters 
 SA-8 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 3 of 4 SA-9 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENTS DATED AS OF Supplemental Agreement No. 1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . September 25, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 2 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . November 1, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 3 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . December 12, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 4 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . April 26, 2019 Supplemental Agreement No. 5. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . October 31, 2019 Supplemental Agreement No. 6. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . February 7, 2020 Supplemental Agreement No. 7. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . March 20, 2020 Supplemental Agreement No. 8 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . June 30, 2020 Supplemental Agreement No. 9 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . February 26, 2021 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 4 of 4 SA-9 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R3 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Matters 
 References 1) Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft and 
 2) Aircraft General Terms Agreement dated as of October 10, 1997 between the parties, identified as AGTA-CAL AGTA 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. The Purchase Agreement incorporates the terms and conditions of the AGTA. This Letter Agreement modifies certain terms and conditions of the AGTA with respect to the Aircraft. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement will have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement or the AGTA, as the context requires. This Letter Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R2 dated June 30, 2020. 
 1. 
 2. 
 3. Rights . 
 3.a Customer agrees that . 
 3.b In the event Boeing to Boeing pursuant to Article 3.1, absent instruction from Boeing to the contrary, Customer shall, under the Purchase Agreement as amended by this Letter Agreement. Customer will . 
 3.c For all purposes of this paragraph 3, including without limitation, notice, or any other application, . Boeing expressly reserves all of its rights and remedies under any agreement and applicable law. 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R3 SA-9 
 Matters Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

4. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894 entitled Assignment Matters , the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 5. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 entitled Privileged and Confidential Matters . 
 If the foregoing correctly sets forth your understanding of our agreement with respect to the matters treated above, please indicate your acceptance and approval below. 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R3 SA-9 
 Matters Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date February 26, 2021 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R3 SA-9 
 Matters Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

</EX-10.101>

<EX-10.102>
 17
 ual_12312210kex10102.htm
 EX-10.102

Document 
 Exhibit 10.102 
 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. OMITTED INFORMATION HAS BEEN REPLACED WITH ASTERISKS. 

 SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT NO. 10 to 
 PURCHASE AGREEMENT NUMBER 04815 
 between 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 and 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 relating to 
 BOEING MODEL 787 AIRCRAFT 
 THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT No. 10 SA-10 is entered into as of August 25th , 2022 by and between The Boeing Company, a Delaware corporation, Boeing and United Airlines, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Customer 
 WHEREAS, Customer and Boeing entered into Purchase Agreement No. 04815 dated as of the 31st day of May of 2018 as amended and supplemented Purchase Agreement ), relating to the purchase and sale of Model 787 aircraft. This Supplemental Agreement is an amendment to the Purchase Agreement and 
 WHEREAS, solely to conform and further amend the Purchase Agreement to reflect Customer and Boeing s agreement to 
 (1) Reflect Customer s purchase of 787- Aircraft arising from in 787- Aircraft and 787- Aircraft, for a total of 787- Aircraft 787- Aircraft to be added to the Purchase Agreement 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-10 Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

(2) Incorporate Customer s purchase of the 787- Aircraft into the Purchase Agreement as follows 
 a. Addition of a new Aircraft Information Table for the 787- Aircraft 
 b. Addition of an exhibit to reflect the current 787- configuration applicable to the 787- Aircraft 
 c. Addition of a supplemental exhibit concerning BFE variables for the 787- Aircraft 
 d. of a supplemental exhibit concerning customer support variables for the Boeing model 787 Aircraft 
 e. Identification of the economic considerations applicable to the 787- Aircraft 
 f. Expansion of the to apply to the 787- Aircraft 
 g. Modification of to exclude application to the 787- Aircraft 
 h. Deletion of remaining Aircraft information tables due to their and 
 i. Provision of certain rights for the 787- Aircraft. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties agree to amend the Purchase Agreement as follows 
 1. Table of Contents . 
 The Table of Contents is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the attached Table of Contents (identified by SA-10 ). 
 2. Tables. 
 Table 1 entitled 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and (identified by SA-10 is added to the Purchase Agreement to incorporate the 787- Aircraft. 
 3. Exhibit and Supplemental Exhibits . 
 3.a. Exhibit A1 entitled 787- Aircraft Configuration (Updated) (identified by SA-10 is added to the Purchase Agreement to update the 787- configuration to additional 787- post-implementation configuration changes applicable to the 787- Aircraft. 
 3.b. Supplemental Exhibit BFE1 entitled BFE Variables 787- Aircraft is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the attached similarly titled Supplemental Exhibit BFE1 (identified by SA-10 to the 787- Aircraft. 
 3.c. Supplemental Exhibit CS1 entitled 787 Customer Support Document is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the attached similarly titled Supplemental Exhibit CS1 (identified by SA-10 to on incorporation of the 787- Aircraft to the Purchase Agreement. 
 4. Letter Agreements . 
 4.a. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R2 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R3 entitled Special 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-10 Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Matters (identified by SA-10 to applicability of certain economic considerations to the 787- Aircraft. 
 4.b. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802891 entitled 787- is deleted in its entirety and replaced with Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802891 entitled (identified by SA-10 to its applicability to the 787- Aircraft. 
 4.c. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R3 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R4 entitled Matters (identified by SA-10 to Customer the 787- Aircraft from . 
 4.d. Attachments A-1 and A-2 to Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802897 entitled Aircraft are deleted in their entirety. 
 4.e. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA- 22004030 entitled Rights for 787- Aircraft (identified by SA-10 is added to the Purchase Agreement to Customer with in relation to the 787- Aircraft. 
 5. Miscellaneous. 
 Boeing and Customer agree that under this SA-10 and shall be this SA-10. 
 The Purchase Agreement will be deemed supplemented to the extent provided herein as of the date hereof and as so supplemented will continue in full force and effect. 
 The rest of the page is intentionally blank. Signature page follows. 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-10 Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

EXECUTED IN DUPLICATE as of the day and year first written above. 

THE BOEING COMPANY UNITED AIRLINES, INC. s Irma L. Krueger s Gerald Laderman Signature Signature Irma. L. Krueger 
 Gerald Laderman Printed Name Printed Name 
 Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Title Title 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-10 Page 4 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 ARTICLES SA NUMBER 
 Article 1. Quantity, Model and Description Article 2. Delivery Schedule Article 3. Price Article 4. Payment Article 5. Additional Terms TABLE 1. 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-6 1. 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 787- Aircraft) 
 SA-10 1. 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-8 EXHIBITS A 787- Aircraft Configuration 
 SA-6 A1 787- Aircraft Configuration (Updated) 
 SA-10 A2 787- Aircraft Configuration 
 B. Aircraft Delivery Requirements and Responsibilities 
 SUPPLEMENTAL EXHIBITS AE1. Airframe and Features for the 787 Aircraft 
 BFE1. BFE Variables 787- Aircraft 
 SA-10 BFE1. BFE Variables 787- Aircraft 
 SA-6 CS1. Customer Support Document 
 SA-10 EE1. Engine , Engine Warranty 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 1 of 4 SA-10 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

SLP1. Service Life Policy Components 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED LETTER AGREEMENTS SA NUMBER 
 LA-1802882 Special Matters Relating to COTS Software and End User License Agreements 
 LA-1802883 Installation of Cabin Systems Equipment 
 LA-1802884 Model 787 Post-Delivery Software & Data Loading 
 LA-1802885R1 Aircraft Model 
 Attachment A, 787- Airframe Pricing of Aircraft with 
 Attachment B, 787- with 
 Attachment C, 787- with 
 LA-1802886R3 Special Matters SA-10 LA-1802887 LA-1802888 for 787- Aircraft 
 LA-1802889 Demonstration Flight Waiver LA-1802890 Privileged and Confidential Matters LA-1802891R1 SA-10 LA-1802892 787 Special Terms Seats LA-1802893 AGTA Matters LA-1802894 Assignment Matters LA-1802895R4 Matters 
 SA-10 LA-1802896 Model 787 e- Enabling TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED LETTER AGREEMENTS SA NUMBER 
 LA-1802897 Aircraft 
 Attachment A-1, 787- with 
 SA - 10 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 2 of 4 SA-10 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A-2, 787- with 
 SA-10 LA-1907123 Other Special Matters 
 SA-5 LA-2000321 Rights for Certain 787 Aircraft 
 SA-6 LA-2000325 for 787- Aircraft 
 SA-6 LA-2000327 for 787- Aircraft 
 SA-6 LA-2000328 787- 
 SA-6 LA-2000341 CS1 Special Matters 
 SA-6 LA-2000366 for 787- Aircraft 
 SA-6 LA-2001835R1 Certain Special Matters 
 SA-8 LA-22004030 Rights for 787- Aircraft 
 SA-10 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 3 of 4 SA-10 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENTS DATED AS OF Supplemental Agreement No. 1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . September 25, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 2 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . November 1, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 3 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . December 12, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 4 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . April 26, 2019 Supplemental Agreement No. 5. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . October 31, 2019 Supplemental Agreement No. 6. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . February 7, 2020 Supplemental Agreement No. 7. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . March 20, 2020 Supplemental Agreement No. 8 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . June 30, 2020 Supplemental Agreement No. 9 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . February 26, 2021 Supplemental Agreement No. 10 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . August 25 , 2022 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 4 of 4 SA-10 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Table 1 to Purchase Agreement No. 04815 
 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 787- Aircraft Subject of Rights Letter # UAL-PA-04815-LA-22004030 
 (787- 

 Airframe Model MTOW 787- pounds 1 Detail Specification Engine Model Thrust pounds 2 Airframe Price Base Year Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Formula Features 3 Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Airframe Data Engine Price (Per Aircraft) 2 Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Engine Data Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) Estimate 3 Base Year Index (ECI) Deposit per Aircraft 4 Base Year Index (CPI) # of Aircraft Delivery Date Number of Aircraft Factor (Airframe) Factor (Engine) Forecast Manufacturer Serial Number++ Estimate Base Price Per A P Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Prior to Delivery) Total 1 Purchased MTOW is lbs. 2 3 4 ++ Manufacturer Serial Numbers are 
 UAL-PA-04815 APR 119891 Boeing Proprietary 787- Table 1 SA-10 , Page 1 

PA EXA# 
 
 787- AIRCRAFT CONFIGURATION 
 
 between 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 
 and 
 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 

Exhibit A to Purchase Agreement Number 04815 for 

787- Aircraft with (SA-10) 
 
 (Updated) 

P.A. No. 04815 A SA-10 
 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Exhibit A to Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Page 2 

AIRCRAFT CONFIGURATION 

relating to 

BOEING MODEL 787- AIRCRAFT 
 (UPDATED TO CONFIGURATION AT DATE OF EXECUTION OF SA-10) 

The Detail Specification is Boeing document entitled Detail specification . The Detail Specification provides further description of Customer s configuration set forth in this Exhibit A and . As soon as practicable, Boeing will furnish to Customer copies of the Detail Specification, which copies will reflect such . 
 
 There is . 

P.A. No. 04815 A SA-10 
 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Exhibit A to Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Page 3 

Number 
 Title Price Per Aircraft 
 TOTAL 
 TOTAL 

P.A. No. 04815 A SA-10 
 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

BUYER FURNISHED EQUIPMENT VARIABLES 
 
 between 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 
 and 
 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 
 Supplemental Exhibit BFE1 
 to Purchase Agreement Number 04815 

UAL-PA-04815-BFE1 787- SA-10, Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Exhibit A to Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Page 2 

BUYER FURNISHED EQUIPMENT VARIABLES 
 
 relating to 
 
 BOEING MODEL 787- AIRCRAFT 
 
 This Supplemental Exhibit BFE1 contains supplier selection dates, on-dock dates and other requirements applicable to the Aircraft. 
 1. Supplier Selection . 
 Customer will select and notify Boeing of the suppliers and part numbers of the following BFE items 

Customer Boeing to complete all necessary actions including, but not limited to, the Initial Technical Coordination Meeting ITCM ). 
 2. On-dock Dates and Other Information . 
 Boeing will provide to Customer the BFE requirements, electronically in My Boeing Fleet MBF through My Boeing Configuration MBC or by other means, setting forth relating to the in-sequence installation of BFE. These requirements may be periodically revised by Boeing. Customer s and Boeing s and set forth in Exhibit A to the AGTA apply to the BFE requirements in this Supplemental Exhibit BFE1. For planning purposes, the Aircraft s BFE and the for all BFE items are provided below. Such dates are subject to change based on the dates negotiated and agreed to at the ITCM. 
 The below Completion Date represents the of the by when the specific milestone must be completed to support the BFE program. 
 Customer s Aircraft BFE Class and Milestones Aircraft Delivery Only) 
 Milestone Completion Date Comments 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-BFE1 787- SA-10, Page 2 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Exhibit A to Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Page 3 

Preliminary On-Dock for All BFE Items 
 (Note All requirements are set forth below. If a month is listed, then the due date is the of the . If no date is listed, then there is no requirement.) 

3. Additional Delivery Requirements - Import . 
 Customer will be the importer of record (as defined by U.S. Customs and Border Protection) for all BFE imported into the United States, and as such, it has the responsibility to ensure all of Customer s BFE shipments comply with U.S. Customs Service regulations. 
 UAL-PA-04815-BFE1 787- SA-10, Page 3 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

787 CUSTOMER SUPPORT DOCUMENT 
 
 between 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 
 and 
 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL EXHIBIT CS1 to PURCHASE AGREEMENT NUMBER 04815 
 
 This document contains 
 
 Part 1 Boeing Maintenance and Flight Training Programs Operations Engineering Support 
 Part 2 Field and Engineering Support Services 
 Part 3 Technical Information and Materials 
 Part 4 Alleviation or Cessation of Performance 
 Part 5 Protection of Proprietary Information and Proprietary Materials 
 
 P. A. No. 04815 CS1 Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

787 CUSTOMER SUPPORT DOCUMENT 
 
 PART 1 BOEING MAINTENANCE AND FLIGHT TRAINING 
 PROGRAMS OPERATIONS ENGINEERING SUPPORT 
 
 1. Boeing Training Programs . 
 Boeing will provide maintenance training, cabin attendant training, and flight training programs to support the introduction of the Aircraft into service as provided in this Supplemental Exhibit CS1. 
 1.a To date, Customer has been awarded training points Training Points for 787 Aircraft as follows 
 PRIOR TO SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT NO. 10 TO THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT Points Awarded Purchase Agreement No. 2484 Purchase Agreement No. 3860 Purchase Agreement No. 4815 Total Training Points Awarded to Customer under all 787 Purchase Agreements Prior to 
 Less Training Points Utilized through 
 Balance at 
 Training Points Awarded for 787- Aircraft 
 Balance at effective date of Supplemental Agreement No. 10 
 At any time before after delivery of Customer s last Aircraft Training Program Period Customer Training Points for any of the training courses described on Attachment A at the described on Attachment A. At the end of the Training Program Period . 
 2. Training Schedule and Curricula . 
 3.a. Customer and Boeing will together define and schedule a mutually acceptable plan for the programs. At the conclusion of each planning discussion the parties will document Customer s course selection and training requirements, . 
 3.b. Customer may also request training by written notice to Boeing identifying desired courses, dates and locations. Within of Boeing s receipt of such request Boeing will provide written response to Customer confirming whether the requested courses are available at the times and locations requested by Customer. 
 3. Location of Training . 
 4.a. Boeing will conduct at any of its appropriately equipped training facilities. Customer will decide on the location or mix of locations for training, subject to space being available in the desired courses at the selected training facility on the dates desired. 
 P. A. No. 04815 SA-10 Part 1 of CS1, Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

4.b. If requested by Customer, Boeing will conduct training (except and courses designated with a on Attachment A) at a , subject to the following conditions 
 3.2.iCustomer will provide acceptable classroom space and training equipment required to present the courses 
 3.2.iiCustomer Boeing s for lodging, ground transportation, laundry, baggage handling, communication costs and per diem meal charge for each Boeing instructor for each day, or fraction thereof, that the instructor is away from his home location, including travel time 
 3.2.iiiCustomer Boeing for of of training Materials which must be shipped to the alternate training site 
 3.2.ivCustomer by Boeing and its employees Boeing s providing training at the alternate site or and 
 3.2.vCustomer , if any, which of such alternate site. 
 4. Training Materials . 
 Training Materials will be provided for each student. Training Materials may be used only for (i) the individual student s reference during Boeing provided training and for review thereafter and (ii) Customer s provision of training to individuals directly employed by Customer. 
 5. Additional Terms and Conditions . 
 5.a All training will reflect an airplane configuration defined by (i) Boeing s standard configuration specification for 787 aircraft, (ii) Boeing s standard configuration specification for the minor model of 787 aircraft selected by Customer, and (iii) any features selected by Customer from Boeing s standard catalog of features. Upon Customer s request, Boeing may provide training customized to reflect other elements of Customer s Aircraft configuration subject to a and other applicable terms and conditions. 
 5.b All training will be provided in the English language. If translation is required, Customer will provide interpreters. Customer in Boeing s standard course length to accommodate translation and . 
 5.c Customer of Customer s personnel. Boeing Customer's personnel between their local lodging and Boeing's training facility. 
 5.d Boeing personnel will not be required to work more than will be spent in actual flying Pilot Day ). These foregoing restrictions will not apply to ferry flight assistance or revenue service training services, which will be governed by FAA rules and regulations. 
 5.e Normal Line Maintenance is defined as line maintenance that Boeing might reasonably be expected to furnish for flight crew training at Boeing s facility, and ground support and Aircraft storage in the open, but provision of spare parts. Boeing will provide Normal Line Maintenance services for any Aircraft while the Aircraft is used for at Boeing s facility in accordance with the and the Repair Station Operation and . Customer if is conducted elsewhere. Regardless of the location of such training, Customer all maintenance items (other than those included in Normal Line Maintenance) required during the training, including, but not limited to, . 
 5.f If the training is based at Boeing s facility and the Aircraft is damaged during such training, Boeing to the Aircraft as promptly as possible. Customer . If Boeing s , Boeing and Customer will . 
 5.g If the flight training is based at Boeing s facility, several airports in the surrounding area may be used, at Boeing s option. Unless otherwise agreed in the flight training 
 P. A. No. 04815 SA-10 Part 1 of CS1, Page 2 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

planning conference, it will be Customer s responsibility to make arrangements for the use of such airports. 
 5.h If Boeing agrees to make arrangements on behalf of Customer for the use of airports for flight training, Boeing with the flight training. At least before flight training, Customer against which to Customer approximately sixty (60) days after flight training is completed, when all have been received and verified. Customer to Boeing within of the date . 
 5.i If requested by Boeing, in order to provide the flight training or ferry flight assistance, Customer will make available to Boeing an Aircraft after delivery to familiarize Boeing instructor or ferry flight crew personnel with such Aircraft. If flight of the Aircraft is required for any Boeing instructor or ferry flight crew member to maintain an FAA license for flight proficiency or landing currency, Boeing will be responsible for the costs of fuel, oil, landing fees and spare parts attributable to that portion of the flight. 
 
 P. A. No. 04815 SA-10 Part 1 of CS1, Page 3 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

787 CUSTOMER SUPPORT DOCUMENT 
 
 PART 2 FIELD AND ENGINEERING SUPPORT SERVICES 
 
 1. Field Service Representation . 
 Boeing will furnish field service representation to advise Customer with respect to the maintenance and operation of the Aircraft Field Service Representatives ). 
 1.a Field service representation will be available at or near Customer s main maintenance or engineering facility beginning before the scheduled delivery of the first Aircraft and ending after delivery of the last Aircraft covered by a specific purchase agreement. 
 1.b Customer will provide, to Boeing, suitable enclosed office space with walls and a lockable door that is separated from other OEMs and the airline, located at the Customer s facility or other site as mutually agreed. Customer will provide the necessary infrastructure (i.e. local area network LAN lines) to enable wired high-speed internet capability in the office. As required, Customer will assist each Field Service Representative with visas, work permits, customs, mail handling, identification passes and formal introduction to local airport authorities. 
 1.c Boeing s Field Service Representatives are assigned to various airports and other locations around the world. Whenever Customer s Aircraft are operating through any such airport, the services of Boeing s Field Service Representatives are available to Customer. 
 2. Engineering Support Services . 
 3.a. Boeing will, if requested by Customer, provide technical advisory assistance from the Puget Sound area or a base designated by Customer as appropriate for any Aircraft or Boeing Product (as defined in Part 1 of Exhibit C of the AGTA). Technical advisory assistance provided will include 
 i.Analysis of the information provided by Customer to determine the probable nature and cause of operational problems and a suggestion of possible solutions. 
 ii.Analysis of the information provided by Customer to determine the nature and cause of unsatisfactory schedule reliability and a suggestion of possible solutions. 
 iii.Analysis of the information provided by Customer to determine the nature and cause of unsatisfactory maintenance costs and a suggestion of possible solutions. 
 iv.Analysis and commentary on Customer s engineering releases relating to structural repairs Boeing s Structural Repair Manual including those repairs requiring advanced composite structure design. 
 v.Analysis and commentary on Customer s engineering proposals for changes in, or replacement of, systems, parts, accessories or equipment manufactured to Boeing s detailed design. Boeing will not analyze or comment on any major structural change unless Customer s request for such analysis and comment includes complete detailed drawings, substantiating information (including any information required by applicable government agencies), all stress or other appropriate analyses, and a specific statement from Customer of the substance of the review and the response requested. 
 vi. Maintenance Engineering . Boeing will provide the following Maintenance Engineering support 
 2.1.6.1 Maintenance Planning Assistance . Upon request, Boeing will provide assistance in identifying the impact to Customer s maintenance program resulting from 
 P. A. No. 04815 SA-10 Part 2 of CS1, Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

minor model differences between the Aircraft and an aircraft of the same model currently operated by Customer. 
 2.1.6.2 ETOPS Maintenance Planning Assistance . Upon request, Boeing will provide assistance in identifying the impact to Customer s ETOPS maintenance program resulting from minor model differences between the Aircraft and an aircraft of the same model currently operated by Customer. 
 2.1.6.3 GSE Shops Tooling Consulting . Upon request, Boeing will provide assistance to Customer in identifying the impact to Customer s maintenance tools and ground support equipment resulting from the minor model differences between the Aircraft and an aircraft of the same model currently operated by Customer. 
 vii. Flight Operations Engineering Support . Boeing will provide the following Flight Operations Engineering support 
 1. Assistance with the analysis and preparation of performance data to be used in establishing operating practices and policies for Customer s operation of Aircraft. 
 2. Assistance with interpretation of the minimum equipment list, the definition of the configuration deviation list and the analysis of individual Aircraft performance. 
 3. Assistance with solving operational problems associated with delivery and route-proving flights. 
 4. Information regarding significant service items relating to Aircraft performance or flight operations. 
 5. If requested by Customer, Boeing will provide operations engineering support during the ferry flight of an Aircraft. Such support will be provided from the Puget Sound area or from an alternate location, at Boeing s sole discretion. 
 6. Assistance in developing an Extended Operations ETOPs plan for regulatory approval. 
 7. Flight Operations Services . Boeing will revise, as applicable, flight data, documents and software provided with previously delivered aircraft. 
 8. Spares . Boeing will revise, as applicable, the customized Recommended Spares Parts List RSPL ). 
 3.b. Post Delivery Service Support . Boeing will, if requested by Customer, perform work on an Aircraft after delivery but prior to the initial departure flight or upon the return of the Aircraft to Boeing s facility prior to completion of that flight. The following conditions will apply to Boeing s performance 
 i.Boeing may rely upon the commitment authority of the Customer s personnel requesting the work. 
 ii.As , the insurance provisions of Article 8.2 of the AGTA . 
 iii.The provisions of the Boeing warranty in Part 2 of Exhibit C of the AGTA apply. 
 iv.Customer Boeing for requested work the Boeing warranty, if any. 
 v.The DISCLAIMER AND RELEASE and EXCLUSION OF CONSEQUENTIAL AND OTHER DAMAGES provisions in Article 11 of Part 2 of Exhibit C of the AGTA apply. 
 3.c. Boeing may, at Customer s request, provide other than those described in Articles 2.1 and 2.2 of this Part 2 of Supplemental Exhibit CS1 for an Aircraft after delivery, which may include, but not be limited to, . Such will be subject to . The DISCLAIMER AND RELEASE and the EXCLUSION OF CONSEQUENTIAL AND OTHER 
 P. A. No. 04815 SA-10 Part 2 of CS1, Page 2 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

DAMAGES provisions in Article 11 of Part 2 of Exhibit C of the AGTA and the insurance provisions in Article 8.2 of the AGTA will apply to any such work. any such Aircraft will always remain with Customer. 
 P. A. No. 04815 SA-10 Part 2 of CS1, Page 3 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

787 CUSTOMER SUPPORT DOCUMENT 
 
 PART 3 TECHNICAL INFORMATION AND MATERIALS 
 
 1. General . 
 Materials are defined as any and all items that are created by Boeing or a third party, which are provided directly or indirectly from Boeing and serve primarily to contain, convey or embody information. Materials may include either tangible embodiments (for example, documents or drawings), or intangible embodiments (for example, software and other electronic forms) of information but excludes Aircraft Software. Aircraft Software is defined as software that is installed on and used in the operation of the Aircraft. 
 Customer Information is defined as that data provided by Customer to Boeing which falls into one of the following categories (i) aircraft operational information (including, but not limited to, flight hours, departures, schedule reliability, engine hours, number of aircraft, aircraft registries, landings, and daily utilization and schedule interruptions for Boeing model aircraft) (ii) summary and detailed shop findings data (iii) aircraft readiness log data (iv) non-conformance reports (v) line maintenance data (vi) airplane message data, (vii) scheduled maintenance data (viii) service bulletin incorporation and (ix) aircraft data generated or received by equipment installed on Customer s aircraft in analog or digital form including but not limited to information regarding the state, condition, performance, location, setting, or path of the aircraft and associated systems, sub-systems and components 
 Upon execution by Customer of Boeing s standard form Customer Services General Terms Agreement, Supplemental Agreement for Electronic Access and, as required, the applicable Boeing licensed software order, Boeing will provide to Customer through electronic access certain Materials to support the maintenance and operation of the Aircraft. Such Materials will, if applicable, be prepared generally in accordance with Aerospace Industries Association Specification 1000D S1000D and Air Transport Association of America ATA iSpec 2200, entitled Information Standards for Aviation Maintenance. Materials not covered by iSpec 2200 will be provided in a structure suitable for the Material s intended use. Materials will be in English and in the units of measure used by Boeing to manufacture an Aircraft. 
 2. Technical Data and Maintenance Information . 
 Boeing will provide technical data and maintenance information equivalent to that traditionally provided by Boeing to Customer. Boeing (i) will provide such data and information through electronic access or other means, and (ii) reserves the right to change the format of such data and information, both at its sole discretion. Boeing may elect to fulfill this obligation by revising, as applicable, previously provided technical data and maintenance information. 
 3. Advance Representative Materials . 
 Boeing will select all advance representative Materials from available sources and whenever possible will provide them through electronic access. Such advance Materials will be for advance planning purposes only. 
 4. Maintenance Engineering Materials . 
 All Materials will reflect the configuration of each Aircraft as delivered. 
 5. Revisions . 
 5.a The schedule for updating certain Materials will be identified in the planning conference. Such updates will reflect changes to Materials developed by Boeing. 
 P. A. No. 04815 SA-10 Part 3 of CS1, Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

5.b If Boeing receives written notice that Customer intends to incorporate, or has incorporated, any Boeing service bulletin in an Aircraft, Boeing will update Materials reflecting the effects of such incorporation into such Aircraft. 
 6. Supplier Technical Data . 
 6.a For supplier-manufactured programmed airborne avionics components and equipment classified as Seller Furnished Equipment SFE which contain computer software designed and developed in accordance with Radio Technical Commission for Aeronautics Document No. RTCA DO-178B dated December 1, 1992 (with an errata issued on March 26, 1999), or later as available, Boeing will request that each supplier of the components and equipment make software documentation available to Customer. 
 6.b The provisions of this Article will not be applicable to items of BFE. 
 6.c Prior to the scheduled of the first Aircraft, Boeing will furnish to Customer copies of the documents which identify the terms and conditions of the product support agreements between Boeing and its suppliers Product Support and Assurance Agreements PSAA ). 
 7. Buyer Furnished Equipment Data . 
 Boeing will incorporate BFE maintenance information, as applicable, into the configured Materials providing Customer makes the information available to Boeing at least prior to the scheduled delivery of each Aircraft. Boeing will incorporate such BFE maintenance information into the Materials prior to delivery of each Aircraft reflecting the configuration of that Aircraft as delivered. Upon Customer s request, Boeing may provide update service to such information subject to the terms of Part 2, Article 2.3 relating to Additional Services. Customer agrees to furnish all BFE maintenance information in Boeing s standard digital format, ATA Spec 2000. 
 8. Customer s Shipping Address . 
 From time to time Boeing may furnish certain Materials or updates to Materials by means other than electronic access. Customer will specify a single address and Customer will promptly notify Boeing of any change to that address. Boeing of the Materials. Customer is . 
 P. A. No. 04815 SA-10 Part 3 of CS1, Page 2 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

787 CUSTOMER SUPPORT DOCUMENT 
 
 PART 4 ALLEVIATION OR CESSATION OF PERFORMANCE 
 
 Boeing will not be required to provide any Materials, services, training or other things at a facility designated by Customer if any of the following conditions exist and those conditions would prevent Boeing form performing its services or make the performance of such services impracticable or inadvisable 
 1. a labor stoppage or dispute in progress involving Customer 
 2. wars or warlike operations, riots or insurrections in the country where the facility is located 
 3. any condition at the facility which, in the opinion of Boeing, is detrimental to the general health, welfare or safety of its personnel or their families 
 4. the United States Government refuses permission to Boeing personnel or their families to enter into the country where the facility is located, or recommends that Boeing personnel or their families leave the country or 
 5. the United States Government refuses permission to Boeing to deliver Materials, services, training or other things to the country where the facility is located. 
 After the location of Boeing personnel at the facility, Boeing further reserves the right, upon the occurrence of any of such events, to immediately and without prior notice to Customer relocate its personnel and their families. 
 
 P. A. No. 04815 SA-10 Part 4 of CS1, Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

787 CUSTOMER SUPPORT DOCUMENT 
 
 PART 5 PROTECTION OF PROPRIETARY INFORMATION AND PROPRIETARY MATERIALS 
 
 1. General . 
 All Materials provided by Boeing to Customer and not covered by a Boeing CSGTA or other agreement between Boeing and Customer defining Customer s right to use and disclose the Materials and included information will be covered by and subject to the terms of the AGTA as amended by the terms of the Purchase Agreement. Title to all Materials containing, conveying or embodying confidential, proprietary or trade secret information Proprietary Information belonging to Boeing or a third party Proprietary Materials ), will at all times remain with Boeing or such third party. Customer will treat all Proprietary Materials and all Proprietary Information in confidence and use and disclose the same only as specifically authorized in the AGTA as amended by the terms of the Purchase Agreement, or the CSGTA, and except to the extent required by the law. 
 2. License Grant . 
 3.a. Boeing grants to Customer a license to use and disclose Proprietary Materials in accordance with the terms and conditions of the AGTA as amended by the terms of the Purchase Agreement. Customer is authorized to make copies of Materials (except for Materials bearing the copyright legend of a third party), and all copies of Proprietary Materials will belong to Boeing and be treated as Proprietary Materials under the AGTA as amended by the terms of the Purchase Agreement. Customer will preserve all proprietary legends, and all copyright notices on all Materials and insure the inclusion of those legends and notices on all copies. 
 3.b. Customer grants to Boeing a license to use and disclose Customer Information in Boeing data and information products and services provided indicia identifying Customer Information as originating from Customer is removed from such Customer Information. This grant is in addition to any other grants of rights in the agreements governing provision of such information to Boeing regardless of whether that information is identified as Customer Information in such agreement. 
 3. Use of Proprietary Materials and Proprietary Information . 
 Customer is authorized to use Proprietary Materials and Proprietary Information for the purpose of (a) operation, maintenance, repair, or modification of Customer s Aircraft for which the Proprietary Materials and Proprietary Information have been specified by Boeing and (b) development and manufacture of training devices and maintenance tools for use by Customer. 
 4. Providing of Proprietary Materials to Contractors . 
 Customer is authorized to provide Proprietary Materials to Customer s contractors for the sole purpose of maintenance, repair, or modification of Customer s Aircraft for which the Proprietary Materials have been specified by Boeing. In addition, Customer may provide Proprietary Materials to Customer s contractors for the sole purpose of developing and manufacturing training devices and maintenance tools for Customer s use. Before providing Proprietary Materials to its contractor, Customer will first obtain a written agreement from the contractor by which the contractor agrees (a) to use the Proprietary Materials only on behalf of Customer, (b) to be bound by all of the restrictions and limitations of this Part 5, and (c) that Boeing is a third party beneficiary under the written agreement. Customer agrees to provide copies of all such written agreements to Boeing upon request and be liable to Boeing for any breach of those agreements by a contractor. A sample agreement acceptable to Boeing is attached as Appendix VII to the AGTA. 
 5. Providing of Proprietary Materials and Proprietary Information to Regulatory Agencies . 
 P. A. No. 04815 SA-10 Part 5 of CS1, Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

5.a When and to the extent required by a government regulatory agency having jurisdiction over Customer or an Aircraft, Customer is authorized to provide Proprietary Materials and to disclose Proprietary Information to the agency for use in connection with Customer s operation, maintenance, repair, or modification of such Aircraft. Customer agrees to take all reasonable steps to prevent the agency from making any distribution, disclosure, or additional use of the Proprietary Materials and Proprietary Information provided or disclosed. Customer further agrees to notify Boeing immediately upon learning of any (a) distribution, disclosure, or additional use by the agency, (b) request to the agency for distribution, disclosure, or additional use, or (c) intention on the part of the agency to distribute, disclose, or make additional use of Proprietary Materials or Proprietary Information. 
 In the event of an Aircraft or Aircraft systems-related incident, the Customer to Customer Information pertaining to its Aircraft or fleet. . 
 
 P. A. No. 04815 SA-10 Part 5 of CS1, Page 2 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

787 CUSTOMER SUPPORT DOCUMENT 
 ATTACHMENT A 
 787 
 Revision Date 

P. A. No. 04815 SA-10 Att. A to CS1, Page1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124 2207 

 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R3 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Special Matters 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement will have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. This Letter Agreement replaces and supersedes Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R2, dated February 7, 2020, in its entirety. 
 1. 
 1.a. 787- . 
 In consideration of Customer's purchase of 787-8 Aircraft, Boeing at the time of delivery of each 787- Aircraft and 787- Aircraft, to Customer The is subject to the as at the time of delivery. may to at the time of delivery for such Aircraft, or for the of Boeing and , but on Aircraft. 
 1.b. 787- . 
 In consideration of Customer's purchase of 787- Aircraft, Boeing at the time of delivery of each 787- Aircraft and 787- Aircraft, to Customer . The is subject to the as at the time of delivery. may to at the time of delivery for such Aircraft, or for the of Boeing and , but on Aircraft. 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R3 SA-10 Special Matters Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

1.c. 787- . 
 In consideration of Customer's purchase of 787- Aircraft, Boeing at the time of delivery of each 787- Aircraft and 787- Aircraft, to Customer . The is subject to the as at the time of delivery. may at the time of delivery for such Aircraft, or for the of Boeing and , but on Aircraft. 
 1.d. 
 Boeing to Customer a . 
 2. 
 3. 
 4. 
 5. for the 787- Aircraft . 
 
 6. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894 entitled Assignment Matters , the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R3 SA-10 Special Matters Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

7. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 entitled Privileged and Confidential Matters . 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date August , 2022 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R3 SA-10 Special Matters Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A 
 Section 4.1 (ii) 787- Aircraft 

Attachment A to UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R3 SA-10 Special Matters Att. A, Page 1 of 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment B 
 Section 4.2 787- Aircraft 

Attachment B to UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R3 SA-10 Special Matters Att. B, Page 1 of 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124 2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802891R1 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject 
 Reference Purchase Agreement 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. This Letter Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802891 dated February 7, 2020 
 1. Definitions . 
 Notice means the written communication provided by Boeing to Customer in accordance with the requirements of Article 4.1, below. 
 Aircraft will have the meaning specified in Letter Agreement NumberUAL-PA-04815-LA-1802897, as amended, relating to Aircraft. 
 Program Aircraft means each Aircraft specified in each Table 1 of the Purchase Agreement as of the date of this Letter Agreement and any Aircraft for which Customer has . 
 2. Applicability . 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Purchase Agreement to the contrary, the parties agree that the for each Program Aircraft shall be determined in accordance with this Letter Agreement. 
 3. Forecast . 
 Boeing will release an forecast in of each year based on Boeing s then current standard . Only one forecast shall be used to conduct the analysis performed in accordance with Article 4.1, below, for a given Program Aircraft. The forecast applicable to a given Program Aircraft is set forth in Attachment A. 
 4. 
 4.a 
 4.1.i 
 4.1.ii 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802891R1 SA-10 
 Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

4.1.iii 
 4.1.ivIn the event that Boeing either the Notice as detailed in Article 4.1.2 or Article 4.1.3 and Customer , then Customer the Purchase Agreement with respect to such affected Program Aircraft. 
 4.b If Boeing provides Customer the described in Article 4.1.2 or Article 4.1.3 above, then Customer shall notify Boeing contained in Articles 4.1.2, 4.1.3, or 4.1.4 above within days of its receipt of the Notice from Boeing. In the event Customer in accordance with Article 4.1.4 above, then Boeing to Customer, for the Program Aircraft. 
 i.Within days of Boeing s receipt of notice for any such Program Aircraft under Article 4.2 above, Boeing by written notice to Customer to related to such Program Aircraft , by Customer. 
 ii.Should Customer any notice to Boeing in accordance with Article 4.2 above, then the for such Program Aircraft shall be in accordance with Article 4.1.2. 
 4.c In the event that the of a Program Aircraft that is subject to either Article 4.1.1, Article 4.1.2 or Article 4.1.3 above, applicable to such Program Aircraft will be determined pursuant to Article 5 below. 
 5. 
 6. 
 7. 
 , identified in the Purchase Agreement as subject to pursuant to Supplemental Exhibit AE1, and which pertains to the Program Aircraft shall be . 
 8. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894 entitled Assignment Matters , the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802891R1 SA-10 
 Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

9. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 entitled Privileged and Confidential Matters . 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802891R1 SA-10 
 Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802891R1 SA-10 
 Page 4 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date August , 2022 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802891R1 SA-10 
 Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A 
 Forecast & Notice Date 
 
 Forecast 
 Applicable to Program Aircraft Delivering in Time Period Notice Date 
 
 Attachment A to UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802891R1 SA-10 
 Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ATTACHMENT B 

Attachment B to UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802891R1 SA-10 
 Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R4 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Matters 
 References 1) Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft and 
 2) Aircraft General Terms Agreement dated as of October 10, 1997 between the parties, identified as AGTA-CAL AGTA 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. The Purchase Agreement incorporates the terms and conditions of the AGTA. This Letter Agreement modifies certain terms and conditions of the AGTA with respect to the Aircraft. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement will have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement or the AGTA, as the context requires. This Letter Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R3 dated February 26, 2021. 
 1. 
 2. 
 3. Rights . 
 3.a Customer agrees that . 
 3.b In the event Boeing to Boeing pursuant to Article 3.1, absent instruction from Boeing to the contrary, Customer shall, under the Purchase Agreement as amended by this Letter Agreement. Customer will . 
 3.c For all purposes of this paragraph 3, including without limitation, notice, or any other application, . Boeing expressly reserves all of its rights and remedies under any agreement and applicable law. 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R4 SA-10 
 Matters Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

4. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894 entitled Assignment Matters , the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 5. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 entitled Privileged and Confidential Matters . 
 If the foregoing correctly sets forth your understanding of our agreement with respect to the matters treated above, please indicate your acceptance and approval below. 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R4 SA-10 
 Matters Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date August , 2022 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R4 SA-10 
 Matters Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-22004030 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Rights for 787- Aircraft 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used and not defined in this Letter Agreement have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 1. In response to Customer s , Boeing is to 787- aircraft 787- Aircraft) specified in Attachment 1 to this Letter Agreement as follows 
 1.a If Customer desires of the 787- Aircraft, then Customer must provide written notice to Boeing by a date that is Approval Deadline of its of the 787- Aircraft (Such notice referred to herein as a Notice and the 787 Aircraft are defined as the 787 Aircraft ). 
 1.1.iIf Customer provides a Notice pursuant to Section 1.1 above prior to the Approval Deadline in respect of the 787 Aircraft, then with respect to the 787 Aircraft 
 1.1.1.1 The rights and obligations of both parties will in respect of 787 Aircraft. 
 1.1.1.2 Boeing will the of 787 Aircraft. 
 1.1.1.3 Boeing will the 787- and Customer obligations for (i) obligations (ii) at aircraft delivery or (iii) Customer s of Boeing and . 
 1.b Unless Customer provides Boeing with a Notice by the Approval Deadline 
 i.The for each 787- Aircraft will be due according to the payment schedule included in Attachment 1 to this Letter Agreement and 
 ii.Each 787- Aircraft shall be deemed a 787- Aircraft for all purposes of the Purchase Agreement including the Letter Agreement entitled Special Matters . The parties will deem Attachment 1 to be a supplement to the Table 1 in effect at the date of this Letter Agreement without further Purchase Agreement revision being required. For administrative convenience, a compilation of Table 1 to the Purchase 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-22004030 
 Rights 787- Aircraft Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Agreement to formally incorporate the Attachment 1 revisions can be prepared if requested by either party. 
 2. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890. 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-22004030 
 Rights 787- Aircraft Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date August 25, 2022 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-22004030 
 Rights 787- Aircraft Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment 1 to Rights Letter # UAL-PA-04815-LA-22004030 
 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 787- Aircraft 
 (787- 

 Airframe Model MTOW 787- pounds 1 Detail Specification Engine Model Thrust pounds 2 Airframe Price Base Year Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Formula Features 3 Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Airframe Data Engine Price (Per Aircraft) 2 Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Engine Data Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) Estimate 3 Base Year Index (ECI) Deposit per Aircraft 4 Base Year Index (CPI) # of Aircraft Delivery Date Number of Aircraft Factor (Airframe) Factor (Engine) Forecast Manufacturer Serial Number++ Estimate Base Price Per A P Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Prior to Delivery) Total 1 Purchased MTOW is lbs. 2 3 4 ++ Manufacturer Serial Numbers are 
 UAL-PA-04815 APR 119891 Boeing Proprietary 787- Table 1 SA-10 , Page 1 

</EX-10.102>

<EX-10.103>
 18
 ual_12312210kex10103.htm
 EX-10.103

Document 
 Exhibit 10.103 
 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. OMITTED INFORMATION HAS BEEN REPLACED WITH ASTERISKS. 

 SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT NO. 11 to 
 PURCHASE AGREEMENT NUMBER 04815 
 between 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 and 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 relating to 
 BOEING MODEL 787 AIRCRAFT 
 THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT No. 11 SA-11 is entered into as of September 27, 2022 by and between The Boeing Company, a Delaware corporation, Boeing and United Airlines, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Customer 
 WHEREAS, Customer and Boeing entered into Purchase Agreement No. 04815 dated as of the 31st day of May of 2018 as amended and supplemented Purchase Agreement ), relating to the purchase and sale of Model 787 aircraft. This Supplemental Agreement is an amendment to the Purchase Agreement and 
 WHEREAS, solely to conform and further amend the Purchase Agreement to reflect Customer and Boeing s agreement to (i) provide Customer with regarding the 787- Aircraft and (ii) ensure Customer engagement in of the 787- Aircraft. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties agree to amend the Purchase Agreement as follows 
 1. Table of Contents . 
 The Table of Contents is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the attached Table of Contents (identified by SA-11 ). 
 2. Letter Agreement . 
 Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA- 22004030 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA- 22004030R1 entitled Rights for 787- Aircraft (identified by SA-11 to (i) the Approval Deadline as that term is defined in such letter agreement and (ii) ensure Customer engagement for of the 787- Aircraft. 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-11 Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Purchase Agreement will be deemed supplemented to the extent provided herein as of the date hereof and as so supplemented will continue in full force and effect. 
 The rest of the page is intentionally blank. Signature page follows. 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-11 Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

EXECUTED IN DUPLICATE as of the day and year first written above. 

THE BOEING COMPANY UNITED AIRLINES, INC. s Irma L. Krueger s Gerald Laderman Signature Signature Irma. L. Krueger 
 Gerald Laderman Printed Name Printed Name 
 Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Title Title 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-11 Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 ARTICLES SA NUMBER 
 Article 1. Quantity, Model and Description Article 2. Delivery Schedule Article 3. Price Article 4. Payment Article 5. Additional Terms TABLE 1. 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-6 1. 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 787- Aircraft) 
 SA-10 1. 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-8 EXHIBITS A 787- Aircraft Configuration 
 SA-6 A1 787- Aircraft Configuration (Updated) 
 SA-10 A2 787- Aircraft Configuration 
 B. Aircraft Delivery Requirements and Responsibilities 
 SUPPLEMENTAL EXHIBITS AE1. Airframe and Features for the 787 Aircraft 
 BFE1. BFE Variables 787- Aircraft 
 SA-10 BFE1. BFE Variables 787- Aircraft 
 SA-6 CS1. Customer Support Document 
 SA-10 EE1. Engine , Engine Warranty and 
 SLP1. Service Life Policy Components 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 1 of 4 SA-11 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED LETTER AGREEMENTS SA NUMBER 
 LA-1802882 Special Matters Relating to COTS Software and End User License Agreements 
 LA-1802883 Installation of Cabin Systems Equipment 
 LA-1802884 Model 787 Post-Delivery Software & Data Loading 
 LA-1802885R1 Aircraft Model 
 Attachment A, 787- Airframe Pricing of Aircraft with 
 Attachment B, 787- with 
 Attachment C, 787- with 
 LA-1802886R3 Special Matters SA-10 LA-1802887 LA-1802888 for 787- Aircraft 
 LA-1802889 Demonstration Flight Waiver LA-1802890 Privileged and Confidential Matters LA-1802891R1 SA-10 LA-1802892 787 Special Terms Seats LA-1802893 AGTA Matters LA-1802894 Assignment Matters LA-1802895R4 Matters 
 SA-10 LA-1802896 Model 787 e- Enabling TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED LETTER AGREEMENTS SA NUMBER 
 LA-1802897 Aircraft 
 Attachment A-1, 787- with Deleted 
 SA-10 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 2 of 4 SA-11 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A-2, 787- with Deleted 
 SA-10 LA-1907123 Other Special Matters 
 SA-5 LA-2000321 Rights for Certain 787 Aircraft 
 SA-6 LA-2000325 for 787- Aircraft 
 SA-6 LA-2000327 for 787- Aircraft 
 SA-6 LA-2000328 787- 
 SA-6 LA-2000341 CS1 Special Matters 
 SA-6 LA-2000366 for 787- Aircraft 
 SA-6 LA-2001835R1 Certain Special Matters 
 SA-8 LA-22004030R1 Rights for 787- Aircraft 
 SA-11 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 3 of 4 SA-11 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENTS DATED AS OF Supplemental Agreement No. 1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . September 25, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 2 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . November 1, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 3 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . December 12, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 4 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . April 26, 2019 Supplemental Agreement No. 5. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . October 31, 2019 Supplemental Agreement No. 6. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . February 7, 2020 Supplemental Agreement No. 7. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . March 20, 2020 Supplemental Agreement No. 8 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . June 30, 2020 Supplemental Agreement No. 9 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . February 26, 2021 Supplemental Agreement No. 10 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . August 25, 2022 Supplemental Agreement No. 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . September 27, 2022 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 4 of 4 SA-11 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-22004030 R1 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Rights for 787- Aircraft 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used and not defined in this Letter Agreement have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. Letter Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-22004030. 
 1. In response to Customer s , Boeing is to 787- aircraft 787- Aircraft) specified in Attachment 1 to this Letter Agreement as follows 
 1.a If Customer desires of the 787- Aircraft, then Customer must provide written notice to Boeing by a date that is Approval Deadline of its of the 787- Aircraft (Such notice referred to herein as a Notice and the 787 Aircraft are defined as the 787 Aircraft ). Due to , such for Approval Deadline requires Customer s active engagement in 787- planned for , e.g., seat Initial Technical Coordination Meeting (often referred to as the ITCM). 
 1.1.iIf Customer provides a Notice pursuant to Section 1.1 above prior to the Approval Deadline in respect of the 787 Aircraft, then with respect to the 787 Aircraft 
 1.1.1.1 The rights and obligations of both parties will in respect of 787 Aircraft. 
 1.1.1.2 Boeing will the of 787 Aircraft. 
 1.1.1.3 Boeing will the 787- and Customer obligations for (i) obligations (ii) at aircraft delivery or (iii) Customer s of Boeing and . 
 1.b Unless Customer provides Boeing with a Notice by the Approval Deadline 
 1.2.iThe for each 787- Aircraft will be due according to the payment schedule included in Attachment 1 to this Letter Agreement and 
 1.2.iiEach 787- Aircraft shall be deemed a 787- Aircraft for all purposes of the Purchase Agreement including the Letter Agreement entitled Special Matters . The parties will deem Attachment 1 to be a supplement to the Table 1 in effect 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-22004030 SA-11 
 Rights 787- Aircraft Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

at the date of this Letter Agreement without further Purchase Agreement revision being required. For administrative convenience, a compilation of Table 1 to the Purchase Agreement to formally incorporate the Attachment 1 revisions can be prepared if requested by either party. 
 2. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890. 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-22004030 SA-11 
 Rights 787- Aircraft Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date September 27, 2022 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-22004030 SA-11 
 Rights 787- Aircraft Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment 1 to Rights Letter # UAL-PA-04815-LA-22004030R1 
 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 787- Aircraft 
 (787- 

 Airframe Model MTOW 787- pounds 1 Detail Specification Engine Model Thrust pounds 2 Airframe Price Base Year Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Formula Features 3 Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Airframe Data Engine Price (Per Aircraft) 2 Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Engine Data Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) Estimate 3 Base Year Index (ECI) Deposit per Aircraft 4 Base Year Index (CPI) # of Aircraft Delivery Date Number of Aircraft Factor (Airframe) Factor (Engine) Forecast Manufacturer Serial Number++ Estimate Base Price Per A P Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Prior to Delivery) Total 10 1 2 3 4 ++ Manufacturer Serial Numbers are 
 UAL-PA-04815 APR 119891 Boeing Proprietary 787- Table 1 SA-11 , Page 1 

</EX-10.103>

<EX-10.104>
 19
 ual_12312210kex10104.htm
 EX-10.104

Document 
 Exhibit 10.104 
 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. OMITTED INFORMATION HAS BEEN REPLACED WITH ASTERISKS. 

 SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT NO. 12 to 
 PURCHASE AGREEMENT NUMBER 04815 
 between 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 and 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 relating to 
 BOEING MODEL 787 AIRCRAFT 
 THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT No. 12 SA-12 is entered into as of December 12, 2022 by and between The Boeing Company, a Delaware corporation, Boeing and United Airlines, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Customer 
 WHEREAS, Customer and Boeing entered into Purchase Agreement No. 04815 dated as of the 31st day of May of 2018 as amended and supplemented Purchase Agreement ), relating to the purchase and sale of Model 787 aircraft. This Supplemental Agreement is an amendment to the Purchase Agreement and 
 WHEREAS, solely to conform and further amend the Purchase Agreement to reflect Customer and Boeing s agreement to 
 (1) Reflect Boeing and Customer s agreement to add 787- Aircraft (these 787- Aircraft and the 787- Aircraft referred to singly and collectively as the SA-12 Aircraft) to the Purchase Agreement, including the economic terms relating to the SA-12 Aircraft 
 (2) Add a supplemental exhibit concerning BFE variables for the SA-12 Aircraft 
 (3) Revise Aircraft rights applicable to the SA-12 Aircraft 
 (4) Revise the economic terms relating to the 787- Aircraft scheduled for delivery in (formerly the 787- Aircraft) 
 (5) Expand certain to apply to the SA-12 Aircraft 
 (6) Modify existing provisions as mutually agreed by the parties 
 (7) Reflect Boeing and Customer s agreement to add certain Aircraft 
 (8) Revise certain 787- Aircraft and 787- Aircraft 
 (9) Provide a new Boeing commitment for of Customer s purchase of the SA-12 Aircraft 
 (10) Provide additional for the SA-12 Aircraft 
 (11) Provide certain in respect of Customer s 
 (12) Provide additional regarding and 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-12 Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Agreement No. 04815 
 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 (787- 

 (13) Provide Customer with needed to define a new applicable to its SA-12 Aircraft. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties agree to amend the Purchase Agreement as follows 
 1. Table of Contents . 
 The Table of Contents is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the attached Table of Contents (identified by SA-12 ). 
 2. Tables. 
 Table 1 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the attached Table 1 entitled 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and (identified by SA-12 to add all the SA-12 Aircraft to the Purchase Agreement. 
 3. Supplemental Exhibit. 
 Supplemental Exhibit BFE1 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the attached Supplemental Exhibit BFE1 entitled BFE Variables 787- Aircraft (identified by SA-12 to provide BFE on dock dates for the SA-12 Aircraft. 
 4. Letter Agreement . 
 4.a. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802885 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802885R1 entitled Aircraft Model (identified by SA-12 to provide the Aircraft model rights relating to the SA-12 Aircraft. 
 4.b. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R3 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R4 entitled Special Matters (identified by SA-12 to provide the economic terms relating to the SA-12 Aircraft, including application of such economic terms to the 787- Aircraft. 
 4.c. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802891R1 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802891R2 entitled (identified by SA-12 to expand its applicability to the SA-12 Aircraft. 
 4.d. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R4 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R5 entitled Matters (identified by SA-12 to modify existing provisions as mutually agreed by the parties. 
 4.e. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802897 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802897R1 entitled Aircraft (identified by SA-12 to add Aircraft. 
 4.f. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000325 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000325R1 entitled for 787- Aircraft (identified by SA-12 to revise certain 787- Aircraft. 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-12 Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Agreement No. 04815 
 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 (787- 

 4.g. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000366 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000366R1 entitled for 787- Aircraft (identified by SA-12 to revise certain 787- Aircraft. 
 4.h. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-22006156 entitled 787 (identified by SA-12 is added to the Purchase Agreement to reflect the provision of Boeing for the SA-12 Aircraft. 
 4.i. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-22006204 entitled 787 (identified by SA-12 is added to the Purchase Agreement to reflect the provision of certain rights for certain of the SA-12 Aircraft. 
 4.j. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-22006226 entitled Matters (identified by SA-12 is added to the Purchase Agreement to reflect the provision of certain of the . 
 4.k. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-22006285 entitled (identified by SA-12 is added to the Purchase Agreement to provide Customer with additional flexibility regarding engine selection. 
 4.l. Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-22006311 entitled 787 Open Matters (identified by SA-12 is added to the Purchase Agreement to provide Customer with needed to configuration applicable to its SA-12 Aircraft. 
 5. Miscellaneous. 
 Boeing and Customer agree that under this SA-12 and shall be after executing this SA-12.The Purchase Agreement will be deemed supplemented to the extent provided herein as of the date hereof and as so supplemented will continue in full force and effect. 
 The rest of the page is intentionally blank. Signature page follows. 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-12 Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Agreement No. 04815 
 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 (787- 

 EXECUTED IN DUPLICATE as of the day and year first written above. 

THE BOEING COMPANY UNITED AIRLINES, INC. s Irma L. Krueger s Gerald Laderman Signature Signature Irma. L. Krueger 
 Gerald Laderman Printed Name Printed Name 
 Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Title Title 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 SA-12 Page 4 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 ARTICLES SA NUMBER 
 Article 1. Quantity, Model and Description Article 2. Delivery Schedule Article 3. Price Article 4. Payment Article 5. Additional Terms TABLE 1. 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-6 1. 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 787- Aircraft) 
 SA-12 1. 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 SA-8 EXHIBITS A 787- Aircraft Configuration 
 SA-6 A1 787- Aircraft Configuration (Updated) 
 SA-10 A2 787- Aircraft Configuration 
 B. Aircraft Delivery Requirements and Responsibilities 
 SUPPLEMENTAL EXHIBITS AE1. Features for the 787 Aircraft 
 BFE1. BFE Variables 787- Aircraft 
 SA-12 BFE1. BFE Variables 787- Aircraft 
 SA-6 CS1. Customer Support Document 
 SA-10 EE1. Engine , Engine Warranty and 
 SLP1. Service Life Policy Components 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 1 of 4 SA-12 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Agreement No. 04815 
 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 (787- 

 LETTER AGREEMENTS SA NUMBER 
 LA-1802882 Special Matters Relating to COTS Software and End User License Agreements 
 LA-1802883 Installation of Cabin Systems Equipment 
 LA-1802884 Model 787 Post-Delivery Software & Data Loading 
 LA-1802885R1 Aircraft Model 
 SA-12 Attachment A, 787- with 
 SA-12 Attachment B, 787- 
 SA-12 Attachment C, 787- Airframe Aircraft with 
 SA-12 LA-1802886R4 Special Matters SA-12 LA-1802887 LA-1802888 for 787- Aircraft 
 LA-1802889 Demonstration Flight Waiver LA-1802890 Privileged and Confidential Matters LA-1802891R2 SA-12 LA-1802892 787 Special Terms Seats LA-1802893 AGTA Matters LA-1802894 Assignment Matters LA-1802895R5 Matters 
 SA-12 LA-1802896 Model 787 e- Enabling TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED LETTER AGREEMENTS SA NUMBER 
 LA-1802897R1 Aircraft 
 SA-12 Attachment A-1 787- with 
 SA-12 Attachment A-2 Additional Aircraft 787- Deleted 
 SA-12 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 2 of 4 SA-12 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Agreement No. 04815 
 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 (787- 

 LA-1907123 Other Special Matters 
 SA-5 LA-2000321 Rights for Certain 787 Aircraft 
 SA-6 LA-2000325R1 for 787- Aircraft 
 SA-12 LA-2000327 for 787- Aircraft 
 SA-6 LA-2000328 787- 
 SA-6 LA-2000341 CS1 Special Matters 
 SA-6 LA-2000366R1 for 787- Aircraft 
 SA-12 LA-2001835R1 Certain Special Matters 
 SA-8 LA-22004030R1 Rights for 787- Aircraft 
 SA-11 LA-22006156 787 
 SA-12 LA-22006204 787 Delivery Matters 
 SA-12 LA-22006226 Training Support 
 SA-12 LA-22006285 
 SA-12 LA-22006311 787 Open Matters 
 SA-12 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 3 of 4 SA-12 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Agreement No. 04815 
 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 (787- 

 SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENTS DATED AS OF Supplemental Agreement No. 1 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . September 25, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 2 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . November 1, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 3 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . December 12, 2018 Supplemental Agreement No. 4 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . April 26, 2019 Supplemental Agreement No. 5. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . October 31, 2019 Supplemental Agreement No. 6. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . February 7, 2020 Supplemental Agreement No. 7. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . March 20, 2020 Supplemental Agreement No. 8 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . June 30, 2020 Supplemental Agreement No. 9 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . February 26, 2021 Supplemental Agreement No. 10 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . August 25, 2022 Supplemental Agreement No. 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . September 27, 2022 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 4 of 4 SA-12 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Agreement No. 04815 
 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 (787- 

 Supplemental Agreement No. 12 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . December 12, 2022 
 
 UAL-PA-04815 Table of Contents, Page 5 of 4 SA-12 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Table 1 to Purchase Agreement No. 04815 
 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 (787- 

 Airframe Model MTOW 787- pounds 1 Detail Specification Engine Model Thrust pounds 2 Airframe Price Base Year Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Formula Features 3 Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Airframe Data Engine Price (Per Aircraft) 2 Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Engine Data Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) 3 Base Year Index (ECI) Deposit per Aircraft 4 Base Year Index (CPI) # of Aircraft Delivery Date Number of Aircraft Factor (Airframe) Factor (Engine) Forecast Manufacturer Serial Number++ Estimate Base Price Per A P Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Prior to Delivery) Total 1 Purchased MTOW is lbs. 2 3 4 ++ Manufacturer Serial Numbers 
 UAL-PA-04815 APR 119891 (1-10), APR 120345 (11-100) Boeing Proprietary 787- Table 1 SA-12, Page 1 

BUYER FURNISHED EQUIPMENT VARIABLES 
 
 between 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 
 and 
 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. 
 
 Supplemental Exhibit BFE1 
 to Purchase Agreement Number 04815 

UAL-PA-04815-BFE1 787- SA-10, Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Table 1 to Purchase Agreement No. 04815 
 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 (787- 

BUYER FURNISHED EQUIPMENT VARIABLES 
 
 relating to 
 
 BOEING MODEL 787- AIRCRAFT 
 
 This Supplemental Exhibit BFE1 contains supplier selection dates, on-dock dates and other requirements applicable to the Aircraft. 
 1. Supplier Selection . 
 Customer will select and notify Boeing of the suppliers and part numbers of the following BFE items 

Customer Boeing to complete all necessary actions including, but not limited to, the Initial Technical Coordination Meeting ITCM ). 
 2. On-dock Dates and Other Information . 
 Boeing will provide to Customer the BFE requirements, electronically in My Boeing Fleet MBF through My Boeing Configuration MBC or by other means, setting forth relating to the in-sequence installation of BFE. These requirements may be periodically revised by Boeing. Customer s and Boeing s and set forth in Exhibit A to the AGTA apply to the BFE requirements in this Supplemental Exhibit BFE1. For planning purposes, the Aircraft s BFE and the on-dock dates for all BFE items are provided below. Such dates are subject to change based on the dates negotiated and agreed to at the ITCM. 
 The below Completion Date represents the of the by when the specific milestone must be completed to support the BFE program. 
 Customer s Aircraft BFE Class and Milestones Aircraft Delivery Only) 
 Milestone Completion Date Comments 

On-Dock for All BFE Items 
 (Note All requirements are set forth below. If a month is listed, then the due date is the of the . If no date is listed, then there is no requirement.) 

UAL-PA-04815-BFE1 787- SA-10, Page 2 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Table 1 to Purchase Agreement No. 04815 
 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 (787- 

3. Additional Delivery Requirements - Import . 
 Customer will be the importer of record (as defined by U.S. Customs and Border Protection) for all BFE imported into the United States, and as such, it has the responsibility to ensure all of Customer s BFE shipments comply with U.S. Customs Service regulations. 
 UAL-PA-04815-BFE1 787- SA-10, Page 3 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A to Aircraft Model Letter UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802885 
 (787- 

 Airframe Model MTOW 787- pounds 1 Configuration Specification Engine Model Thrust pounds 2 Airframe Price Base Year Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Formula Features 3 Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Airframe Data Engine Price (Per Aircraft) 2 Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Engine Data In-Flight Entertainment (IFE) Estimate 3 Base Year Index (ECI) LIFT Seats Provided by Boeing (Estimate) Base Year Index (CPI) 1 2 3 
 UAL-PA-04815 120344-1F.txt Boeing Proprietary Page 1 

Attachment B to Aircraft Letter UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802885 
 (787- 

 Airframe Model MTOW 787- pounds 1 Detail Specification Engine Model Thrust pounds 2 Airframe Price Base Year Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Formula Features 3 Sub-Total of Airframe and Features 2 Airframe Data Engine Price (Per Aircraft) Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate 3 Engine Data In-Flight Entertainment (IFE) Estimate 3 Base Year Index (ECI) Base Year Index (CPI) 1 2 3 
 UAL-PA-04815 120326-1F.txt Boeing Proprietary Page 1 

Attachment C to Aircraft Letter UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802885R1 
 (787- 

 Airframe Model MTOW 787- pounds 1 Configuration Specification Engine Model Thrust pounds 2 Airframe Price Base Year Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Formula Features 3 Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Airframe Data Engine Price (Per Aircraft) 2 Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Engine Data In-Flight Entertainment (IFE) Estimate 3 Base Year Index (ECI) Base Year Index (CPI) 1 2 3 
 UAL-PA-04815 120345-1F.txt Boeing Proprietary SA-12 Page 1 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124 2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R4 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Special Matters 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement will have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. This Letter Agreement replaces and supersedes Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R3, dated August 25, 2022, in its entirety. 
 1. 
 1.a. 787- . 
 In consideration of Customer's purchase of 787-8 Aircraft, Boeing at the time of delivery of each 787- Aircraft and 787- Aircraft, to Customer . The is subject to the as at the time of delivery. may to at the time of delivery for such Aircraft, or for the of Boeing and , but on Aircraft. 
 1.b. 787- . 
 In consideration of Customer's purchase of 787- Aircraft, Boeing at the time of delivery of each 787- Aircraft and 787- Aircraft, to Customer . The is subject to the as at the time of delivery. may to at the time of delivery for such Aircraft, or for the of Boeing and , but on Aircraft. 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R4 SA-12 Special Matters Page 1 of 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

1.c. 787- . 
 In consideration of Customer's purchase of 787- Aircraft, Boeing at the time of delivery of each 787- Aircraft and 787- Aircraft, to Customer . The is subject to the as at the time of delivery. may to at the time of delivery for such Aircraft, or for the of Boeing and , but on Aircraft. 
 1.d. . 
 Boeing to Customer a . 
 2. 
 3. 
 4. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894 entitled Assignment Matters , the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 5. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 entitled Privileged and Confidential Matters . 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R4 SA-12 Special Matters Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date December 12, 2022 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802886R4 SA-12 Special Matters Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124 2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802891R2 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject 
 Reference Purchase Agreement 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. This Letter Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802891R1 dated August 25, 2022. 
 1. Definitions . 
 Notice means the written communication provided by Boeing to Customer in accordance with the requirements of Article 4.1, below. 
 Program Aircraft means each Aircraft under the Purchase Agreement. 
 2. Applicability . 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Purchase Agreement to the contrary, the parties agree that the for each Program Aircraft shall be determined in accordance with this Letter Agreement. 
 3. Forecast . 
 Boeing will release an forecast in of each year based on Boeing s then current standard . Only one forecast shall be used to conduct the analysis performed in accordance with Article 4.1, below, for a given Program Aircraft. The forecast applicable to a given Program Aircraft is set forth in Attachment A. 
 4. 
 4.a 
 4.1.i 
 4.1.ii 
 4.1.iii 
 4.1.ivIn the event that Boeing either the Notice as detailed in Article 4.1.2 or Article 4.1.3 and Customer , then Customer the Purchase Agreement with respect to such affected Program Aircraft. 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802891R2 SA-12 
 Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

4.b If Boeing provides Customer the described in Article 4.1.2 or Article 4.1.3 above, then Customer shall notify Boeing contained in Articles 4.1.2, 4.1.3, or 4.1.4 above within of its receipt of the Notice from Boeing. In the event Customer in accordance with Article 4.1.4 above, then Boeing to Customer, for the Program Aircraft. 
 i.Within of Boeing s receipt of notice for any such Program Aircraft under Article 4.2 above, Boeing by written notice to Customer to related to such Program Aircraft , by Customer. 
 ii.Should Customer any notice to Boeing in accordance with Article 4.2 above, then the for such Program Aircraft shall be in accordance with Article 4.1.2. 
 4.c In the event that the of a Program Aircraft that is subject to either Article 4.1.1, Article 4.1.2 or Article 4.1.3 above, applicable to such Program Aircraft will be determined pursuant to Article 5 below. 
 5. 
 6. 
 7. 
 , identified in the Purchase Agreement as subject to pursuant to Supplemental Exhibit AE1, and which pertains to the Program Aircraft shall be . 
 8. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894 entitled Assignment Matters , the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 9. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 entitled Privileged and Confidential Matters . 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802891R2 SA-12 
 Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802891R2 SA-12 
 Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802891R2 SA-12 
 Page 4 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date December 12, 2022 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802891R2 SA-12 
 Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A 
 & Notice Date 
 
 Applicable to Program Aircraft Delivering in Time Period Notice Date 
 
 Attachment A to UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802891R2 SA-12 
 Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ATTACHMENT B 

Attachment B to UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802891R2 SA-12 
 Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R5 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Matters for Certain 787 Aircraft 
 References 1) Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft and 
 2) Aircraft General Terms Agreement dated as of October 10, 1997 between the parties, identified as AGTA-CAL AGTA 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. The Purchase Agreement incorporates the terms and conditions of the AGTA. This Letter Agreement modifies certain terms and conditions of the AGTA with respect to the Aircraft. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement will have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement or the AGTA, as the context requires. This Letter Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R4 dated August 25, 2022. 
 1. 
 2. 
 2.a 
 2.b 
 2.c Boeing Invoice . Boeing shall submit to Customer, not less than prior to the end of each quarter, an invoice for during each such quarter. Customer's payment is due and payable to Boeing on the day of the following month. Boeing's invoice will show for each Aircraft The invoice will also include with respect to other aircraft in other purchase agreements between Customer and Boeing. 
 2.d 
 2.e 
 3. 
 4. 
 5. 
 6. 
 7. Rights . 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R5 SA-12 
 Matters for Certain 787 Aircraft Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ATTACHMENT B, continued 
 Escalation Factors - July 2006 Base Year 

 a. Customer agrees that . 
 b. In the event Boeing to Boeing pursuant to Section 7.1, absent instruction from Boeing to the contrary, Boeing shall provide Customer and Customer shall, under the Purchase Agreement as amended by this Letter Agreement. Customer will . Boeing will provide Customer so that Customer can under this Section 7.2. 
 c. For all purposes of this paragraph 3, including without limitation, notice, or any other application, . Boeing expressly reserves all of its rights and remedies under any agreement and applicable law. 
 8. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894 entitled Assignment Matters , the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 9. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 entitled Privileged and Confidential Matters. 
 If the foregoing correctly sets forth your understanding of our agreement with respect to the matters treated above, please indicate your acceptance and approval below. 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R5 SA-12 
 Matters for Certain 787 Aircraft Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ATTACHMENT B, continued 
 Escalation Factors - July 2006 Base Year 

 ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date December 12, 2022 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802895R5 SA-12 
 Matters for Certain 787 Aircraft Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802897R1 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Aircraft 
 Reference Purchase Agreement 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. This Letter Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802897 dated May 31, 2018. 
 Boeing agrees to manufacture and sell to Customer additional Boeing model 787- aircraft Aircraft ). The model, delivery per aircraft and schedule are listed in Attachment A-1 and the delivery and information data for certain of the Aircraft are provided in Attachment A-2 for the Aircraft. 
 1. Aircraft Description and Changes . 
 1.a Aircraft Description The Aircraft are described by the Detail Specification listed in Attachment A-1, and are subject to the items in section 1.2 below. 
 1.b Changes The Detail Specification will be revised to include 
 (1) Changes applicable to the Model 787 aircraft which are developed by Boeing between the date of the Detail Specification and the signing of the definitive agreement to purchase the Aircraft 
 (2) Changes required to obtain required regulatory certificates and 
 (3) Changes mutually agreed upon. 
 P.A. No. 04815 SA-12 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802897R1 , Aircraft Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

ATTACHMENT B, continued 
 Escalation Factors - July 2006 Base Year 

 2. Price . 
 2.a. The of the Aircraft are listed in Attachment A-1 to this Letter Agreement. 
 2.b. 
 2.2.i. . The that will be identified in the definitive agreement for the Aircraft will equal (i) the as of the date of execution of the Purchase Agreement for the , and (ii) for any changes incorporated between the date of execution of the Purchase Agreement for the and the date of execution of the definitive agreement for the Aircraft, the associated with such changes will be those first published by Boeing . For the avoidance of doubt, that are not published by Boeing as of the date of execution of the Purchase Agreement for the will be to the same as the for the in accordance with Boeing uses . The for the Aircraft will in accordance with Supplemental Exhibit AE1. Boeing represents that the provided in this Article 2.2 are consistent with the terms of Letter Agreement 6-1162-KKT-080R2, including as may subsequently be amended. 
 2.2.ii. . The for each Aircraft will be on the same basis as the Aircraft, and will for in accordance with the terms set forth in Article 2.1.5 of the AGTA. 
 2.2.iii. . The , listed in Exhibit Supplement EE1 to the Purchase Agreement, have been to the months of scheduled delivery using listed in the Attachment A-1 to this Letter Agreement. The will be by the prior to the signing of a definitive agreement for the Aircraft. 
 2.2.iv. . The of the Aircraft will to the as of the date of execution of the definitive agreement for the Aircraft unless the agrees to the . 
 3. Payment . 
 3.a Customer will pay a to Boeing in the amount shown in Attachment A-1 for each Aircraft ), on the date of this Letter Agreement. If Customer an , the will be against the . If Customer does not an , Boeing will retain the for that Aircraft and apply it, , then the may be applied to for Boeing and . 
 3.b If Customer its to acquire an Aircraft, in the amounts and at the times listed in Attachment A-1 will be for that Aircraft. The of the Aircraft Price for that Aircraft will be paid . 
 4. 
 4.a. Customer may by giving written notice to Boeing no later than 
 4.1.i. Aircraft. 
 P.A. No. 04815 SA-12 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802897R1 , Aircraft Page 2 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

ATTACHMENT B, continued 
 Escalation Factors - July 2006 Base Year 

 4.1.1.1. For Aircraft that Aircraft prior to the first business day of the applicable delivery month listed in Attachment A-1. 
 4.1.1.2. For Aircraft that are listed in Attachment A-2 prior to the first business day of the applicable delivery month listed in Attachment A-1. 
 4.1.ii. Aircraft with 
 At the date of this Letter Agreement, there are Aircraft with dates aligned to Aircraft shown in Attachment A-2. of these Aircraft shall be on the basis of the sequence described below 
 (a) If any Aircraft specified in column A of Attachment A-2 is , then the for the Aircraft specified in column C of Attachment A-2 is provided in column D of Attachment A-2. 
 (b) If the Aircraft specified in Column C of Attachment A-2 is to create an Aircraft under the Purchase Agreement, then the for the Aircraft specified in Column E is as specified in Column F. Alternatively, if the Aircraft described in Section 0(i) above is by the , then the Aircraft specified in column E and the terms of Section 3.1 shall apply to the . 
 (c) If an Aircraft shown in column A of Attachment A-2 is , then Aircraft in the same row as the Aircraft that was by the in column C and column E and the of Attachment A-2 shall and the terms of Section 3.1 shall apply to the . 
 4.b. For the avoidance of doubt, any Aircraft for which Customer has its rights shall be considered an Aircraft for purposes of the Purchase Agreement. 
 4.c. Customer s Model 787- aircraft in Attachment A-1 are scheduled by . Upon of an Aircraft, Boeing has the the scheduled delivery by or from the month in Attachment A-1 with written notice to Customer no less than either (i) if an Aircraft not specified in Attachment A-2 or (ii) if an Aircraft specified in Attachment A-2 as applicable prior to the scheduled delivery month provided, that Boeing will endeavor to whose scheduled delivery months are whose scheduled delivery months are . Any will Aircraft delivery schedule and all other applicable terms and conditions will be accordingly. Such delivery will not be considered either an or , and all applicable terms and conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement, e.g., and and shall be aligned to such delivery month. 
 5. Contract Terms . 
 Boeing and Customer will use their best efforts to reach a definitive agreement for the purchase of an Aircraft, including the terms and conditions contained in this Letter 
 P.A. No. 04815 SA-12 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802897R1 , Aircraft Page 3 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

ATTACHMENT B, continued 
 Escalation Factors - July 2006 Base Year 

 Agreement, in the Purchase Agreement, and other terms and conditions as may be agreed upon to add the Aircraft to the Purchase Agreement as an Aircraft. If the parties have not entered into a definitive agreement within following , either party the purchase of Aircraft by giving written notice to the other within . If Customer and Boeing into such definitive agreement, Boeing will (i) the for that Aircraft (ii) apply by Customer on any Boeing aircraft as and (iii) have no further obligation with respect to Aircraft. 
 
 6. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894, the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or in part. 
 
 7. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890. 
 
 Attachment A-1 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 Attachment A-2 data for certain Aircraft 
 
 Very truly yours, 

P.A. No. 04815 SA-12 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802897R1 , Aircraft Page 4 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

ATTACHMENT B, continued 
 Escalation Factors - July 2006 Base Year 

 ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date December 12, 2022 
 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

P.A. No. 04815 SA-12 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802897R1 , Aircraft Page 5 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

ATTACHMENT B, continued 
 Escalation Factors - July 2006 Base Year 

P.A. No. 04815 SA-12 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802897R1 , Aircraft Page 6 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A-1 to Letter Agreement 04815-LA-1802897R1 Entitled Aircraft 
 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 (787- 

 See separate Excel file 
 P.A. No. 04815 SA-12 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802897R1, Attachment A-1 Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A-2 Aircraft Data 

P.A. No. 04815 SA-12 
 Attachment A-2 to UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802897R1 , Aircraft Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Column A 
 Aircraft Delivery 
 Column B 
 
 Column C 
 Aircraft Delivery 
 Column D 
 
 Column E 
 Aircraft Delivery 
 Column F 

Attachment A-1 to Letter Agreement 04815-LA-1802897R1 Entitled Aircraft 
 787- Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and 
 (787- 

 Airframe Model MTOW 787- pounds 1 Detail Specification Engine Model Thrust pounds 2 Airframe Price Base Year Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Formula Features 3 Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Airframe Data Engine Price (Per Aircraft) 2 Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Engine Data In-Flight Entertainment (IFE) Estimate 3 Base Year Index (ECI) Deposit per Aircraft + Base Year Index (CPI) Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Prior to Delivery) # of Aircraft Delivery Date Number of Aircraft Factor (Airframe) Factor (Engine) Forecast Estimate Base Price Per A P Total 1 2 3 + 
 UAL-PA-04815-120345-1F.txt Boeing Proprietary SA-12 
 Att A to LA-1802897R1 for 787- Aircraft, Page 1 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124 2207 

 UAL-PA-0481504815-LA-2000325R1 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject for 787- Aircraft 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used and not defined in this Letter Agreement have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. This Letter Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000325 dated February 7, 2020. 
 Subject to the terms, provisions, and conditions described herein, . 
 1. Customer's . 
 Boeing to Customer, as described in paragraph 3 below, . The Effective Date of such shall be the date that to Customer, unless an alternate date is otherwise mutually agreed. not later than after receipt of Customer's . 
 2. Certification of Configuration . 
 At the time of delivery of each 787- Aircraft, or after delivery of a 787- Aircraft, Customer. Such shall be , identifying the 787- Aircraft Manufacturer's Serial Number MSN ), the delivery date and the Effective Date of the . 
 3. 
 Customer shall in accordance with either the set forth below, at Customer's . 

4. 
 
 5. 
 6. 
 7. Confidential Treatment . 
 Boeing and Customer understand that certain commercial information and financial information are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000325R1 SA-12 
 for 787- Aircraft Page 

terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 entitled Privileged and Confidential Matters . 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000325R1 SA-12 
 for 787- Aircraft Page 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000325 
 P.A. No. 04815 SA 1 Boeing Proprietary 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date December 12, 2022 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000325R1 SA-12 
 for 787- Aircraft Page 4 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A to Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000325R1 

 Date ____________________ 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Attention Technical Department 
 Reference Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000325R1 to Boeing UAL Purchase Agreement 04815 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 By __________________ 
 Its __________________ 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000325R1, Attachment A SA-12 
 for 787- Aircraft Page 5 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ATTACHMENT B 
 Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000325R1 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-200325R1, Attachment B SA-12 for 787- Aircraft Page of 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

APPENDIX 1 
 Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000325R1 

APPENDIX 1 to UAL-PA-04815-LA-200325R1 SA-12 for 787- Aircraft Page 1 of 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000366R1 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject for 787- Aircraft 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used and not defined in this Letter Agreement have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. This Letter Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000366 dated February 7, 2020. 
 Subject to the terms, provisions, and conditions described herein, . 
 1. Customer's . 
 Boeing to Customer, as described in paragraph 3 below, . The effective date of such shall be the date that to Customer, Effective Date ). . 
 2. 
 Attachment A specifies the applicable to each 787- Aircraft once the is issued. At the time of delivery of each 787- Aircraft, or after delivery of a 787- Aircraft, Customer. Such shall be documented by a certificate, substantially in the form of Attachment D, identifying the 787- Aircraft Manufacturer s Serial Number, the delivery date and the Effective Date of the . 
 3. 
 4. 
 
 5. 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000366 
 P.A. No. 04815 SA 1 Boeing Proprietary 

6. 
 7. Confidential Treatment . 
 Boeing and Customer understand that certain commercial information and financial information are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 entitled Privileged and Confidential Matters . 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000366R1 SA-12 
 for 787- Aircraft Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this 
 Date December 12, 2022 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000366R1 SA-12 
 for 787- Aircraft Page 4 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A to Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000366R1 

Pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 2 of this Letter Agreement, and for purposes of Customer s , The Boeing Company of the following for each of the 787- Aircraft as of the 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000366R1, Attachment A SA-12 
 for 787- Aircraft Page 5 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A to Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000366R1 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000366R1, Attachment A SA-12 
 for 787- Aircraft Page 6 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment B to Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000366R1 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000366R1, Attachment B SA-12 
 for 787- Aircraft Page 7 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment C to Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000366R1 

Attachment C 
 787- Aircraft Eligible for 
 The following 787- aircraft are eligible for specified in this Letter Agreement in accordance with the terms set forth therein 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000366R1, Attachment C SA-12 
 for 787- Aircraft Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment D to Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000366R1 

Date ____________________ 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Attention Technical Department 
 Reference Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000366R1 to Boeing UAL Purchase Agreement 04815 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 By __________________ 
 Its __________________ 
 Attachment D to UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000366R1 SA-12 Special Matters Page 1 of 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

APPENDIX 1 
 Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000366R1 

APPENDIX 1 to UAL-PA-04815-LA-2000366R1 SA-12 Special Matters Page 1 of 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-22006156 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject 787 Special 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 Boeing and Customer wish to enter into an agreement for in support of the Aircraft as more specifically provided below. 
 1. Definitions . 
 Performance Period shall mean the period beginning , as may be pursuant to Section 3 herein . 
 Performance Sub-Period shall mean each of the within the Performance Period. The first Performance Sub-Period will end on . 
 shall mean mutually agreed . 
 Qualifying Third Party Fees shall mean fees paid by Customer to third party providers for provided to Customer during the Performance Period. 
 2. Commitment . 
 In further consideration of Customer s purchase of the Aircraft, Boeing agrees to provide to Customer during the Performance Period in a value not to exceed . 
 3. Methods of Performance . 
 Boeing provided shall be spent on selected at and shall be made available for or as for promotional activity selected by Customer. Payment shall be made within of presentation of . The amount made available in any Performance Sub-Period shall be , Annual Fund) . amounts from each Annual Fund in any of the Performance Sub-Periods shall Performance Sub-Period. Boeing will advise Customer on or about of the amount of any Commitment Fund. For clarity, Boeing shall have no further obligation to 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-22006156 SA-12 
 787 Special Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Customer for any Commitment Fund amount . Accordingly, Boeing will advise Customer on or about of the amount of any Commitment Fund. 
 4. Availability of Boeing . 
 Following the execution of this Letter Agreement, a Boeing representative will meet with Customer s designated representative to (i) . 
 5. Confidentiality . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890. 
 6. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894, the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 

Very truly yours, 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-22006156 SA-12 
 787 Special Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date December 12, 2022 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-22006156 SA-12 
 787 Special Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-22006204 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject 787 Delivery Matters 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 1. 
 Customer has requested, and Boeing has agreed to provide, in respect of 787- Aircraft specified in Table 1 as of the date of this Letter Agreement delivering after and any Aircraft resulting from an aircraft pursuant to the terms of Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802885R1 of such 787- Aircraft, Aircraft ( Aircraft satisfying the requirements of this Section 1 are referred to herein as Aircraft ). Boeing will provide in respect of Aircraft subject to the terms and conditions contained in this Letter Agreement. For clarity, the shall not apply to any Aircraft. 
 1.a 
 1.b Notice Requirement . Customer may by giving written notice to Boeing on or before the date that is prior to the of the delivery month specified in Table 1 for the applicable Aircraft. 
 1.c 
 2. Acceleration Rights. 
 Customer has requested, and Boeing has agreed to provide, delivery in the form of in respect of 787- Aircraft and any Aircraft resulting from an aircraft pursuant to the terms of Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802885R1 that are contracted for scheduled delivery after Aircraft ). Boeing will provide in respect of Aircraft subject to the terms and conditions contained in this Letter Agreement. 
 2.a. Each (i) is offered to Customer subject to Aircraft that is not listed on Attachment A-2 to Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802897R1 entitled Aircraft Aircraft in the desired delivery month and (ii) will require of the Aircraft with an Aircraft that the parties agree satisfies . 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-22006204 SA-12 
 787 Delivery Matters Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

2.b. Notice Requirement . Customer shall each by providing Boeing with advance written notification that is at least prior to the delivery month of the desired Aircraft. 
 2.c. 
 3. Definitive Agreement . 
 If Customer agrees with the . The Supplemental Agreement will include the provisions of the Purchase Agreement as modified to reflect the provisions of this Letter Agreement. In the event the parties, despite having exercised good faith in reaching a Supplemental Agreement without delay, have not entered into a Supplemental Agreement within , either party may . If Customer and Boeing . 
 4. BFE SPE Matters . 
 Subject to Boeing having . 
 5. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894 entitled Assignment Matters , the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 6. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 entitled Privileged and Confidential Matters . 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-22006204 SA-12 
 787 Delivery Matters Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date December 12, 2022 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-22006204 SA-12 
 787 Delivery Matters Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-22006226 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject Matters 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement will have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 1. Background . 
 On November 2, 2022, Customer announced its launch of Calibrate, an in-house apprenticeship program designed to help grow and diversify its pipeline of aircraft maintenance technicians AMTs ). . 
 2. Calibrate Program . 
 
 3. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894 entitled Assignment Matters , the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-22006226 SA-12 
 Matters Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

4. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 entitled Privileged and Confidential Matters . For clarity, public announcement of Boeing s participation in the Ventures Investment is subject to Boeing s consent, including Boeing approval of any related press release. 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-22006226 SA-12 
 Matters Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date December 12, 2022 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-22006226 SA-12 
 Matters Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-22006285 
 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement will have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 1. 
 Customer is as Customer s 787- aircraft provided, however, that Customer has requested, and Boeing has agreed, that Customer may modify for a 787- Aircraft or any Aircraft following the signing date of the Purchase Agreement. Upon , if any, the shown in Table 1 to the Purchase Agreement, Supplemental Exhibit EE1, and will be revised, as applicable, for Customer s in a supplemental agreement Definitive Agreement ). The in effect at the time of execution of any such Definitive Agreement will apply to the , unless otherwise agreed in accordance with the process described below. Customer has requested, and Boeing has identified, . 
 Customer shall provide a Notice of contained in Appendix I of this Letter Agreement for any no less than prior to the delivery month of an applicable 787- Aircraft. After such notification, Boeing and Customer will promptly execute the Definitive Agreement. Customer consents to its providing Boeing with information regarding the to enable Boeing to support the for the Aircraft. 
 2. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894 entitled Assignment Matters , the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-22006285 SA-12 
 Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

3. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 entitled Privileged and Confidential Matters . For clarity, public announcement of Boeing s participation in the Ventures Investment is subject to Boeing s consent, including Boeing approval of any related press release. 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-22006285 SA-12 
 Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date December 12, 2022 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-22006285 SA-12 
 Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

APPENDIX I 
 CUSTOMER NOTICE OF 

Customer United Airlines, Inc. Purchase Agreement 4815 Delivery 
 Customer has selected the following 

Date UNITED AIRLINES, INC. Signature Printed Name Title 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-22006285 SA-12 
 Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Appendix II to Letter Agreement UAL-PA-04815-LA-22006285 
 (787- 
 For illustration purposes only Boeing makes no representations regarding the accuracy of the information below. Customer is encouraged to directly contact 
 
 Appendix II to UAL-PA-04815-LA-22006285 SA-12 
 Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124 2207 

 UAL-PA-04815-LA-22006311 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject 787 Open Matters 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04815 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 Boeing and Customer agree to work together as the configuration of Customer s Boeing Model 787- aircraft develops as specified in this Letter Agreement. 
 1. Aircraft Configuration . 
 The initial configuration of Customer's Model 787- Aircraft has been defined by as described in Table 1 and Exhibit A of the Purchase Agreement Initial Configuration ). Final configuration of the 787- Aircraft Final Configuration will be completed using the in accordance with the following schedule 
 1.a At a mutually agreed date , Boeing will provide Customer with from which Customer shall provide that will comprise the Final Configuration. 
 1.b Within following Final Configuration of the 787- Aircraft, Boeing and Customer will execute a written amendment to the Purchase Agreement which will reflect the following 
 1.2.iChanges applicable to the 787- Aircraft which are developed by Boeing between the and for Customer s 787- Aircraft configuration 
 1.2.iiIncorporation into the applicable Exhibit A of the Purchase Agreement, by written amendment, those features which have been agreed to by Customer and Boeing Customer Configuration Changes 
 1.2.2.1 Revisions to the applicable Supplemental Exhibit BFE1 to reflect the and on-dock dates of BFE 
 1.2.2.2 Changes to the , and to adjust for the difference, if any, between the in the applicable Table 1 of the Purchase Agreement for features reflected in the and the of the features reflected in the Customer Configuration Changes. 
 2. Other Matters . 
 2.1 Boeing commits to work with Customer to review that Customer may request be into the 787- Aircraft configuration prior to delivery to Customer. After each such 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-22006311 SA-12 
 787 Open Matters Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

review, Boeing and Customer shall agree as to the which Boeing can make available for the Aircraft using and the terms for . 
 2.2 Boeing and Customer shall meet regularly to determine in good faith mutually acceptable terms and conditions with respect to and matters, commencing . 
 2.3 Boeing and Customer shall work in good faith to streamline the Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802897R1 titled Aircraft . 
 3. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894, the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 4. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890. 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 UAL-PA-04815-LA-22006311 SA-12 
 787 Open Matters Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date December 12, 2022 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-PA-04815-LA-22006311 SA-12 
 787 Open Matters Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

</EX-10.104>

<EX-10.105>
 20
 ual_12312210kex10105.htm
 EX-10.105

Document 
 Exhibit 10.105 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O.Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124 2207 
 
 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. OMITTED INFORMATION HAS BEEN REPLACED WITH ASTERISKS. 

 LA-22004762 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject for 787 
 This agreement Agreement is between United Airlines, Inc. Customer and The Boeing Company Boeing ). Customer and Boeing will hereinafter be referred to individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties . Capitalized terms used in this Agreement without definitions have the meaning specified to them in the applicable 787 Purchase Agreement #2, as defined herein. 
 Pursuant to the terms and conditions of Purchase Agreement No. 03860 787 Purchase Agreement #1 and Purchase Agreement No. 04815 787 Purchase Agreement #2 ), collectively the 787 Purchase Agreements , (i) Boeing model 787- aircraft , (ii) Boeing model 787- aircraft (collectively, these 787- aircraft are referred to herein as the 787- Aircraft ), and (iii) Boeing model 787- aircraft 787- Aircraft ). 
 Boeing previously advised Customer that delivery of the 787- Aircraft and the 787- Aircraft (collectively, the Aircraft ), . In recognition of Boeing s and Customer s long-standing relationship and Customer s commitment to Boeing products, Boeing described herein to address the . 
 1. Delivery Schedule for Aircraft . 
 Customer and Boeing agree to the delivery of each 787- Aircraft from their respective to the corresponding , as set forth in Attachment A to this Agreement. 
 2. Customer . 
 Boeing the described in this Agreement to Customer to . Boeing these in of Customer s to the Boeing model 787 aircraft including its to take delivery of the 787- Aircraft, and Customer s with the terms set forth herein. 
 2.a. 
 2.b. 
 LA-22004762 Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

2.c. 
 2.d. 
 3. 
 4. Assignment. Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894 entitled Assignment Matters , the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 5. Sufficient Consideration . 
 Customer agrees that the considerations contained in this Agreement are Customer's . Such Customer may have relating to or arising under contract, at law or otherwise, with respect to the and will constitute complete, full and final settlement and satisfaction of any and all of Boeing s obligations and liabilities to Customer with respect to the . 
 6. GOVERNING LAW . 
 THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE INTERPRETED UNDER AND GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF WASHINGTON, U.S.A., EXCEPT THAT THE CONFLICT OF LAWS PROVISIONS UNDER WASHINGTON LAW WILL NOT BE APPLIED FOR THE PURPOSE OF MAKING OTHER LAW APPLICABLE. 
 7. Expiration. 
 If this Agreement is not executed by both Parties on or before December 22, 2022, this offer will expire. 
 8. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in 787 Purchase Agreement #2, Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890 entitled Privileged and Confidential Matters. 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 

LA-22004762 Page 2 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date December 12, 2022 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

LA-22004762 Page 3 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A Scheduled Delivery for the 787- Aircraft 

Aircraft Model Manufacturer Serial Number # 
 Effectivity # 
 Line Number # 
 Delivery 

# Manufacturer Serial Number, Effectivity and Line Number data . 
 LA-22004762 Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

</EX-10.105>

<EX-10.106>
 21
 ual_12312210kex10106.htm
 EX-10.106

Document 
 Exhibit 10.106 
 
 The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. OMITTED INFORMATION HAS BEEN REPLACED WITH ASTERISKS. 

UAL-LA-22004729 
 United Airlines, Inc. 
 233 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 Subject 787 
 References 1) Purchase Agreement No. 03860 787 Purchase Agreement #1 between The Boeing Company Boeing and United Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft 
 2) Purchase Agreement No. 04815 787 Purchase Agreement #2 between Boeing and Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft and 
 3) Purchase Agreement No. 02484 787 Purchase Agreement #3 between Boeing and Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft (collectively referred to herein as the Purchase Agreements or the Purchase Agreement , as the context requires) 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreements. All terms used and not defined in this Letter Agreement have the same meaning as in the applicable Purchase Agreement. 
 For the purposes of this Letter Agreement, Aircraft is defined as all Boeing model 787 aircraft that with the 787 and or 787 as defined in Article 1 below, by Boeing to Customer under the applicable Purchase Agreement as of August 1, 2022. To address Customer s that other related to the 787 or other of the Aircraft are to Aircraft delivered to Customer under 787 Purchase Agreement #2 as amended after August 1, 2022, Boeing and Customer will work together in good faith in a manner and Customer than in this Letter Agreement. 
 1. for Customer . 
 1.a Boeing the described herein to Customer to address Customer s regarding the for 
 (a) any additional on the Aircraft and any related to the Aircraft that follow the multiple and as detailed in Attachment A to this Letter Agreement (individually 787 and collectively 787 
 (b) any of Aircraft due to the 787 787 and 
 (c) any of Aircraft that with the 787 , which allows such Boeing model 787 aircraft to following issuance of the 
 UAL-LA-22004729 
 787 Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

original as detailed in Boeing document D011Z009-03-01, 787 787 ). 
 1.b 
 1.c Boeing . To address Customer s regarding the nature of any associated with the 787 , if at any given point in time the related to the 787 resulting in (i) , or (ii) requirements for additional during the Term (as defined in Article 2 below), then, Customer, acting reasonably, may request Boeing to provide (as defined herein). Boeing will then provide as required, to that are . 
 1.d . To address Customer s regarding the of delivered Aircraft due to a 787 or a 787 , Boeing will provide Customer with a as set forth in Attachment B to this Letter Agreement ). 
 1.e 787 . To address Customer s regarding the the Boeing model 787 aircraft , Boeing will provide updated technical publications to reflect the or of the 787 . Boeing will note this in the for each Aircraft. 
 2. Term . 
 The provisions of this Letter Agreement will apply for a period of of each Aircraft and (ii) the Aircraft is continuously owned or operated by Customer Term ). 
 3. Further for Additional . 
 To address Customer s that other related to the 787 of the Aircraft may be found to apply to the Aircraft , Boeing and Customer will work together in good faith to in a manner and Customer as provided in this Letter Agreement. 
 4. Claims. 
 Any claims relating to the described in Article 1 above, must reference this Letter Agreement and be submitted to Boeing Contracts - . 
 5. 
 6. 
 The parties agree that it is not the intent to provide hereunder that to be provided in any other agreement between Boeing and Customer. 
 UAL-LA-22004729 
 787 Page 2 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

7. Assignment . 
 Except as provided in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802894 entitled Assignment Matters , the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 8. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. UAL-PA-04815-LA-1802890. 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Irma L. Krueger Its Attorney-in-Fact 

UAL-LA-22004729 
 787 Page 3 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date December 12, 2022 UNITED AIRLINES, INC. By s Gerald Laderman Its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

UAL-LA-22004729 
 787 Page 4 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment A 
 787 
 Item No. Title Location No. 
 787 
 Boeing 
 (including Partner) 
 
 Attachment A to UAL-LA-22004729 
 787 Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

Attachment B 

Attachment B to UAL-LA-22004729 
 787 Page 1 
 BOEING UNITED AIRLINES, INC. PROPRIETARY 

</EX-10.106>

<EX-21>
 22
 ual_12312210kex21.htm
 EX-21

Document 
 Exhibit 21 

 Uni ted Airlines Holdings, Inc. and United Airlines, Inc. Subsidiaries 
 (as of February 16, 2023) 
 Entity Jurisdiction of Incorporation United Airlines Holdings, Inc. Delaware Wholly-owned subsidiaries 
 United Airlines, Inc. Delaware Air Wis Services, Inc. 
 Wisconsin Air Wisconsin, Inc. 
 Wisconsin Domicile Management Services, Inc. 
 Delaware Air Micronesia, LLC. 
 Delaware CAL Cargo, S.A. de C.V. 
 Mexico CALFINCO Inc. 
 Delaware CALFINCO Caymans Ltd. 
 Cayman Islands Century Casualty Company 
 Vermont Continental Airlines de Mexico, S.A. 
 Mexico Continental Airlines Domain Name Limited 
 England and Wales Continental Airlines Finance Trust II 
 Delaware Continental Airlines Fuel Purchasing Group, LLC 
 Delaware Continental Airlines, Inc. Supplemental Retirement Plan for Pilots Trust Agreement 
 Delaware Continental Airlines Purchasing Holdings LLC 
 Delaware Continental Airlines Purchasing Services LLC 
 Delaware Continental Express, Inc. 
 Delaware Covia LLC 
 Delaware Mileage Plus Holdings, LLC 
 Delaware MPH I, LLC 
 Delaware Mileage Plus Marketing, Inc. 
 Delaware Mileage Plus, LLC 
 Delaware Mileage Plus Intellectual Property Assets, Ltd. 
 Cayman Islands Mileage Plus Intellectual Property Assets Aggregator, Ltd. 
 Cayman Islands Mileage Plus Intellectual Property Assets Holdings UIP, Ltd. 
 Cayman Islands Mileage Plus Intellectual Property Assets Holdings MIP, Ltd. 
 Cayman Islands Mileage Plus Intellectual Property Assets SPV Partner, Ltd. 
 Cayman Islands Mileage Plus Intellectual Property Assets GP S. r.l. 
 Luxembourg Mileage Plus Intellectual Property Assets Lux 2 SCS 
 Luxembourg Mileage Plus Intellectual Property Assets Lux 1 SCS 
 Luxembourg Presidents Club of Guam, Inc. 
 Delaware UABSPL Holdings, Inc. 
 Delaware UAL Benefits Management, Inc. 
 Delaware United Aviation Fuels Corporation 
 Delaware United Airlines Ventures, Ltd. 
 Cayman Islands United Airlines Ventures Management LLC 
 Delaware United Airlines Business Services Private Limited 
 India United Ground Express, Inc. 
 Delaware United Travel Services, LLC 
 Delaware United Vacations, Inc. 
 Delaware Westwind School of Aeronautics of Phoenix, LLC 
 Delaware 

Subsidiaries of United Airlines Holdings, Inc. are wholly owned unless otherwise indicated 
 
 Domicile Management Services Inc. is 99.9 owned by Air Wis Services, Inc. and 0.1 owned by United Airlines, Inc. CAL Cargo, S.A. de C.V. is 99.99 owned by United Airlines, Inc. and .01 owned by CALFINCO Inc. Continental Airlines de Mexico, S.A. is 99.9997 owned by United Airlines, Inc. and .0003 owned by private entities. Continental Airlines Purchasing Services LLC is 99 owned by Continental Airlines Purchasing Holdings LLC and 1 owned by United Airlines, Inc. UAL Benefits Management, Inc. has 100 of its Class A Common Stock owned by United Airlines, Inc. and 100 of its Class B Common Stock owned by Health Care Services Corporation. United Airlines Business Services Private Limited is 99.99 owned by United Airlines, Inc. and 0.01 owned by UABSPL Holdings, Inc. on behalf of United Airlines, Inc. 
 1 special share in Mileage Plus Intellectual Property Assets, Ltd. is held by a third party share trustee 
 Mileage Plus Intellectual Property Assets SPV Partner, Ltd. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Mileage Plus Intellectual Property Assets, Ltd. 
 Mileage Plus Intellectual Property Assets Lux 1 SCS is 4.76 owned by Mileage Plus Intellectual Property Assets GP S. r.l. and 95.23 owned by Mileage Plus Intellectual Property Assets Lux 2 SCS, which itself is 4.76 owned by Mileage Plus Intellectual Property Assets GP S. r.l. and 95.23 owned by Mileage Plus Intellectual Property Assets, Ltd. 
 Mileage Plus Intellectual Property Assets Aggregator, Ltd. is 60 owned by Mileage Plus Intellectual Property Assets Holdings MIP, Ltd. and 40 owned by Mileage Plus Intellectual Property Assets Holdings UIP, Ltd. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 23
 ual_12312210kex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-250153), 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-4 No. 333-167801), 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-197815), 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-131434), 
 (5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-218637), 
 (6) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-256528), 
 (7) Registration Statement (Form S-8 333-151778), and 
 (8) Registration Statement (Form S-8 POS No. 333-218637) 
 of our reports dated February 16, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of United Airlines Holdings, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of United Airlines Holdings, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of United Airlines Holdings, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 February 16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 24
 ual_12312210kex232.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

Exhibit 23.2 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-250153-01) and in the related Prospectus of our report dated February 16, 2023 with respect to the consolidated financial statements of United Airlines, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of United Airlines, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 February 16, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 25
 ual_12312210kex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d) 
 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 
 I, J. Scott Kirby, certify that 
 (1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of United Airlines Holdings, Inc. (the Company 
 (2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 (3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 (4) The Company's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company's most recent fiscal quarter (the Company's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting and 
 (5) The Company's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company's auditors and the audit committee of the Company's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 s J. Scott Kirby J. Scott Kirby Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Date February 16, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 26
 ual_12312210kex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d) 
 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 
 I, Gerald Laderman, certify that 
 (1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of United Airlines Holdings, Inc. (the Company 
 (2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 (3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 (4) The Company's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company's most recent fiscal quarter (the Company's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting and 
 (5) The Company's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company's auditors and the audit committee of the Company's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 s Gerald Laderman Gerald Laderman Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Date February 16, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 27
 ual_12312210kex313.htm
 EX-31.3

Document 

Exhibit 31.3 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d) 
 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 
 I, J. Scott Kirby, certify that 
 (1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of United Airlines, Inc. (the Company 
 (2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 (3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 (4) The Company's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company's most recent fiscal quarter (the Company's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting and 
 (5) The Company's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company's auditors and the audit committee of the Company's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 s J. Scott Kirby J. Scott Kirby Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Date February 16, 2023 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-31.4>
 28
 ual_12312210kex314.htm
 EX-31.4

Document 

Exhibit 31.4 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d) 
 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 
 I, Gerald Laderman, certify that 
 (1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of United Airlines, Inc. (the Company 
 (2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 (3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 (4) The Company's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company's most recent fiscal quarter (the Company's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting and 
 (5) The Company's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company's auditors and the audit committee of the Company's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 s Gerald Laderman Gerald Laderman Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Date February 16, 2023 

</EX-31.4>

<EX-32.1>
 29
 ual_12312210kex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of United Airlines Holdings, Inc. 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 
 Each undersigned officer certifies that to the best of his knowledge based on a review of the annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of United Airlines Holdings, Inc. (the Report 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of United Airlines Holdings, Inc. 
 Date February 16, 2023 
 s J. Scott Kirby J. Scott Kirby Chief Executive Officer s Gerald Laderman Gerald Laderman Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 30
 ual_12312210kex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of United Airlines, Inc. 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 
 Each undersigned officer certifies that to the best of his knowledge based on a review of the annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of United Airlines, Inc. (the Report 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of United Airlines, Inc. 
 Date February 16, 2023 
 s J. Scott Kirby J. Scott Kirby Chief Executive Officer s Gerald Laderman Gerald Laderman Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 31
 ual-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 32
 ual-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 33
 ual-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 34
 ual-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 35
 ual-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

