<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_1855747_0001855747-23-000016.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>99472213</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1358854</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>87827493</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4500006</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2977771</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2540630</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001855747-23-000016.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316161152
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001855747-23-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		357
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Blend Labs, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001855747
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				455211045
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40599
		FILM NUMBER:		23738915

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		415 KEARNY ST.
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94108
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(650) 550-4810

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		415 KEARNY ST.
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94108

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001855747-23-000016.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 blnd-20221231.htm
 10-K

blnd-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of the shares of Class A common stock as reported by the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately million. Shares of the registrant s common stock held by each executive officer and director and by each other person who may be deemed to be an affiliate of the registrant have been excluded from this computation. This calculation does not reflect a determination that certain persons are affiliates of the registrant for any other purpose. 
 As of March 3, 2023, there were shares of the registrant's Class A common stock outstanding, shares of the registrant's Class B common stock outstanding, and shares of the registrant's Class C common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 
 Page PART I 
 1 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 14 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 57 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 57 
 Item 3 . 
 Legal Proceedings 
 57 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 57 
 PART II 
 58 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 58 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 59 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 60 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 76 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 77 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 124 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 124 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 125 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 125 
 PART III 
 125 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 125 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 125 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 125 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 125 
 Item 14 . 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 126 
 PART IV 
 126 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 126 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10 K Summary 
 128 
 Signatures 
 129 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act ), which statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as may, will, should, expect, plan, anticipate, could, would, intend, target, project, contemplate, believe, estimate, predict, potential or continue or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans or intentions. Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 changes in economic conditions, especially those affecting the levels of real estate and mortgage activity, such as mortgage interest rates, credit availability, real estate prices, inflation, and consumer confidence; 
 our future financial performance, including our expectations regarding our revenue, cost of revenue, operating expenses, targeted reduction in operating loss and plans for future operations, expense reductions and costs savings, our ability to determine reserves, and our ability to achieve and maintain future profitability; 
 our market position, growth opportunities and our ability to successfully execute our business and growth strategy; 
 the sufficiency of our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities to meet our liquidity needs; 
 the demand for our products and services; 
 our ability to increase our transaction volume and to attract and retain customers; 
 our ability to integrate more marketplaces into our end-to-end consumer journeys; 
 our ability to develop new products, services, and features and bring them to market in a timely manner; 
 our ability to make enhancements to our current products; 
 our ability to compete with existing and new competitors in existing and new markets and offerings; 
 our ability to successfully acquire and integrate companies and assets, including our ability to integrate Title365 with our operations; 
 the impairment of certain assets arising from our acquisition of Title365; 
 our ability to maintain the security and availability of our platform; 
 our expectations regarding the effects of existing and developing laws and regulations, including with respect to taxation, privacy, information security, and data protection; 
 our ability to manage risk associated with our business; 
 our expectations regarding new and evolving markets; 
 our ability to develop and protect our brand and reputation; 
 our expectations and management of future growth; 
 our expectations concerning relationships with third parties; 
 our ability to attract and retain employees and key personnel; 
 our ability to service our existing debt; 
 our ability to maintain, protect, and enhance our intellectual property; and 
 the increased expenses associated with being a public company. 
 
 We caution you that the foregoing list may not contain all of the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including those described in the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Risk Factors are not guarantees that no such conditions exist as of the date of this report and should not be interpreted as an affirmative statement that such risks or conditions have not materialized, in whole or in part. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We cannot assure you that the results, events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and actual results, events or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. 
 
 Neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of any of these forward-looking statements. Moreover, the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures or investments we may make. 
 
 In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Company Overview 
 It s our vision to bring simplicity and transparency to financial services, so every consumer can more easily access the capital they need to reach their financial goals. To realize this vision, we have built a market-leading, cloud-based software platform and suite of products for financial providers to transform consumer banking experiences and streamline workflows for their teams. From the moment a consumer starts an application for a loan or a deposit account to the moment they digitally sign the final documents, our software platform streamlines the process. Consumers expect modern banking experiences to be as simple as other online shopping experiences, and Blend enables financial providers to quickly deliver modern experiences that are easy to access and use. However, financial services firms may not have the resources and in-house software expertise to fulfill consumer demands for intuitive, digital, and easy-to-use products. In addition, most financial providers are burdened by antiquated, inflexible systems and use separate technology stacks for different product lines, making it difficult to drive rapid improvements. Consequently, a broad range of financial providers including banks, credit unions, fintechs, and community and independent mortgage banks have turned to Blend to help them accelerate their digital transformation initiatives and position themselves for future growth. 
 Our Segments 
 We operate our business in two segments: Blend Platform and Title365. 
 
 The Blend Platform segment comprises a suite of products that power the entire origination process from back end workflows to consumer experience. Our growing suite of out-of-the-box, white-label products currently powers digital-first consumer journeys for mortgages, home equity loans and lines of credit, vehicle loans, personal loans, credit cards, and deposit accounts. Each of our products is built from an extensive library of modular components assembled into consumer journeys that typically include data collection, verification checks, product selection, pricing, pre-approvals, disclosures delivery, addressing stipulations, and signing closing documents. 
 
 The Blend Platform segment also contains a software platform, called Blend Builder Platform, which offers a set of low-code, drag-and-drop design tools, modular components and integrations to allow our customers to create and deploy their own new product offerings. After three years of research and development, the Blend Builder Platform has evolved to the point where it can now power Composable Origination, the ability to easily configure or build custom workflows from a pre-built set of components, all while leveraging existing infrastructure. Financial services firms can experience Composable Origination by building custom solutions using the Blend Builder Platform, or with pre-built solutions such as Instant Home Equity, Deposit Accounts, Credit Cards, and more. 
 
 In 2022, our products within the Blend Platform segment helped financial services firms process nearly 1.7 trillion in loan applications. We bring together an extensive ecosystem of technology, data, and service providers through our software platform, enabling financial services firms to collaborate with third parties to provide best-in-class banking experiences to consumers. As consumers use our software platform to access financial products, they can also shop for realtors, title and property and casualty insurance products, and other service providers through integrated marketplaces that are introduced at the precise moment these products or services are needed. As more consumers use our software platform, we are able to attract a broader range of ecosystem partners, which allows us to deliver more value to consumers and attract more financial services providers as customers. This creates a powerful network effect and differentiator for our business. 
 
 Strong customer relationships are the cornerstone of Blend s success. We establish ourselves as a critical and long-term strategic partner to our customers by powering essential revenue-generating experiences, integrating our software into back office systems, and staffing teams chartered with increasing the value to the customer over time. Blend s customer relationships grow as our platform is used for a broader range of products. Customers typically complete an initial deployment of one or two products and then add more products over time, building toward a unified consumer experience that supports multi-product journeys. 
 
 1 

Blend s business model is designed to align our growth with our customers priorities. In the Blend Platform segment, we offer our products through software-as-a-service agreements, where fees are assessed based on completed transactions, such as a funded loan, new account opening, or closing transaction. We do not charge for abandoned or rejected applications, even though they cause us to incur costs. Completed transaction fees are determined by the number and type of software platform components that are needed to support each product offering. Where applicable, we may also charge licensing fees for access to our platform. Additionally, we generate revenue through commissions or service fees when consumers use our marketplaces to select a real estate agent, property and casualty insurance carrier, title insurance underwriter, or settlement services provider. 
 
 In June 2021, Blend acquired a 90.1 ownership of Title365, an underwritten title insurance agency engaged in selling title insurance policies and escrow services throughout the United States. Integrating Title365 with our software platform has enabled financial services firms to automate title commitments and streamline communication with consumers and settlement teams. 
 
 Together we enable our customers to accelerate the title, settlement, and closing process at scale for mortgages, home equity lines of credit, and home equity loans. In performing title search services, Title365 serves as an agent to place and bind title insurance policies with third-party underwriters. Title365 escrow, closing and settlement services are primarily associated with managing the closing of real estate transactions, including the processing of funds on behalf of the transaction participants, gathering and recording the required closing documents, and providing notary and other real estate or title-related activities. Title365 also provides title services in connection with a borrower default and with the issuance of home equity lines of credit and home equity loans. Title365 became our second reportable segment at the time of acquisition. In June 2022, we completed the migration of the largest Title365 customer from traditional title to the software-enabled title solution. This solution automates the flow of the title orders from the customer s loan origination software and passes the orders through the Blend Platform. In connection with the migration we changed the composition of our reporting segments and the Blend Platform segment now includes our software-enabled title component and Title365 consists of the traditional title business. 
 
 The industry in which we operate is heavily influenced by government policies and overall economic conditions. The real estate environment, including interest rates and the general economic environment, typically impact the demand for mortgage and mortgage related products. Purchase volume and refinance activity were strong in 2021 and 2020 relative to historical averages over the preceding decade; however, an increase in interest rates due to efforts by the Federal Reserve to manage rising inflation, combined with ongoing supply constraints, have resulted in a decline in mortgage origination activity for 2022. As a large portion of our revenue is driven by mortgage and mortgage related transaction volumes, declines in the mortgage origination volumes have had, and are likely to continue to have, adverse effects on our business. 
 
 In 2022, we have seen a 3.9 decrease in total reported banking transactions and a 31.9 decrease in mortgage transactions, particularly refinance transactions, on our software platform compared to 2021. We attribute the majority of this decrease to rapidly rising interest rates, decreased housing affordability, and uncertain worldwide political and economic conditions. Overall industry origination volumes, as reported by the Mortgage Bankers Association MBA ), have decreased by 56 over the same period. Due to deteriorating economic and market conditions, including a decline in our market capitalization and current and projected declines in the operating results of the Title365 segment, in 2022 we recorded a full impairment of goodwill and customer relationship intangible assets acquired in the Title365 business combination. 
 Our Solutions 
 Blend Builder Platform for financial services firms is designed to power the end-to-end consumer journey for any banking product. From the moment a consumer starts an application for a loan or a deposit account to the moment they digitally sign their final documents, our software platform streamlines the process. Our growing library of composable product and workflow modules unlock the limitations of our customers existing technology stack, empowering financial services firms to deliver personalized, proactive and simple experiences without sacrificing speed or spend. 
 
 Blend is well positioned to benefit from the acceleration in digital transformation investment taking place across the financial services sector. Our software simplifies complex origination processes that can include hundreds of tasks and require interactions with dozens of external technology, data, and services providers. By automating these tasks and developing pre-built integrations, we help our customers potentially avoid years of expensive in-house software development, in addition to increasing productivity by freeing up resources for other initiatives. 
 
 2 

Composable Origination, powered by Blend Builder Platform 

Product Offerings 
 Blend Builder Platform powers the mission-critical interface between financial services firms and consumers. Financial services firms can rapidly deploy our growing number of out-of-the-box, white-labeled products for: 
 Mortgage provides an end-to-end digital mortgage experience from application to close that puts financial services firms at the center of the broader homeownership journey. 
 Home Equity modernizes home equity line of credit and home equity loan origination experiences, delivering higher application submission rates and faster closings. 
 Vehicle Loans enables rapid financing that helps consumers get into their car, boat, recreational vehicle, or powersport vehicle faster. 
 Credit Cards increases application conversions through a configurable product selection experience, streamlined data collection, and instant approvals. 
 Personal Loans drives faster pre-approvals for unsecured and secured personal loans, lines of credit, and overdraft protection lines. 
 Deposit Accounts increases application conversion rates and reduces fraud risk with features that support financial services firms Bank Secrecy Act and anti-money laundering policies. 
 
 In addition, we have developed a suite of products that we offer to facilitate the homeownership journey for consumers that are integrated into the end-to-end digital mortgage experience delivered by our Mortgage products. These are: 
 Close streamlines traditional, hybrid, and fully digital closing experiences for mortgages, home equity lines of credit, and home equity loans. 
 Income Verification for Mortgage and Home Equity leverages data integrations with payroll data providers to deliver income reports that are recognized as verified sources of income. 
 Title enables streamlining of the title, settlement, and closing processes at scale for mortgages, home equity lines of credit, and home equity loans. 
 3 

Homeowners Insurance allows consumers to easily compare quotes from as many as 30 insurance carriers, depending on carriers coverage areas, and connect with an insurance specialist to purchase a policy. 
 Realty facilitates matches between consumers and local real estate agents who can provide guidance throughout the purchase process, and where eligible, the consumer can receive a rebate on the purchase of their home. 
 Blend Builder Platform 
 Each of our products is built from an extensive library of modular components that typically include data collection, verification checks, product selection, pricing, pre-approvals, disclosures, addressing stipulations, and signing closing documents. New product offerings can be rapidly created by Blend by assembling our modular components into workflows using Blend Builder Platform, which includes tools for: 
 Experience design through low-code design tools, we enable the creation of flexible, consumer-facing forms, user flows for data collection, and automated communications that reflect the brand of each of our customers. 
 Process orchestration through a drag-and-drop editor, we enable the creation of workflows that guide consumers through the process of getting a loan or opening a deposit account. 
 Persona-based workspaces our software platform provides omni-channel user experiences for a broad range of stakeholder personas, including consumers, loan officers, bankers, real estate agents, settlement agents, and notaries. 
 
 The modular components that make up our products generally fall under the categories of verification, decisioning, workflow intelligence, and marketplaces. 
 Verification Components 
 Our verification components automate confirmation tasks that are needed to underwrite a loan or approve the opening of a new deposit account. We have pre-built integrations with providers of technology and services to address requirements for: 
 Identity verification to help financial services firms reduce fraud risk and address compliance requirements for know-your-customer (KYC) and anti-money laundering (AML) laws, we have integrations that can capture data from government issued identification cards and engage third-party identity verification service providers. 
 Asset verification with consumer permission, we enable financial services firms to verify account assets from directly-sourced data, sparing applicants the burden of manually collecting this information and providing financial services firms with greater assurance of data accuracy and reliability. 
 Income and employment verification we integrate with payroll data providers to retrieve paystubs, enabling financial services firms to verify an applicant s income, employment details, and work history. 
 Credit our software platform allows financial services firms to retrieve credit reports from any of the three major credit bureaus and supports both soft and hard credit inquiries. 
 Decisioning Components 
 Our decisioning components reduce the need for human intervention by automatically applying business rules throughout an application workflow configured by a financial services firm. Examples include: 
 Pre-approvals we automate the generation of a pre-approval decision when consumers meet specific underwriting criteria established by a financial services firm. 
 Cross-selling we enable financial services firms to present personalized product recommendations to consumers based on data collected in the course of another product application. 
 Adverse actions we automatically generate adverse action notifications for consumers that do not meet minimum credit criteria established by a financial services firm. 
 4 

Workflow Intelligence Components 
 Our workflow intelligence components manage data collection and automate tasks throughout the loan origination process. We create application flows with branching logic to streamline initial data collection. Wherever possible, our software eliminates the need for document uploads by integrating with authoritative data sources. We also automate key processing tasks so consumers can begin to address stipulations immediately after a loan application is submitted, including product and pricing selection, automated requests for letters of explanation, and capturing digital signatures on disclosures packages, resulting in faster turn-around times. 
 Marketplace Components 
 Our curated marketplace components enable consumers to shop for products and services presented at the precise moment of need during an application for a loan. We currently offer marketplaces that enable consumers to find real estate agents, insurance carriers, and automobiles for sale online. These marketplaces help consumers quickly locate service providers with competitive rates and enable financial services firms to increase operational efficiency by providing a one-stop shopping experience. Our acquisition of Title365 enabled us to integrate the title, settlement, and escrow process further into our platform and develop a marketplace that provides consumers and financial services firms with the flexibility to choose title insurance partners that provide services at competitive rates. 
 APIs and Integrations 
 Through our open APIs we are able to seamlessly integrate the capabilities of technology, data, and service providers into our software platform. As we develop integrations with new partners, our customers can quickly experience the benefits across their product suite. In addition, financial services firms can use our APIs to develop integrations with the back office systems in their tech stack, creating a unified, agile architecture for powering superior consumer journeys. 
 The Blend Ecosystem 
 We bring together an extensive partner ecosystem through our software platform consisting of technology, data, and service providers. We provide the central hub through which these partners collaborate to deliver best-in-class consumer journeys in highly efficient ways. In addition, we provide our ecosystem partners with a critical distribution channel to reach a universe of more than 100 million consumers at the precise moment they are looking for products and services through the financial services firms we serve. 
 
 By providing the software that powers consumer journeys at financial services firms across digital, contact center, and branch channels, we are able to benefit from a substantial volume of high-intent consumer traffic with no incremental acquisition costs. As more financial services firms become Blend customers or deploy additional products through our software platform, the number of consumers using our software platform grows, which attracts more service providers to our ecosystem to serve those consumers. As a result, consumers benefit from more opportunities to save time and money, financial services firms benefit from increased operational efficiency, our partners benefit from increased distribution, and Blend generates additional revenue. We believe this win-win-win-win model creates a powerful network effect that will continue to expand our serviceable addressable market over time. 
 
 Key elements of our partner ecosystem include: 
 Technology Partners we have built integrations with technology vendors including leading providers of CRM platforms, loan origination systems, core banking systems, document generation systems, and pricing and product engines. These integrations accelerate our deployments and reduce the need for financial services firms to build their own integrations. 
 Data Partners we have partnerships with data services providers that help automate verification checks and reduce the need for consumers to upload documents. These data services providers include credit bureaus, payroll service providers, tax preparers, consumer asset data integrators, employment verification services, and anti-fraud services. 
 Marketplace Partners we partner with realtors and insurance carriers who offer their services through marketplaces integrated into our consumer journeys, enabling consumers to shop for service providers at the precise moment they need these services. 
 Settlement Services Partners we onboard settlement agents onto our software platform, enabling us to streamline the settlement and closing process for consumers getting a mortgage, home equity line of credit, or home equity loan. 
 
 5 

To provide consumers with optimal end-to-end journeys through our software platform, we have created our own property and casualty insurance agency and our own title insurance agency. Consistent with this strategy, on June 30, 2021, we acquired a 90.1 interest in Title365, a leading title insurance agency, from Mr. Cooper Group Inc., or Mr. Cooper, Title365 allows us to marry operational scale with technology to provide a better user experience for loan teams and consumers by enabling financial services firms to automate title commitments and streamline communication with consumers and settlement teams. 
 Key Benefits to Our Customers 
 We help our customers increase their revenue by powering best-in-class experiences that result in: 
 Increased consumer acquisition our self-service consumer journeys are available at any hour on any device, which contributes to a higher volume of application submissions. In addition, through extensive automation, we enable loan teams to handle a greater volume of loan and deposit account applications. 
 Increased consumer conversion by leveraging the modular components and orchestration capabilities of our platform, financial services firms are able to accelerate the development and delivery of new financial products, ultimately increasing the number of borrowers that complete their loan and deposit account applications. 
 Increased consumer satisfaction we enable consumers to apply for products in minutes on any device, transition seamlessly between channels throughout the origination process, benefit from as much human support as they prefer, and save money on realtor commissions, home insurance, title insurance, and automobile purchases. 
 
 We also position our customers for long-term success by helping them streamline operations and increase efficiency through: 
 Faster innovation cycles through our software platform, we help financial services firms evolve their business at a faster pace and adapt more quickly to changing market conditions than ever before. Our flexible software platform reduces time to market for new product offerings and eliminates the need to build integrations with an extensive array of technology and data services providers. 
 Lower operating costs we reduce labor costs, hedging costs, and warehouse line costs by automating workflows, shortening loan cycles, and enabling digital closings. 
 Lower development costs our customers benefit from a flexible, white-label software platform that is regularly updated and enhanced by hundreds of engineering, product, and operations specialists. 
 Reduced risk of fraud and human errors we aggregate financial data from multiple sources with consent from consumers, which reduces the need to upload, review, and transcribe documents. 
 
 Ultimately, it is our goal to help banks, credit unions, fintechs, and other non-bank lenders proactively improve financial opportunities for consumers. By removing friction, increasing transparency, and bringing greater personalization to consumer acquisition workflows, we see the potential for our software platform to help financial services firms improve the lives of millions of consumers. 
 What Sets Us Apart 
 We believe we are well positioned to serve as a long-term strategic innovation partner and provider of mission-critical software to financial services firms due to the following factors: 
 Single software platform designed for any banking product as a leading cloud-based software provider that streamlines the end-to-end consumer journey for mortgages, consumer loans, and deposit accounts through a single, unified software platform, we are a trailblazer with powerful competitive advantages. We support multi-product shopping experiences and enable consumers to move seamlessly across digital devices, contact centers, and branches throughout the origination process. We also provide additional benefits and incentives for customers to standardize on our software platform across products and channels. We continue to invest in research and development to build our software platform and grow our business. We believe the time, cost, and effort to replicate the breadth of our products and depth of our capabilities is difficult for others to match. 
 6 

Composable Origination, powered by Blend Builder Platform we enable financial services firms to rapidly build and launch new product offerings by leveraging our low-code design tools and an extensive library of modular components purpose-built for loan origination, account opening, and consumer onboarding. Through our software platform, we deliver product updates on a weekly basis. Our products are highly complex and require us to have advanced knowledge of modern software development techniques as well as deep industry expertise, including in-depth knowledge of financial services regulations, product offerings, and operational workflows for approving loans and opening accounts. We manage this complexity for our customers, allowing them to focus on driving their business priorities. 
 Expansive partner ecosystem through our integrations and marketplaces, we enable technology, data, and service providers to collaborate through our software platform and provide superior consumer experiences. The scale of our partner ecosystem has been growing, and the acquisition of Title365 further added to our software platform and operational capacity. By aggregating transaction volume across multiple financial services firms, we are able to negotiate competitive rates for technology and data services we bundle into our products. We believe it would take competitors substantial time, effort, and cost to replicate the scale and benefits of our rapidly growing partner ecosystem. 
 Powerful network effects by providing the software that powers consumer journeys at financial services firms across digital, contact center, and branch channels, we are able to benefit from a substantial volume of high-intent consumer traffic with zero incremental consumer acquisition costs. As more consumers use our software platform to apply for financial services products, we attract more partners to our ecosystem. This allows us to deliver more value to consumers, attract more financial services firms as customers, expand our existing relationships with financial services firms, and generate increased revenue from completed transactions, creating a powerful network effect and differentiator for our business. Our aim is to become the distribution platform of choice for technology, data, and service providers to efficiently reach and serve consumers undertaking financial transactions. 
 Agency subsidiaries and licensing we created our own property and casualty insurance agency with licensing in all 50 states to facilitate transactions in our home insurance marketplace, and in 2021 we acquired 90.1 interest in Title365, one of the largest title insurance agencies in the United States, with licenses and partnerships covering all 50 states in order to deliver the benefits of our software platform to financial services firms at greater scale. We believe the complexity, cost, and level of effort to duplicate this operational scale is difficult for others to replicate. 
 Extensive network of customers we supply mission-critical software to hundreds of financial services firms, including 47 of the top 100 financial services firms in the United States by assets under management and 34 of the top 100 non-bank mortgage lenders by loan volume. We also have a proven track record of delivering our products securely, at scale, and in a way that meets their demanding needs. Once deployed, we become deeply embedded in business processes and integrated with back office systems. This enables us to cross-sell additional solutions to our customers. In addition, the scale and diversity of our customer base provides us with extensive data and deep insights that help us strengthen our software platform, enhancing our ability to serve existing and future customers. 
 Our Growth Strategies 
 We are working to drive growth through the following strategic priorities, while always maintaining a laser focus on the success of our customers: 
 Increase the volume of banking transactions we power for our customers we believe there is a large market for our software platform in the United States and around the world. By attracting new customers, growing our relationships with existing customers, and helping customers identify additional opportunities for platform deployment, our revenue will grow as our transaction volume increases. Within the top 100 large insured US chartered commercial banks as published by Federal Reserve only 39 are currently our customers in the Blend Platform segment, providing a large, untapped opportunity for Blend in addition to broadening our presence with existing customers. As of December 31, 2022, our product portfolio consisted of eight primary software products and three marketplace offerings, and 72 of our customers were using less than four products or marketplaces, which gives us an opportunity to expand these relationships. 
 Continue to invest in new product offerings we see numerous opportunities to expand our product suite both horizontally and vertically over time in ways that help us increase the volume of transactions we power and increase our revenue per banking transaction. Through our deep customer relationships, we gain insights that help us align our roadmap and strategy with the most pressing needs of financial services firms. While we focus today on consumer banking, we believe we can rapidly expand our library of modular components to support commercial banking products as well. In addition to developing products in-house, we anticipate pursuing selective acquisitions and 
 7 

partnerships to accelerate our growth. We believe we are well-positioned over the long term to become one of the top cloud-based banking platforms responsible for powering end-to-end consumer experiences across both origination and servicing. 
 Integrate marketplaces into our end-to-end consumer journeys we generate commissions as consumers use our integrated marketplaces to select a realtor, purchase property, casualty and title insurance, or shop online for used cars, which helps us increase our revenue per banking transaction. Our integrated shopping experiences can generate additional commissions with zero incremental consumer acquisition costs, while enabling financial services firms to deliver better consumer experiences and drive operational efficiency. 
 Our Customers 
 Strong customer relationships are a cornerstone of our success. Our customer relationships grow over time as our software platform is used for a broader range of products. Customers typically complete an initial deployment for one or two products and then add more products over time, building toward a unified consumer experience that supports multi-product shopping journeys. 
 
 Our customers are currently based in the United States and range in size from the largest banks, credit unions, fintechs, and other non-bank mortgage lenders in the nation to smaller community lenders with less than 1 billion in assets under management. 
 
 We focus our go-to-market strategy on large financial services firms. As of December 31, 2022, in the Blend Platform segment, we had 346 customers, including 39 of the top 100 financial services firms in the United States by assets under management and 24 of the top 100 non-bank mortgage lenders in the United States by loan volume. In 2022, 20 customers each generated more than 1 million in revenue for us in the Blend Platform segment, which represented 57.4 of the Blend Platform segment revenue. As of December 31, 2022, in the Title365 segment, we had 123 customers including 15 of the top 100 financial services firms in the United States by assets under management and 17 of the top 100 non-bank mortgage lenders in the United States by loan volume. In 2022, 12 customers each generated more than 1 million in revenue for us in the Title365 segment, which represented 89.4 of Title365 segment revenue. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Our team focuses on building successful long-term customer relationships through a customer-first go-to-market approach. Accounts are staffed with account teams who are responsible for making customers successful using our products, whether it is through technical implementations, organizational change, loan officer enablement, or industry best practices. Our internal teams are highly incentivized to go beyond the initial sale and to get accounts live and fully adopted on Blend. 
 
 Our products are sold through a direct sales force that continues to manage customer relationships on an ongoing basis post-sale. To create incentives for acquiring new customers and growing existing relationships, compensation is based on a combination of closing new deals and growing transaction volume through our software platform. We use a land and expand approach to growing customer relationships, typically completing an initial deployment for one or two products and then adding more products over time. 
 
 Our marketing approach focuses on helping the industry understand the value of Blend s suite of products and the power of the Blend Builder Platform. We aim to provide highly personalized experiences for customers and prospects as they engage with Blend and regularly highlight the success of our customers and share the impact Blend has had on their business. Our marketing efforts span across brand awareness, content development, digital marketing, demand generation and supporting our direct sales team. To maintain a high level of engagement with our customers, we participate in leading industry conferences and host our own executive summit called Blend Forum, where we discuss the latest innovations shaping the future of financial services. 
 Customer Success 
 We work in close partnership with our customers to help them rapidly deploy our software platform and realize value as quickly as possible from the breadth of our features. By investing deeply in the success of our customers, we seek to build a strong foundation for long-term relationships. Each customer is supported by a team of customer success managers, deployment and integration specialists. Most new customer deployments are completed within three to four months, including integrations to back-end systems. We often discount our deployment services during implementation to allow customers to engage with our platform and incentivize the customer to expand their investment in our products. 
 
 8 

We also provide both free and paid training services and maintain an online knowledge base with best practices and training information to help our customers educate loan originators, processors, and support staff. We publish weekly release notes featuring product updates, and our support professionals are available 24 hours per day, seven days per week, and 52 weeks per year to answer questions and help customers resolve issues. 
 Research Development 
 Our software platform operates as the interface that connects consumers, financial services firms, and third-party service providers such as realtors, property and casualty insurance providers, title agencies, and notaries. We invest substantial resources in research and development to expand our software platform by developing new components, features, and product offerings. Our engineering, product, and design teams build our software platform and products in close partnership with our customers and use focus groups with both customers and consumers to gain a deep understanding of the tasks and workflows we automate. We also analyze the data from millions of applications flowing through our system to understand opportunities for driving further efficiencies and improvements. 
 
 We use Agile software development methodologies and automated testing to support continuous product deployment with new code shipping nearly every week. Our modular platform architecture uses microservices and APIs to support the ability for our customers to create unique financial product offerings and consumer journeys. 
 Competition 
 The primary competitors for our software platform include point solution vendors, providers of back office software with proprietary digital capabilities, and systems developed internally at financial services firms. We also expect new players to enter the market and existing companies to allocate more resources to develop and market products that compete with ours. We contract with several providers of back-office software for financial services firms in order to integrate our products with their software, and these providers may choose to offer competing software products. We believe we distinguish ourselves from the competition through the breadth of our product offerings, the flexibility of our configurable platform architecture, our ability to support multi-product shopping experiences, the scale of our ecosystem, the service-provider marketplaces integrated into our product offerings, the size and scale of our customer base, and our ability to power superior end-to-end consumer journeys. 
 
 Competition in the title insurance industry may impact our business and is intense, particularly with respect to price, service, and expertise. Larger commercial mortgage originators also look to the size and financial strength of a title insurance agency. Although we provide title and settlement services to large commercial customers and mortgage originators, there are many other title insurance agencies that have substantially greater gross revenue than we do and, if affiliated with a title insurance underwriter, could have significantly greater capital. The size and number of title insurance agencies vary in the geographic areas in which we conduct our title business. Our competitors include other major title brokers and underwriters, as well as other regional title insurance companies, underwritten title companies, and independent agency operations at the regional and local level. Competition, expansion of existing competitors, or new entrants to the title business could affect our business operations and financial condition. 
 
 The principal competitive factors in our industry include: 
 product functionality; 
 consumer experience; 
 employee user experience; 
 time to value; 
 total cost of ownership; 
 flexibility; 
 scalability; 
 ease of integration; 
 level of customer satisfaction; 
 ability to innovate rapidly; 
 brand awareness; and 
 9 

brand reputation. 
 
 We believe our product strategy, speed of innovation, and company culture allow us to compete favorably with respect to these factors. However, we expect competition to increase as our competitors invest more in their digital capabilities. Our ability to remain competitive will depend on our ongoing efforts to expand our product capabilities and increase the value we deliver to our customers. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We believe that our success depends in part on our ability to protect our core technology and innovations. We rely on a combination of trademark, patent, copyright, and trade secret laws in the United States and other jurisdictions, as well as license agreements, contractual restrictions, non-disclosure agreements, intellectual property assignment agreements, and other contractual protections, to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. We control access to our proprietary technology by entering into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and contractors, and confidentiality agreements with third parties. Though we rely in part upon these legal and contractual protections, we believe that factors such as the technological and creative skills of our personnel, creation of new services, features and functionality, and frequent enhancements to our software platform are more essential to establishing and maintaining our technology leadership position. In addition, we use open source software in our services. The terms of various open source licenses have not been interpreted by United States courts, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our services. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had one issued patent in the United States and patent applications pending in the United States, European Patent Office, Canada, and Australia. We continue to evaluate our intellectual property portfolio, and may seek patent protection for additional intellectual property developed by us in the future. Additionally, we have registered the term Blend in the United States, the United Kingdom, and the European Union, and as of December 31, 2022, we had pending trademark applications in the United States. Furthermore, we have and will continue to evaluate, maintain, and register terms and logos that we use, or plan to use, as part of our business. We also have registered domain names that we use in, or are related to our business, most importantly www.blend.com. 
 
 We intend to pursue additional intellectual property protection to the extent we believe it would be beneficial and cost-effective. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, they may not be respected in the future or may be invalidated, circumvented, or challenged. For additional information, see the section titled Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Government Regulation 
 Our customers and prospective customers are highly regulated and are generally required to comply with stringent regulations in connection with performing business functions that our products and services address. Additionally, we facilitate compliance with these regulatory requirements. While we currently operate our business in an effort to ensure our business itself is not subject to extensive regulation, there is a risk that certain regulations could become applicable to us, including as we expand the functionality of and services offered through our software platform. In addition, we and our partners, vendors, and other service providers must comply with laws and regulatory regimes that apply to us directly and our partners, vendors, and other service providers indirectly, including through certain of our products, as a technology provider to financial services firms, and in areas such as privacy, information security and data protection, and our contractual relationships with our customers. 
 
 In particular, certain laws, regulations, and rules our customers are subject to, and we facilitate compliance with, include: 
 The Truth in Lending Act, or TILA, and Regulation Z promulgated thereunder, and similar state laws, which require certain disclosures to borrowers regarding the terms and conditions of their loans and credit transactions, and require creditors to comply with certain lending practice restrictions as well as the TILA-RESPA Integrated Disclosure rule, or TRID, which imposes specific requirements around the collection of information, charging of fees, and disclosure of specific loan terms and costs upon receipt of an application for credit; 
 10 

The Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, or RESPA and Regulation X which require certain disclosures to be made to the borrower at application, as to the financial services firm s good faith estimate of loan origination costs, and at closing with respect to the real estate settlement statement, prohibits giving or accepting any fee, kickback or a thing of value for the referral of real estate settlement services or accepting a portion or split of a settlement fee other than for services actually provided for affiliated business relationships, prohibits receiving anything other than a legitimate return on ownership, requiring use of an affiliate, and failing to provide a disclosure of the affiliate relationship; 
 The Equal Credit Opportunity Act, or ECOA, and Regulation B promulgated thereunder, and similar state fair lending laws, which prohibit creditors from discouraging or discriminating against credit applicants on the basis of race, color, sex, age, religion, national origin, marital status, the fact that all or part of the applicant s income derives from any public assistance program or the fact that the applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the federal Consumer Credit Protection Act; 
 The Fair Credit Reporting Act, or FCRA, and Regulation V promulgated thereunder, impose certain obligations on consumer reporting agencies, users of consumer reports and those that furnish information to consumer reporting agencies, including obligations relating to obtaining consumer reports, marketing using consumer reports, taking adverse action on the basis of information from consumer reports and protecting the privacy and security of consumer reports and consumer report information; 
 Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act, or FTC Act, which prohibits unfair and deceptive acts or practices in or affecting commerce, and Section 1031 of the Dodd-Frank Act, which prohibits unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices in connection with any consumer financial product or service, and analogous state laws prohibiting unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices; 
 Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, or GLBA, and Regulation P promulgated thereunder, which include limitations on financial services firms disclosure of nonpublic personal information about a consumer to nonaffiliated third parties, in certain circumstances requires financial services firms to limit the use and further disclosure of nonpublic personal information by nonaffiliated third parties to whom they disclose such information and requires financial services firms to disclose certain privacy notices and practices with respect to information sharing with affiliated and unaffiliated entities as well as to safeguard personal borrower information, and other laws and regulations relating to privacy and security; 
 Electronic Fund Transfer Act, or EFTA, and Regulation E promulgated thereunder, which provide guidelines and restrictions on the electronic transfer of funds from consumers bank accounts, including requirements for overdraft services and a prohibition on a creditor requiring a consumer to repay a credit agreement in preauthorized (recurring) electronic fund transfers and disclosure and authorization requirements in connection with such transfers; 
 Homeowners Protection Act, or HPA, which requires certain disclosures and the cancellation or termination of mortgage insurance once certain equity levels are reached; 
 Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, or HMDA, and Regulation C, which require reporting of loan origination data, including the number of loan applications taken, approved, denied and withdrawn; 
 Fair Housing Act, or FHA, which prohibits discrimination in housing on the basis of race, sex, national origin, and certain other characteristics; 
 The Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing, or the SAFE Act, which imposes state licensing requirements on mortgage loan originators; 
 state laws and regulations impose requirements related to unfair or deceptive business practices and consumer protection, as well as other state laws relating to privacy, data protection, information security, and conduct in connection with data breaches; 
 Telephone Consumer Protection Act, or TCPA, and the regulations promulgated thereunder, which impose various consumer consent requirements and other restrictions in connection with telemarketing activity and other communication with consumers by phone, fax or text message, and which provide guidelines designed to safeguard consumer privacy in connection with such communications; 
 Federal Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act of 2003, or CAN-SPAM Act, and the Telemarketing Sales Rule, or TSR, and analogous state laws, which impose various restrictions on marketing conducted by use of email, telephone, fax or text message; 
 11 

Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, or ESIGN Act, and similar state laws, particularly Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, or UETA, which authorize the creation of legally binding and enforceable agreements utilizing electronic records and signatures and which require financial services firms to obtain a consumer s consent to electronically receive disclosures required under federal and state laws and regulations; 
 Americans with Disabilities Act, or ADA, which has been interpreted to include websites as places of public accommodations that must meet certain federal requirements related to access and use; 
 Right to Financial Privacy Act, or RFPA and similar state laws enacted to provide the financial records of financial services firms customers a reasonable amount of privacy from government scrutiny; 
 Bank Secrecy Act, or BSA and the USA PATRIOT Act, which relate to compliance with anti-money laundering, borrower due diligence and record-keeping policies and procedures; 
 the regulations promulgated by the Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC under the U.S. Treasury Department related to the administration and enforcement of sanctions against foreign jurisdictions and persons that threaten U.S. foreign policy and national security goals, primarily to prevent targeted jurisdictions and persons from accessing the U.S. financial system; and 
 other state-specific and local laws and regulations. 
 
 In addition to the laws, regulations, and rules that apply to our customers, and that we facilitate compliance with, we, in our capacity as a service provider to financial services firms and as a provider of marketplace services directly to consumers, and our partners, vendors, and other service providers, may be deemed to be subject to certain laws, regulations, and rules through our relationships with our customers including RESPA, FCRA, FTC Act, GLBA, FHA, TCPA, the CAN-SPAM Act, TSR, ESIGN Act, ADA, OFAC, and state laws and regulations, including those that impose requirements related to unfair or deceptive business practices and consumer protection, as well as other state-specific laws relating to privacy, information security, data protection, and conduct in connection with data breaches. 
 
 We are also subject to a variety of laws, rules, and regulations relating to the real estate, property and casualty insurance, title insurance and settlement services industries, mobile- and internet-based businesses, and information security, advertising, privacy, data protection, and consumer protection laws. For example, we are subject to extensive licensing, anti-kickback, rate, and settlement practices regulations by the applicable state agencies in the jurisdictions in which our title insurance business operates. Title insurance rates are regulated differently in various states, with some states requiring us to file and receive approval of rates before such rates become effective and some states promulgating the rates that can be charged. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Legal and Regulatory Environment for additional information and a discussion of our regulatory risks. 
 Data Privacy and Security 
 The data we collect, use, receive, and otherwise process is integral to our business, providing us with insights to improve our software platform and our products. Our collection, use, receipt, and other processing of data in our business subjects us to numerous U.S. state, federal, and foreign laws and regulations addressing privacy, data protection, information security, and the collection, storing, sharing, use, transfer, disclosure, protection and processing of certain types of data. Such regulations include, for example, GLBA, the Children s Online Privacy Protection Act, the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, CAN-SPAM, Canada s Anti-Spam Law, TCPA, FCRA, the FTC Act, and CCPA. We work to comply with, and to help allow customers to comply with, applicable laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection and information security. This helps underpin our strategy of building trust and providing a strong experience to customers. 
 
 Despite our efforts to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and other obligations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security, it is possible that our interpretations of the law, practices, or software platform could be inconsistent with, or fail or be alleged to fail to meet all requirements of, such laws, regulations, or obligations. Our failure, or the failure by our partners, vendors, service providers, or customers, to comply with applicable laws or regulations or any other obligations relating to privacy, data protection, or information security, or any compromise of security that results in unauthorized access to, or use or release of personal information or other data relating to consumers or other individuals, or the perception that any of the foregoing types of failure or compromise has occurred, could damage our reputation, discourage new and existing customers and consumers from using our software platform, or result in fines, investigations, or proceedings by governmental agencies and private claims and litigation, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 12 

See the section titled Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Legal and Regulatory Environment Changes in laws or regulations relating to privacy, information security, data protection or the protection or transfer of personal information, or any actual or perceived failure by us to comply with such laws and regulations or any other obligations relating to privacy, information security, data protection or the protection or transfer of personal information, could adversely affect our business. for additional information about our approach to laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security. 
 Human Capital 
 Our employees are a key reason for our success and are essential for our continued growth. Our culture, industry success, and competitive compensation enable us to successfully retain our employees and to effectively recruit new talent aligned with our vision. We have received numerous awards for corporate culture and professional development. In 2021, we were named as one of America s Best Workplaces by Inc. Magazine. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had a total of 1,546 employees. Since April 2022, we have undertaken several workforce reduction actions as part of our broader efforts to improve cost efficiency and better align our operating structure with our business activities (the 2022 Workforce Reduction Plans ). In January 2023, we announced a further workforce reduction plan which will impact approximately 340 employees and will further streamline our title operations, as well as our corporate operations in R D, sales and marketing, and general and administrative functions (the January Plan and, together with the 2022 Workforce Reduction Plans, the Workforce Reduction Plans ). As part of these Workforce Reduction Plans, we offered all terminated employees 9 weeks of pay with continued health insurance coverage, two months of COBRA pay, and outplacement services to assist them in finding their next opportunity. Other offerings included access to a Talent Network where they can register to share their resume with thousands of recruiters and companies looking for great talent and continued access to Blend s employee assistance program, which offers free and confidential support and counseling to employees, their spouses, and their dependents. 
 
 None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We have not experienced any work stoppages, and we consider our relations with our employees to be good. 
 
 Corporate Information 
 Blend Labs, Inc. was incorporated in the state of Delaware on April 17, 2012. Our principal executive offices are located at 415 Kearny Street, San Francisco, California 94108, and our telephone number is (650) 550-4810. 
 Additional Information 
 Our website is located at https://www.blend.com and our investor relations website is located at https://investor.blend.com. Copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, our Proxy Statement for our annual meeting of stockholders and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, are available free of charge on our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such material electronically with or furnish it to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The SEC also maintains a website that contains our SEC filings at https://www.sec.gov. 
 
 We have used, and intend to continue to use, our website, investor relations website, news site (https://www. https://blend.com/company/newsroom), blog (https://blend.com/blog) and social media accounts, including our Twitter account (@blendlabsinc), our Facebook account (@BlendLabs) and our Instagram account (@blendlabs), as a means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. 
 
 The contents of the websites provided above are not intended to be incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC. Further, our references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 13 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Our business involves significant risks, some of which are described below. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and our consolidated financial statements and related notes. Any of the following risks could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, or prospects, and could cause the trading price of our Class A common stock to decline. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Our Risk Factors are not guarantees that no such conditions exist as of the date of this report and should not be interpreted as an affirmative statement that such risks or conditions have not materialized, in whole or in part. 
 Risk Factors Summary 
 The risks and uncertainties to which our business is subject include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 Our business is substantially dependent on revenue from the financial services industry and is therefore subject to risks impacting the mortgage industry and the larger financial services industry; 
 Increases in market interest rates have, and will likely continue to, adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations; 
 Unfavorable conditions in our industry or the global economy or reductions in technology spending could limit our ability to grow our business and adversely affect our financial conditions and results of operations; 
 We have a history of net losses, and we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability in the future; 
 A large percentage of our revenue is concentrated with a small number of key customers, and if our relationships with any of these key customers were to be terminated or the level of business with them significantly reduced over time, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and future prospects would be adversely affected; 
 If we fail to retain our existing customers or to acquire new customers in a cost-effective manner, or if our customers fail to maintain their utilization of our products and services, our revenue may decrease and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected; 
 We face intense competition, and if we are unable to compete effectively, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected; 
 We have previously experienced periods of rapid growth; however, our growth rate has fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate in the future; 
 We have a limited operating history in an evolving industry, which makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and may increase the risk that we will not be successful; 
 Our business, financial condition, and results of operations depend on our ability to adapt to technological change as well as global trends in the way customers access cloud-based banking software and successfully introduce new and enhanced products, services and business models; 
 Our results of operations have fluctuated from period to period, which has caused the market price of our Class A common stock to fluctuate; 
 We operate under a success-based model and often rely on self-reporting of completed transactions by our customers, which can make it difficult to estimate and forecast revenue; 
 We have in the past, and may in the future, make strategic acquisitions or enter into partnerships, strategic collaborations, joint ventures or licensing agreements and investments, and we face risks related to execution and the integration of such acquisitions or investments and the management of any associated growth; 
 The impairment of intangible assets, goodwill, and other assets arising from any future acquisitions or investments may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations; 
 A cyberattack, security breach or incident affecting us or the third parties we rely on or partner with could expose us or our customers and consumers to a risk of loss or misuse of confidential information and have an adverse effect on our reputation, brand, business, financial condition, and results of operations; 
 14 

We may be subject to claims, lawsuits, government investigations, and other proceedings that may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations; 
 Our customers are, and in some cases we are or may be, subject to, and we facilitate compliance with, a variety of federal, state, and local laws, including those related to consumer protection and financial services; 
 We depend on the interoperability of our platform across third-party applications and services that we do not control; 
 Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations; 
 We have previously identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting and may identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, which may result in material misstatements of our consolidated financial statements or cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations; 
 The trading price of our Class A common stock may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment; and 
 The multi-class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting power with Nima Ghamsari, Head of Blend, Co-Founder, and Chair of our board of directors, which will severely limit your ability to influence or direct the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of our board of directors, the adoption of amendments to our certificate of incorporation (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, and the approval of any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets or other major corporate transaction. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Operations 
 Our business is substantially dependent on revenue from the financial services industry and, is therefore subject to risks impacting the mortgage industry and the larger financial services industry. 
 A substantial majority of the transactions enabled through our platform and title orders processed relate to mortgage loans and refinances, and our financial prospects depend significantly on the financial services industry ecosystem. In recent weeks, there has been significant volatility and instability among banks and financial institutions. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank, or SVB, was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or the FDIC, as receiver. Similarly, on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each swept into receivership. These events, and others have resulted in significant uncertainty, and we cannot predict the short term or long term impacts on the financial services industry. To the extent our financial services customers or potential customers fail or experience downturns due to challenges in the general macroeconomic environment or adverse conditions in the financial or credit markets, these firms may decrease the amount of money they spend with us, or stop spending with us entirely. In addition, increased competition to financial services firms from challenger banks and technology disruptors as well as decreases in consumer demand in the financial services industry in general could adversely affect the demand for our product and, in turn, the number of customers and their consumers using our platform. The mortgage market is heavily influenced by government policies and overall economic conditions. The real estate environment, including interest rates and the general economic environment, typically impacts demand for mortgage and mortgage-related products. An increase in interest rates due to efforts by the Federal Reserve to manage rising inflation, combined with ongoing supply constraints, resulted in a decline in mortgage origination activity in 2022 and could bring further reductions in future periods. In their latest published update, the Mortgage Bankers Association indicated that overall mortgage originations, including refinancing loans, are expected to further decline in 2023. As a large portion of our revenue is driven by mortgage and mortgage-related transaction volumes, declines in mortgage origination volumes have had and are likely to continue to have adverse effects on our business. The number of mortgage loans and refinances has been and may continue to be affected by negative trends in the general economy in the United States and abroad, including conditions resulting from changes in gross domestic product, financial and credit market fluctuations, the potential recessionary environment and macroeconomic uncertainty, increased interest rates, the availability and cost of credit, reductions in business and consumer confidence, stock market volatility, increased unemployment, political turmoil, pandemics, natural catastrophes, warfare, such as the current war in Ukraine and the potential effects of sanctions, and terrorist attacks on the United States, Europe, the Asia Pacific region or elsewhere, and any such decrease in mortgage origination volumes is likely to have an adverse impact on our business. 
 15 

Increases in market interest rates have, and will likely continue to, adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Increasing interest rates have adversely impacted the spending levels of consumers and their ability and willingness to borrow money. In most cases, higher interest rates have led to higher loan rates charged to consumers, which has adversely affected the ability of our customers to generate volume and in turn, the number of transactions enabled through our platform and thus our ability to generate revenue from such transactions. The U.S. Federal Reserve raised the federal funds interest rates an aggregate of 4.25 over the course of 2022. The U.S. Federal Reserve further raised the federal funds interest rate in January 2023 for a 0.25 increase and indicated that it expects to raise that interest rate again in the future. As a result of interest rate increases, consumers and financial services firms may be less inclined to borrow money for mortgages, or to refinance existing mortgages, which may result in less engagement with our platform and/or our services. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, a reduction in the volume of transactions enabled through our platform and the value of title orders processed. In addition, revenue generated from such transactions may decline faster than our ability to reduce expenses, and such declines have and may continue to adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Unfavorable conditions in our industry or the global economy or reductions in technology spending could limit our ability to grow our business and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our results of operations may vary based on the impact of changes in our industry or the U.S. economy on us or our customers. The revenue growth and potential profitability of our business depend on demand for our solutions. Economic uncertainties have and could continue to adversely affect our business and results of operations. Negative conditions in the general economy in the United States and abroad, including conditions resulting from changes in gross domestic product growth, financial and credit market fluctuations, the potential recessionary environment and macroeconomic uncertainty, increased interest rates, the availability and cost of credit, reductions in business and consumer confidence, stock market volatility, increased unemployment, political turmoil, pandemics, natural catastrophes, warfare, such as the current war in Ukraine and the potential effects of sanctions, and terrorist attacks on the United States, Europe, the Asia Pacific region or elsewhere, could cause a decrease in lending activity and business investments, including spending on technology, and as a result, negatively affect the growth of our business. To the extent our solutions are perceived by customers and potential customers as costly, or too difficult to deploy or migrate to, our revenue may be disproportionately affected by delays or reductions in general technology spending. Also, competitors, some of whom are larger and more established than we are, may respond to market conditions by lowering prices and attempting to lure away our customers. We cannot predict the timing, strength or duration of any economic slowdown, instability or recovery, generally or within any particular industry. If the economic conditions of the general economy or markets in which we operate worsen from present levels, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 16 

We have a history of net losses, and we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 
 We have incurred net losses in each period since our inception in 2012, and we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability in the future. We incurred a net loss of 720.2 million and 169.9 million in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of 1,162.9 million and 442.8 million, respectively. We expect our losses to continue as we expect to incur significant costs and invest significant additional funds towards sustaining and growing our business and operating as a public company. We have expended and expect to continue to expend substantial financial and other resources on product development, including investments in our product, engineering, and design teams and the development of new products and new functionality for our existing products and our platform; our technology infrastructure, including systems architecture, management tools, scalability, availability, performance, and security, as well as disaster recovery measures; our sales, marketing, and customer success organizations; acquisitions or strategic investments; and general administration, including legal and accounting expenses. These efforts may be more costly than we expect and may not result in increased revenue or growth in our business. In addition, we expect to incur certain additional charges in the upcoming months in connection with the January Plan, including cash expenditures for employee benefits, severance payments, payroll taxes and related facilitation costs, as well as stock-based compensation. We may incur other charges or cash expenditures not currently contemplated due to unanticipated events that may occur as a result of or in connection with the implementation of the Workforce Reduction Plans, and there can be no assurance that we will be able achieve our projected cost savings in connection with the Workforce Reduction Plans or related initiatives. In addition, failure to increase our revenue sufficiently to keep pace with our investments and other expenses could prevent us from achieving or maintaining profitability or positive cash flows on a consistent basis. In light of increasing interest rates and other factors, the volume of transactions enabled through our platform and, as a result, revenue generated from such transactions, may decline faster than our ability to reduce expenses. Additionally, in an inflationary environment, our costs may increase, and we may not be able to increase the pricing of our products accordingly, which could adversely impact our financial performance. If we are unable to successfully address these risks and challenges as we encounter them, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 A large percentage of our revenue is concentrated with a small number of key customers, and if our relationships with any of these key customers were to be terminated or the level of business with them significantly reduced over time, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and future prospects would be adversely affected. 
 Historically, certain of our customers have accounted for a significant portion of our revenue. For example, for 2022, our top five customers in the Blend Platform segment accounted for 33.5 of the segment revenue, and as of December 31, 2022, we had 20 customers in the Blend Platform segment generating more than 1 million in annual revenue, which represented 57.4 of the segment revenue in 2022. Additionally, we rely on certain of our customers, including Mr. Cooper, for a significant portion of our title transaction volumes. For example, for 2022, our top five customers in the Title365 segment accounted for 78.1 of the segment revenue, with Mr. Cooper accounting for 53.1 of the segment revenue. In June 2022, we completed the migration of Mr. Cooper from traditional title to our software-enabled title solution and changed our reporting segments to align with a change in how our chief operating decision maker reviews financial information in order to allocate resources and assess performance. As a result of this change, revenue from our software-enabled title solution is presented within the Blend Platform segment, resulting in a decrease in revenue within the Title365 segment. As of December 31, 2022, we had 12 customers in the Title365 segment generating more than 1 million in annual revenue, which represented 89.4 of the segment revenue in 2022. We have experienced lower than anticipated title transaction volume since the closing of our Title365 acquisition and may experience further reductions in the future. Reductions in title transaction volume from any such customers, or a deterioration in our relationship with any such customers, could have a significant impact on our title business. The concentration of a significant portion of our business and transaction volume with a limited number of customers, or type of customer or industry, exposes us disproportionately to any of those customers choosing to no longer partner with us or choosing to partner with a competitor, to the economic performance or market share of those customers or industry, including as a result of challenger banks or technology disruptors, or to any events, circumstances, or risks affecting such customers or industry. Additionally, because we do not have long-term contractual financial commitments with many of our customers, a material modification in the financial operations of a key customer could affect our transaction volume with that customer and therefore our revenue growth. If we are unable to continue to increase the number of other customers on our platform or if any of our key customers were to suspend, limit, or cease their operations or otherwise terminate their relationship with us or lose market share, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 If we fail to retain our existing customers or to acquire new customers in a cost-effective manner, or if our customers fail to maintain their utilization of our products and services, our revenue may decrease and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 17 

Our ability to continue our growth in the future will depend in part on our success in maintaining successful relationships with our customers. If any of our customers were to suspend, limit, or cease their operations or otherwise terminate their relationships with us, the number of transactions enabled through our platform could decrease and our revenue and revenue growth rates could be adversely affected. In addition, having a diversified mix of customers is important to mitigate risk associated with changing consumer spending behavior, economic conditions, and other factors that may affect a particular type of financial services firm or industry. While we expect that the revenue from our largest customers will decrease over time as a percentage of our total revenue as we generate more revenue from other customers, we also believe that revenue from our largest customers may continue to account for a significant portion of our revenue, at least in the near term. 
 
 If we are not able to retain our existing customers or acquire new customers in a cost-effective manner, or if our customers fail to maintain their utilization of our products and services, we will not be able to continue to grow our business. Our ability to retain and grow our relationships with our customers depends on the willingness of customers to partner with us. The attractiveness of our platform to customers depends upon, among other things: our brand and reputation, the amount of fees that we charge, our ability to sustain our value proposition to our customers, products and services offered by competitors, and our ability to perform under, and maintain, our customer agreements. Many of our customers do not have long-term contractual financial commitments to us and, therefore, many of our customers may reduce or cease their use of our products and services at any time without penalty or termination charges. Additionally, a subset of our customers can generally terminate their agreements with us without cause with limited requirements to provide prior notice. Our customers could decide to stop working with us and cease processing transactions through our platform or enter into exclusive or more favorable relationships with our competitors. Further, any downturn in the financial services industry may cause our customers to reduce their spending on lending technology or to seek to terminate or renegotiate their agreements with us. Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions with us after the expiration of the initial or current subscription term, and our customers, if they choose to renew at all, may renew on pricing or other contract terms that are less favorable to us or otherwise ask to modify their agreement terms in a manner that is cost prohibitive to us. Our renewal rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including our customers satisfaction with our pricing or our products or their ability to continue their operations or spending levels. In addition, our customers regulators may require that they terminate or otherwise limit their business with us, or impose regulatory pressure limiting their ability to do business with us. If any of our customers were to stop working with us, suspend, limit, or cease their operations, do not renew their subscriptions with us on similar pricing terms, or otherwise terminate their relationships with us, the number of loans and other transactions enabled through our platform could decrease and our revenue and revenue growth rates could be adversely affected. 
 
 Additionally, as the markets for our cloud-based banking software continue to develop, we may be unable to attract new customers based on the same pricing models that we have used historically. Large or influential financial services firms may demand more favorable pricing or other contract terms from us. As a result, we may in the future be required to change our pricing model, reduce our prices, or accept other unfavorable contract terms, any of which could adversely affect our revenue and revenue growth rate. 
 
 We could in the future have disagreements or disputes with any of our customers, which could negatively impact or threaten our relationship with them. In our agreements with customers, we make certain representations and warranties and covenants concerning our performance and our compliance with certain laws and regulations applicable to the services to be provided by us to our customers. If those representations and warranties were not accurate when made or if we fail to perform a covenant, we may be liable for any resulting damages, including potentially any losses associated with impacted transactions, and our reputation and ability to continue to attract new customers could be adversely affected. Additionally, our customers may engage in mergers, acquisitions or consolidations with each other, our competitors or with third parties, any of which could be disruptive to our existing and prospective relationships with our customers. 
 
 If we fail to retain any of our larger customers or a substantial number of our smaller customers, if we do not acquire new customers, if we do not continually expand revenue and volume from customers on our platform, or if we do not attract and retain a diverse mix of customers, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and future prospects could be adversely affected. 
 18 

We face intense competition, and if we are unable to compete effectively, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 The market in which we operate is intensely competitive and characterized by shifting user preferences, fragmentation, and frequent introductions of new services and offerings. The primary competitors for our software platform include point solution vendors, providers of back office software with proprietary digital capabilities, and systems developed internally at financial services firms. Our current and future competitors may enjoy competitive advantages, such as greater name recognition, longer operating histories, greater category share in certain markets, market-specific knowledge, established relationships with financial services firms, including those with larger market share than our customers, and larger existing user bases in certain markets, more successful marketing capabilities, and substantially greater financial, technical, and other resources than we have. Greater financial resources and product development capabilities may allow these competitors to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in financial services firm preferences that may render our platform less attractive or obsolete. Our competitors may also make acquisitions or establish cooperative or other strategic relationships among themselves or with others, introduce new offerings with competitive price and performance characteristics or undertake more aggressive marketing campaigns than ours. Additionally, many of our competitors are well capitalized and offer discounted services, lower pricing, incentives, discounts and promotions, and innovative platforms and offerings, which may be more attractive than those that we offer. Further, our customers may decide to develop their own solutions that compete with ours. 
 
 As we and our competitors introduce new offerings and invest more in digital capabilities, and as existing offerings evolve, we expect to become subject to additional competition. Our competitors may adopt certain of our platform features or may adopt innovations that our customers value more highly than ours, which would render our platform less attractive and reduce our ability to differentiate our platform. Increased competition could result in, among other things, a reduction of the revenue we generate from the use of our platform from reduced demand or pricing pressures, the number of customers, the frequency of use of our platform, and our margins. For all of these reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully. If we lose existing customers, fail to attract new customers, or are forced to make pricing concessions as a result of increased competition, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We have previously experienced periods of rapid growth; however, our growth rate has fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate in the future. 
 We grew rapidly over the last several years, and in recent periods, our growth rate has fluctuated primarily due to macroeconomic factors, including an unfavorable interest rate environment, decreased housing affordability, and uncertain worldwide political and economic conditions in 2022. Our historical revenue growth rate and financial performance may not be indicative of our future performance. In 2022 and 2021, our Blend Platform segment revenue was 132.0 million and 135.6 million, respectively, representing a 3 year-over-year decline. We believe that growth of our revenue depends on a number of factors, including our ability to price our products and services effectively so that we are able to attract and retain customers without compromising our profitability, attract new customers, increase our existing customers use of our solutions, provide our customers with excellent support, and successfully identify and acquire or invest in businesses, products, or technology that we believe could complement or expand our solutions. However, we are also impacted by macroeconomic factors over which we have no control, which have adversely impacted our business in recent periods. 
 
 You should not rely on our revenue or key business metrics for any previous quarterly or annual period as any indication of our revenue, revenue growth, key business metrics, or key business metrics growth in future periods. In particular, our revenue growth rate has fluctuated in prior periods, and we expect it to continue to fluctuate over future periods. Our revenue growth rate may decline in future periods as the size of our business grows and as we achieve higher market adoption rates, or for a number of other possible reasons, including macroeconomic conditions, reduced demand for our products and services, insufficient growth in the number of financial services firms that utilize our products and services or the lack of expansion of products and services within our existing customer base, transaction volume and mix, particularly with our significant customers, increased competition, a decrease in the growth or reduction in size of our overall market, unintended consequences from the Workforce Reduction Plans or related initiatives that impact our business, or if we fail for any reason to capitalize on growth opportunities and the maturation of our business, among others. We also expect to continue to make investments in the development and expansion of our business, which may not result in increased revenue or growth. If our revenue growth rate declines, investors perceptions of our business and the trading price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected. 
 We have a limited operating history in an evolving industry, which makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and may increase the risk that we will not be successful. 
 We were founded in 2012 and have previously experienced periods of rapid growth, but due primarily to macroeconomic factors, including an unfavorable interest rate environment, decreased housing affordability, and uncertain worldwide political 
 19 

and economic conditions in fiscal year 2022, our growth rate declined. Our limited operating history may make it difficult to make accurate predictions about our future performance. Assessing our business and future prospects may also be difficult because of the risks and difficulties we face. These risks and difficulties include our ability to: 
 accurately forecast the impact of macroeconomic or other external factors on our business, including the timing and extent of such impacts; 
 accurately forecast our revenue and plan or adjust our operating expenses in light of fluctuations in our revenue; 
 develop a scalable, high-performance technology infrastructure that can efficiently and reliably handle increased usage, as well as the deployment of new features and services; 
 maintain and increase the volume of transactions enabled through our platform; 
 enter into new and maintain existing customer relationships; 
 successfully identify, negotiate, execute, and integrate acquisitions or partnerships; 
 successfully compete with current and future competitors; 
 successfully build our brand and protect our reputation from negative publicity; 
 increase the effectiveness of our marketing strategies; 
 successfully adjust our proprietary technology, products, and services in a timely manner in response to changing macroeconomic conditions and fluctuations in the credit market; 
 enter into new and maintain existing ecosystem partnerships; 
 successfully introduce and integrate new products and services and enter new markets and geographies; 
 adapt to rapidly evolving trends in the ways customers and consumers interact with technology; 
 comply with and successfully adapt to complex and evolving regulatory environments; 
 protect against fraud and online theft; 
 avoid interruptions or disruptions in our service; 
 effectively secure and maintain the confidentiality of the information received, accessed, stored, provided, and used across our systems; 
 successfully obtain and maintain funding and liquidity to support continued growth and general corporate purposes; 
 attract, integrate, and retain qualified employees; and 
 effectively manage growth in our personnel and operations. 
 
 If we fail to address the risks and difficulties that we face, including those associated with the challenges listed above as well as those described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Further, because we have limited historical financial data and operate in a rapidly evolving market, any predictions about our future revenue and expenses may not be as accurate as they would be if we had a longer operating history or operated in a more predictable market. We have encountered in the past, and will encounter in the future, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies with limited operating histories in rapidly changing industries. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties, which we use to plan and operate our business, are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our results of operations could differ materially from our expectations and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our business, financial condition, and results of operations depend on our ability to adapt to technological change as well as global trends in the way customers access cloud-based banking software and successfully introduce new and enhanced products, services and business models. 
 
 We operate in industries that are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, and frequent new product introductions. We believe that the pace of innovation will continue to accelerate as customers increasingly base their technology investments on a broad range of factors, including products and markets addressed, performance and scale, consumer experience, data governance, and regulatory compliance. We must continue to innovate and develop new products and features to meet changing customer and consumer needs and attract and retain talented software developers. 
 
 20 

Our business depends significantly on revenue from large and mid-sized financial services firms. As our existing platform components mature, we will need to successfully integrate new products on our platform, including by achieving interoperability between such new products and our existing products, as well as upgrade the decisioning, verification, and automation components of our existing platform in order to continue to help our customers adapt quickly to constantly changing market conditions. If we are not able to develop and clearly demonstrate the value of new products, upgraded components, or services to our customers, or effectively utilize our customers data to provide them with value, our ability to retain and acquire customers could be adversely affected. If competitors introduce new offerings embodying new technologies, or if new industry standards and practices emerge, our existing technology, services, and website may become obsolete. Our future success could depend on our ability to respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices in a cost-effective and timely manner. 
 
 We have scaled our business rapidly and significant new platform features and services have in the past resulted in, and in the future may continue to result in, operational challenges affecting our business. Developing and launching enhancements to our platform and new products and services on our platform may involve significant technical risks and upfront capital investments that may not generate return on investment. We may use new technologies ineffectively, or we may fail to adapt to emerging industry standards. If we face material delays in introducing new or enhanced platform features, products, and services or if our recently introduced offerings do not perform in accordance with our expectations, the customers and consumers that utilize our platform may forego the use of our services in favor of those of our competitors, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our results of operations have fluctuated from period to period, which has caused the market price of our Class A common stock to fluctuate. 
 Our results of operations have historically varied from period to period, and we expect that our results of operations will continue to vary significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year because of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control and difficult to predict. As a result, you should not rely upon our historical results of operations as indicators of future performance. Numerous factors can influence our results of operations, including: 
 our ability to attract and retain customers in a cost-effective manner; 
 our ability to maintain or increase loan volumes, transactions processed, platform utilization, and title orders closed, and improve loan mix; 
 our ability to successfully expand in existing markets and successfully enter new markets; 
 changes in financial services firm behavior with respect to cloud-based software products and solutions; 
 the amount and timing of operating expenses related to maintaining and expanding our business, operations, and infrastructure, including acquiring new and maintaining existing customers; 
 our ability to successfully identify, negotiate, execute, and integrate strategic acquisitions or partnerships; 
 the mix of revenue we generate from our products and our marketplace; 
 the timing and success of new products and services; 
 the impact of worldwide economic conditions, including economic slowdowns, changes in market interest rates, recessions, housing affordability, and tightening of credit markets, including due to the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the war in Ukraine; 
 the seasonality of our business; 
 our ability to maintain an adequate rate of growth and effectively manage that growth; 
 our ability to keep pace with technology changes in our industry; 
 the success of our sales and marketing efforts; 
 the effects of negative publicity on our business, reputation, or brand; 
 our ability to protect, maintain, and enforce our intellectual property; 
 costs associated with defending claims, including intellectual property infringement claims, and related judgments or settlements; 
 changes in governmental or other regulations, including state and federal banking laws and regulations or in federal monetary policies, affecting our business; 
 21 

interruptions in service and any related impact on our business, reputation, or brand; 
 the attraction, retention and engagement of qualified employees and key personnel; 
 our ability to choose and effectively manage partners, vendors, and other service providers; 
 the effects of natural or man-made catastrophic events; 
 the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting; and 
 changes in our tax rates or exposure to additional tax liabilities. 
 
 The variability and unpredictability of our results of operations could result in our failure to meet our expectations or those of analysts that cover us or investors with respect to revenue or other results of operations for a particular period. If we fail to meet or exceed such expectations, the market price of our Class A common stock could fall substantially, and we could face costly lawsuits, including securities class action suits. 
 We operate under a success-based business model and often rely on self-reporting of completed transactions by our customers, which can make it difficult to estimate and forecast revenue. 
 We offer our digital lending platform and products to financial institutions through software-as-a-service agreements where fees are assessed for each completed transaction, such as a funded loan, new account opening, or API call. For those products that involve a loan or deposit account application we do not charge for abandoned applications or rejected applications, even though they cause us to incur costs. Our customers have the ability to access our platform, including Blend Builder Platform, our configurable platform, under subscription arrangements, in which customers commit to (a) a minimum number of completed transactions at specified prices over the contract term, (b) under usage-based arrangements, in which customers pay in arrears a variable amount for completed transactions at a specified price or (c) a fixed price platform fee, allowing the use of multiple products and services, including those on Blend Builder Platform. We may earn additional overage fees if the number of completed transactions exceeds contractual minimums for customers who elect to enter into subscription agreements in which a minimum number of transactions are completed at specified prices. Additionally, other than our usage-based agreements pursuant to which customers pay for a variable amount of completed transactions, our subscription agreements are generally non-cancellable during the contract term. Our usage-based arrangements generally can be terminated at any time by the customer. We recognize revenue ratably for our subscription arrangements because the customer receives and consumes the benefits of our platform throughout the contract period. We recognize fees for usage-based arrangements as the completed transactions are processed using our platform. 
 
 We use and often rely on the reporting of completed transactions by our customers when invoicing them for usage and overage fees in connection with our arrangements. If the reporting of completed transactions by our customers is not timely or accurate, it may impact our ability to estimate revenue, which may impact the accuracy of our actual and forecasted revenue recognized from our customers. If we incorrectly forecast revenue from our customers and the amount of revenue is less than projections we provide to investors, the price of our Class A common stock could decline substantially and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We have in the past, and may in the future, make strategic acquisitions or enter into partnerships, strategic collaborations, joint ventures or licensing agreements and investments, and we face risks related to the execution and integration of such acquisitions, including our acquisition of Title365, or investments and the management of any associated growth. 
 We have in the past and plan to continue to expand and diversify our operations with strategic acquisitions or partnerships, strategic collaborations, joint ventures, or licensing arrangements and investments in and with companies, businesses, personnel, and technologies in the future. For example, on June 30, 2021, we completed our acquisition of Title365. Each acquisition requires unique approaches to integration due to, among other reasons, the structure of the acquisitions, the integration of technology, the size, locations, and cultural differences among their teams and ours, and has required, and will continue to require, attention from our management team. Such acquisitions and investments may also require additional management resources to integrate more significant and often more complex businesses into our company. 
 
 We may be unable to identify or complete prospective acquisitions or partnerships, strategic collaborations, joint ventures or licensing arrangements and investments for many reasons, including, competition for acquisition targets, our inability or unwillingness to pay for targets with high valuations, the absence of a market for certain strategic transactions we may want to pursue or our inability to identify suitable targets, or our inability to finance an acquisition. Antitrust or other regulatory requirements may also delay or prevent an acquisition or require us to make changes to our business to be able to consummate the acquisition. Further, any issuances of equity as part of the consideration for the target will dilute our existing stockholders. 
 22 

Even if we are able to complete an acquisition, partnership, or investment, our future success depends in part on our ability to integrate any future acquisitions and manage any investments, businesses, and partnerships effectively, and we can provide no assurance that such acquired businesses, or any investment or strategic transaction that we enter into, will be successfully integrated into our business, generate revenue, or achieve any expected benefits on a timely basis or at all. 
 
 Any future acquisitions, or similar strategic transactions involve numerous risks, any of which could harm our business and negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations, including: 
 diversion of management s attention, including oversight over acquired businesses; 
 difficulty in accurately forecasting and accounting for the financial impact of an acquisition transaction, including accounting charges, write-offs of deferred revenue under purchase accounting, and integrating and reporting results for acquired companies that have not historically followed U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP 
 maintaining employee morale and retaining key employees; 
 integration of operations, systems, technologies, products, and personnel of each acquired company, the inefficiencies and lack of control that may result if such integration is delayed or not implemented, and unforeseen difficulties and expenditures that may arise in connection with integration; 
 implementation of internal controls, procedures, and policies, in particular, with respect to the effectiveness of internal controls, cyber and information security practices, incident response plans, and business continuity and disaster recovery plans, compliance with privacy, data protection, information security, and other regulations, and compliance with U.S.-based economic policies and sanctions which may not have previously been applicable to the acquired company s operations; 
 implementation of restructuring actions and cost reduction initiatives to streamline operations and improve cost efficiencies; 
 our acquisitions or investments may not achieve the planned objectives or return on investment and we may incur impairment charges for acquired intangible assets, goodwill or investments; 
 we may be required to pay contingent consideration in excess of the initial fair value, and contingent consideration may become payable at a time when we do not have sufficient cash available to pay such consideration; 
 significant costs incurred in connection with acquisition transactions, such as professional service fees; 
 the risk that any additional stock-based compensation issued or assumed in connection with an acquisition or strategic transaction may dilute our current stockholders, which may in turn impact our stock price and results of operations; 
 in the case of foreign acquisitions or acquisitions that include a foreign entity or operations, the need to integrate operations across different cultures and languages and to address the particular economic, currency, political, and regulatory risks associated with specific countries as well as tax risks that may arise from the acquisition; 
 tax risks, including any requirement to make tax withholdings in various jurisdictions in connection with such transactions or as part of our continuing operations following a transaction, and companies or businesses that we acquire may cause us to alter our international tax structure or otherwise create more complexity with respect to tax matters; 
 increasing legal, regulatory, and compliance exposure, and the additional costs related to mitigate each of those, as a result of adding new offices, employees, and other service providers, benefit plans, equity awards, job types, and lines of business globally; and 
 liability for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition, including intellectual property, commercial, and other litigation claims or disputes, cyber and information security vulnerabilities and incidents, violations of laws, rules and regulations, including with respect to employee classification, tax liabilities, and other known and unknown liabilities. 
 
 23 

In particular, the ongoing integration of Title365 into our existing operations has resulted in greater than anticipated costs and management attention. We may not be able to integrate Title365 into our existing operations in a timely manner or at all, and as such, we may not be able to achieve the anticipated benefits of our acquisition of Title365, including cost savings and other synergies and growth opportunities. Failure to realize the full extent of the anticipated benefits of our acquisition of Title365, as well as any delays encountered in the integration process, has and could continue to have an adverse effect on our revenue, level of expenses, and results of operations. In addition, it is possible that the integration process has resulted in and could in the future result in the loss of key employees, errors or delays in the implementation of shared services, the disruption of our ongoing business, or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, and policies that may adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with other employees and customers or to achieve the anticipated benefits of our acquisition of Title365. 
 
 If we fail to address the foregoing risks or other problems encountered in connection with past acquisitions or are unable to successfully integrate and manage our acquisitions and investments, we may not realize the expected benefits of such acquisitions or other strategic transactions or become exposed to additional liabilities, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 The impairment of intangible assets, goodwill, and other assets arising from any future acquisitions or investments may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations 
 When we acquire or invest in a business, a substantial portion of the purchase price of the acquisition may be allocated to goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets. Under U.S. GAAP, we review goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually, and more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of goodwill or an indefinite-lived asset below its carrying value. An adverse change in market conditions or operating results, particularly if such change has the effect of changing one of our critical assumptions or estimates, could result in a change to the estimation of fair value that could result in an impairment charge to our goodwill or intangible assets. Moreover, we may not be able to achieve our business targets for any future acquisitions or investments, which could result in us incurring additional goodwill and other intangible assets impairment charges. Further declines in our market capitalization increase the risk that we may be required to perform another impairment analysis, which could result in an impairment of up to the entire balance of our goodwill and other intangible assets. Any such impairment charge or write-off may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 For example, due to a continued decline in economic and market conditions, including a decline in our market capitalization, and current and projected declines in the operating results of the Title365 reporting unit, we determined that factors existed which triggered a goodwill impairment review under U.S. GAAP as of June 30, 2022. As such, we performed an interim quantitative impairment analysis and as a result of our assessment, we determined the carrying amounts of certain impacted assets are not recoverable. Based on this analysis, we recorded an impairment charge comprised of a 240.1 million write-down of goodwill and a 151.7 million write-down of customer relationship intangible assets. Subsequently, based on further deterioration in the market conditions in the third quarter of 2022, such as continued increases in interest rates, we determined that triggering events existed as of September 30, 2022, and performed another interim quantitative impairment analysis. Based on this analysis, we recorded an impairment charge comprised of a 47.1 million write-down of goodwill and a 10.7 million write-down of the customer relationship intangible asset, resulting in the full write-off of the goodwill and customer relationship intangible assets. 
 The terms of our credit facility require us to meet certain operating and financial covenants and place restrictions on our operating and financial flexibility. If we raise additional capital through debt financing, the terms of any new debt could further restrict our ability to operate our business. 
 Our credit facility contains customary affirmative and negative covenants that either limit our ability to, or require a mandatory prepayment in the event we incur certain additional indebtedness and liens, merge with other companies or consummate certain changes of control, acquire other companies, engage in new lines of business, make certain investments, pay dividends, transfer or dispose of assets, amend certain material agreements, and enter into various specified transactions. As a result, to the extent any transaction of the foregoing type is contemplated but not permitted by a carve-out or basket in the credit facility, we may not be able to engage in any such transaction unless we obtain the consent of our lender or prepay any outstanding amount under our credit facility. Our credit facility also contains a minimum liquidity covenant and financial reporting requirements. Our obligations under our credit facility are secured by substantially all of our assets (other than Title365 and its direct and indirect subsidiaries), with limited exceptions. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow to pay the principal and interest under our credit facility. In the event of a liquidation, our lender would be repaid all outstanding principal and interest prior to the distribution of assets to unsecured creditors, and the holders of our Class A common stock would receive a portion of any liquidation proceeds only if all of our creditors, including our lenders, were first repaid in full. Any declaration by our 
 24 

lender of an event of default could significantly harm our business and prospects and could cause the price of our common stock to decline. If we raise any additional debt financing, the terms of such additional debt could further restrict our operating and financial flexibility. 
 We may be unable to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our significant debt service obligations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and results of operations, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, legislative, regulatory, and other factors beyond our control. We may not be able to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, or interest on our indebtedness. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay strategic acquisitions and partnerships, capital expenditures, and payments on account of other obligations, seek additional capital, restructure or refinance our indebtedness, or sell assets. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. Our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and could require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. In addition, we cannot assure you that we will be able to refinance any of our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 
 
 Our credit facility is subject to a floating rate of SOFR plus a margin, and as a result, we have exposure to interest rate risk. In 2022, the U.S. Federal Reserve raised the federal funds interest rates an aggregate of 4.25 . The U.S. Federal Reserve further raised the federal funds interest rate in January 2023 for a 0.25 increase and indicated that it expects to raise that interest rate again in the future. Though we have met our debt service obligations under the credit facility, increases in interest rates increase our cost of borrowing and potentially make it more difficult to refinance our existing indebtedness, if necessary. 
 
 If we are unable to repay or otherwise refinance our indebtedness when due, or if any other event of default is not cured or waived, the applicable lenders could accelerate our outstanding obligations or proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness, which could force us into bankruptcy or liquidation. In the event the applicable lenders accelerate the repayment of our borrowings, we and our subsidiaries may not have sufficient assets to repay that indebtedness. Any acceleration of amounts due under the agreements governing our credit facility or the exercise by the applicable lenders of their rights under the security documents could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A cyberattack, security breach, or incident affecting us or the third parties we rely on or partner with could expose us or our customers and consumers to a risk of loss or misuse of confidential information and have an adverse effect on our reputation, brand, business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We are increasingly dependent on information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect, receive, use, transmit, store, and otherwise process large amounts of sensitive information, including personal information, credit information, and other sensitive and confidential information of consumers. It is critical that we do so in a manner designed to maintain the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of such sensitive information. Additionally, in the ordinary course of our business, we collect, store, transmit, and otherwise process large amounts of confidential business information, including intellectual property, proprietary corporate and business information, and other confidential information. We also have arrangements in place with certain of our partners, vendors, and other service providers that require us to share certain of the information we maintain and otherwise process, including consumer information, with them. Certain elements of our operations (including elements of our information technology infrastructure) rely on third parties, and as a result, we manage numerous third-party service providers that may have access to our computer networks and sensitive or confidential information. In addition, many of those third parties may subcontract or outsource some of their responsibilities to other third parties. Our information technology systems, including the functions of third parties that are involved with or have access to those systems, are large and complex, with many points of entry and access. Our systems and those of our third-party service providers are potentially vulnerable to and may be subject to unintentional, inadvertent, or malicious, internal and external cyberattacks, including security breaches, incidents, exposures, intrusions, malware, ransomware, social engineering attacks, phishing and spearphishing attempts, fraudulent inducement, electronic fraud, wire fraud attempts to overload our servers with distributed denial-of-service attacks, employee theft, error, or malfeasance, unauthorized access by third parties (including foreign governments or state actors with significant financial and technological resources) or internal actors, or other attacks and similar disruptions. Any vulnerabilities can be exploited from inadvertent or intentional actions of our employees, partners, vendors, service providers, customers, or by malicious third parties. For example, in December 2021, a vulnerability in a popular logging software, Log4j, was publicly announced. If left unpatched, the Log4j vulnerability could be exploited to allow unauthorized actors to execute code remotely on a system using Log4j. We have taken steps to ensure this vulnerability 
 25 

has been patched in our systems, but we cannot guarantee that all vulnerabilities have been patched in every system upon which we are dependent or that additional vulnerabilities of Log4j or other software upon which we rely will not be discovered. Additionally, to the extent manual processes are involved in the handling of sensitive information, such sensitive information could be inadvertently misdirected despite our training and quality assurance precautions. While we have taken steps to protect the sensitive and confidential information that we have access to and have implemented multiple overlapping controls to reduce risk of a single control failure, our security measures or those of our partners, vendors, or other service providers could be breached or we could suffer data loss, unavailability, corruption, or unauthorized use or other processing, or unauthorized access to our platform or the systems or networks used in our business. 
 
 Because cyberattacks of this nature are increasing in frequency, levels of persistence, sophistication and intensity, and techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and may not be known until they are launched against a target, we and our partners, vendors, and other service providers may be unable to anticipate or prevent these attacks, react in a timely manner, or implement adequate preventive measures, and we may face delays in our detection or remediation of, or other responses to, security breaches and other privacy- and security-related incidents. These security risks that we and our partners, vendors, and other service providers face have been heightened by an increase in employees and service providers working remotely in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Additionally, these risks may be elevated in connection with the current war in Ukraine. 
 
 In addition, consumers on our platform could have vulnerabilities on their own devices that are entirely unrelated to our systems and platform but could mistakenly attribute their own vulnerabilities to us. Consumers on our platform may also provide sensitive information to other third parties through their use of our platform, and consumers could mistakenly attribute any misuse of such information by other third parties to us. Further, breaches and incidents experienced by other companies may also be leveraged against us. For example, credential stuffing and business email compromise attacks are becoming increasingly common and sophisticated actors can mask their attacks, making them increasingly difficult to identify and prevent. Certain efforts may be state-sponsored or supported by significant financial and technological resources, making them even more difficult to detect, remediate, and otherwise respond to. 
 
 There also have been and may continue to be significant supply chain attacks, and we cannot guarantee that our or our partners , vendors , or service providers systems and networks have not been breached or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or incident impacting, or a disruption to our systems and networks or the systems and networks of third parties that support us and our services. In addition, laws, regulations, government guidance, and industry standards and practices in the United States and elsewhere are rapidly evolving to combat these threats. We may face increased compliance burdens regarding such requirements with regulators and customers regarding our products and services and will incur additional costs for oversight and monitoring of our own supply chain. 
 
 Although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect the confidential and sensitive information we maintain and our partners, vendors, and other service providers maintain on our behalf, including personal information of our customers, consumers, and employees, protect our systems, prevent data loss, and prevent security breaches and security incidents, these security measures may not have fully protected our systems in the past and cannot guarantee security in the future. The information technology systems and infrastructure used in our business may be vulnerable to cyberattacks or security breaches, and third parties may be able to access data, including personal information of our customers, consumers, or employees, or other sensitive and proprietary data, accessible through those systems. Employee error, malfeasance, or other errors in the storage, use, or transmission of any of these types of data could result in an actual or perceived privacy or security breach or other security incident. Although we have policies and technologies restricting access to the personal information we store, there is a risk that these policies and technologies may not be effective in all cases. Any breach of privacy, or any security breach or other incident, could interrupt our operations, result in our platform being unavailable, result in loss of or improper access to, or acquisition, disclosure, or other processing of sensitive or confidential information, personal information, or other data, result in fraudulent transfer of funds. Further, any such event, or the perception it has occurred, may harm our reputation, brand, and competitive position, damage our relationships with our customers, subject us to adverse media coverage, or result in claims, regulatory investigations, and proceedings and significant legal, regulatory, and financial exposure, including ongoing monitoring by regulators, and any such incidents or any perception that our security measures are inadequate could lead to loss of customer confidence in, or decreased use of, our platform, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Any actual or perceived breach of privacy or security, or other security incident, impacting any entities with which we share or disclose data (including, for example, our partners, vendors, or other service providers) could have similar effects. We also expect to incur significant costs in an effort to detect and prevent privacy and security breaches and other security incidents, and we may face increased costs and requirements to expend substantial resources in the event of an actual or perceived privacy or security breach or other incident. 
 
 26 

Additionally, defending against claims or litigation based on any privacy or security breach or other security incident, regardless of their merit, could be costly and divert management s attention. We cannot ensure that any provisions in our agreements with customers, contracts with service providers and other contracts relating to limitations of liability, including those in connection with a privacy or security breach or other security incident, would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from any liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim. We cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate for data handling or information security costs or liabilities actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have an adverse effect on our reputation, brand, business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 The success of our business depends on a trustworthy reputation and strong brand and any failure to maintain, protect, and enhance our brand would hurt our ability to retain or expand our base of customers and our ability to increase their level of engagement. 
 We believe maintaining a trustworthy reputation and strong brand is critical to our success and our ability to attract customers to our platform and maintain good relations with regulators. Our reputation, brand, and ability to build trust with existing and new customers may be adversely affected by complaints and negative publicity about us, our platform, partners, and customers that utilize our platform or our competitors platforms, even if factually incorrect or based on isolated incidents. Negative perception of our platform or company may harm our reputation and brand, including as a result of: 
 perceptions of cloud-based software and our industry and our company, including the quality, security, and reliability of our cloud-based software platform; 
 the overall user experience of our platform; 
 changes to our platform; 
 a failure to provide a range of options sought by customers or consumers; 
 our ability to effectively manage and resolve customer and consumer complaints; 
 fraudulent, illegal, negligent, reckless, or otherwise inappropriate behavior by users or third parties; 
 actual or perceived disruptions to, failures of, or defects, bugs, vulnerabilities, or errors in our platform or similar incidents, such as privacy or security breaches or other security incidents, site outages, payment disruptions, or other incidents that impact or may be perceived to impact the reliability of our services, including services provided by third parties we rely on; 
 litigation over, or investigations by regulators into, our platform; 
 customers or consumers lack of awareness of, or compliance with, our policies; 
 a failure to comply with legal, tax, privacy, data protection, information security, or regulatory requirements; 
 changes to our practices with respect to collection and use of customer and consumer data; 
 a failure to enforce our policies in a manner that users perceive as effective, fair, and transparent; 
 a failure to operate our business in a way that is consistent with our values and mission; 
 inadequate or unsatisfactory support experiences for our customers; 
 illegal or otherwise inappropriate behavior by our management team or other employees or contractors; or 
 a failure to register and prevent misappropriation of our trademarks. 
 
 If we do not successfully develop, protect, and enhance our reputation and brand, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 27 

If we fail to manage our growth effectively, our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 In the past, we have experienced periods of rapid growth in our customers, and our operations, and we expect to experience growth in the future. We have also experienced significant growth in employee headcount for several years in the past both at our San Francisco headquarters and through remote work arrangements. Our growth has placed, and may continue to place, substantial demands on management and our operational and financial infrastructure. However, from time to time, we have undertaken restructuring actions to better align our financial model and our business. For example, we have undertaken the Workforce Reduction Plans to reduce operating expenses and adjust cash flows in light of the ongoing macroeconomic environment and its impact on our business. We may need to take additional restructuring actions in the future to align our business with the market. Steps we take to manage our business operations, including reductions in operating expense and restructurings may adversely impact our business. Steps we take to manage our business operations and future growth may adversely affect our reputation and brand, our ability to recruit, retain and motivate highly skilled personnel. 
 
 We have made, and intend to continue to make in the future, substantial investments in our technology, customer service, risk, sales and marketing infrastructure. Our ability to manage our growth and business operations effectively and to integrate new employees, technologies, and acquisitions into our existing business will require us to continue to expand our operational and financial infrastructure and to continue to effectively integrate, develop, and motivate employees, while maintaining the beneficial aspects of our culture. Continued growth could challenge our ability to develop and improve our information technology infrastructure and our operational, financial, and management controls, enhance our reporting systems and procedures, recruit, train, and retain highly skilled personnel and maintain user satisfaction. Additionally, if we do not manage the growth of our business and operations effectively, the quality of our platform and the efficiency of our operations could suffer, which could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations. For example, in connection with the audit of our consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. Our failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could result in errors in our consolidated financial statements that could result in a restatement of our financial statements and could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, any of which could diminish investor confidence in us and could cause a decline in the price of our Class A common stock. While we believe that the previously reported material weakness has been remediated as of December 31, 2022, additional weaknesses in our disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting may be discovered in the future. We will need to continue to improve our operational and financial infrastructure in order to manage our business effectively and accurately report our results of operations. 
 Systems failures and resulting interruptions in the availability of our website or platform, or other delays or slow response times from our website or platform, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We currently serve our customers and consumers on our platform from third-party data center hosting facilities. It is critical to our success that our customers (including their customers) and consumers be able to access our platform at all times, and that the performance of our platform is responsive and rapid. Our systems, or those of third parties upon which we rely, may experience service interruptions, outages, failures, or degradation or other performance problems because of hardware and software defects or malfunctions, distributed denial-of-service and other cyberattacks, infrastructure changes, human error, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, other natural disasters, power losses, disruptions in telecommunications services, fraud, military or political conflicts, terrorist attacks, computer viruses, ransomware, malware, or other events. Our systems also may be subject to break-ins, sabotage, theft, and intentional acts of vandalism, including by our own employees. Some of our systems are not fully redundant and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. These eventualities could cause information, including information relating to our customers and consumers, to be lost, corrupted, altered, or delayed. Our business interruption insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our losses that may result from interruptions in our service as a result of systems failures and similar events. Additionally, in some cases, partners, vendors, and other service providers run their own platforms that we access, and we are, therefore, vulnerable to their service interruptions. In the event that our data center arrangements are terminated, or if there are any lapses of service or damage to a center, we could experience lengthy interruptions in our service as well as delays and additional expenses in arranging new facilities and services. 
 
 We have experienced and will likely continue to experience system failures and other events or conditions from time to time that interrupt the availability or reduce or affect the speed or functionality of our platform. These system failures generally occur either as a result of software updates being deployed with unexpected errors or as a result of temporary infrastructure failures related to storage, network, or compute capacity being exhausted. These events have resulted in losses in revenue, though such losses have not been material to date. System failures in the future could result in significant losses of revenue. Moreover, we have in the past provided credits to customers per contractual obligations and/or voluntarily made payments to 
 28 

customers to compensate them for the system failure or similar event, and we may provide similar such credits in the future. In addition, the affected customer or consumer could seek monetary recourse from us for its losses and such claims, even if unsuccessful, would likely be time-consuming and costly for us to address. Further, in some instances, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these performance problems within an acceptable period of time. A prolonged interruption in the availability or reduction in the availability, speed, or other functionality of our platform could adversely affect our business and reputation and could result in the loss of customers. 
 
 Further, we have service level agreements with our customers that require us to meet uptime requirements, and in some cases, system performance or latency standards. In the event that we fail to meet those requirements, whether because of system failures, slow platform performance, or otherwise, our customers may request credits from us, which could adversely impact our revenue and results of operations in a period where we provide such credits. 
 Our sales cycle can be unpredictable, time-consuming, and costly. 
 Our sales process involves educating prospective and existing customers about the benefits and technical capabilities of our products and services. Prospective customers often undertake a prolonged evaluation process, which typically involves not only our products and services, but also those of our competitors. In addition to a prolonged evaluation process, macroeconomic conditions including rising interest rates and declining demand for mortgage, mortgage-related and consumer banking products may also impact our sales cycle. Our sales cycles are typically lengthy, generally ranging from six to nine months for smaller financial services firms and ranging from twelve to eighteen months or more for larger financial services firms. We may spend substantial time, effort, and money on our sales and marketing efforts without any assurance that our efforts will produce any sales. Events affecting our customers businesses may occur during the sales cycle that could affect the size or timing of a purchase, contributing to more unpredictability in our business and results of operations. As a result of these factors, we may face greater costs, longer sales cycles, and less predictability in the future, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We may encounter deployment challenges, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We may face unexpected challenges related to the complexity of our customers deployment and configuration requirements. Deployment of our software platform may be delayed or expenses may increase when customers have unexpected data, software, or technology challenges, or unanticipated business requirements, which could adversely affect our relationship with our customers and our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In general, our revenue related to deployment and other professional services we provide is recognized on a proportional performance basis, and delays and difficulties in these engagements could result in losses or the recognition of revenue later than expected. Further, because we do not fully control our customers deployment schedules, if our customers do not allocate or have the internal resources necessary to meet deployment timelines or if there are otherwise unanticipated deployment delays or difficulties, our ability to take customers live and the overall customer experience could be adversely affected. We rely on existing customers to act as references for prospective customers, and difficulties in deployment and configuration could therefore adversely affect our ability to attract new customers. Any difficulties or delays in the deployment processes could cause customers to delay or forego future purchases of our products and services, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 29 

Defects, errors, or vulnerabilities in our applications, backend systems, or other technology systems and those of third-party technology providers could harm our reputation and brand and adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our platform and system infrastructure rely on software that is highly technical and complex and depend on the ability of such software to store, retrieve, process, and manage high volumes of data. The software on which we rely may contain undetected errors, defects, bugs, or vulnerabilities, some of which may only be discovered after the code has been released. Our practice is to affect frequent releases of software updates, sometimes multiple times per day. Further, as we create new products and services and enhance our existing products and services, we may encounter difficulties in achieving interoperability between our new products and services and our existing products and services. The third-party software that we incorporate into our platform or rely on may also be subject to errors, defects, bugs, or vulnerabilities. Any errors, defects, bugs, or vulnerabilities discovered in our code or from third-party software after release could result in negative publicity, a loss of users, increased regulatory scrutiny, fines or penalties, loss of revenue or liability for damages, and access or other performance issues. Such vulnerabilities could also be exploited by malicious actors and result in exposure of data of users on our platform, or otherwise result in a security breach or other security incident. We may need to expend significant financial and development resources to analyze, correct, eliminate, or work around errors, bugs, or defects or to address, analyze, correct, and eliminate software platform vulnerabilities. Any failure to timely and effectively resolve any such errors, defects, bugs, or vulnerabilities could adversely affect our business, reputation, brand, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Any failure to offer high-quality customer support by us or by partners, vendors, and other service providers may adversely affect our relationships with our customers and could adversely affect our reputation, brand, business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our ability to attract and retain customers is dependent in part on our ability to provide high-quality support. Our customers depend on our customer success organization to resolve any issues relating to our platform and products. As we continue to grow our business and improve our offerings, we will face challenges related to providing high-quality support services at scale. Additionally, to the extent we decide to grow our international business and the number of international users on our platform, our customer success organization will face additional challenges, including those associated with delivering support in languages other than English. Any failure to maintain high-quality support, or a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality support, could harm our reputation and adversely affect our ability to scale our platform and business, our financial condition, and our results of operations. 
 We experience significant seasonal fluctuations in our financial results, which could cause our Class A common stock price to fluctuate. 
 Our business is highly dependent on consumer borrowing patterns that have an impact on our results of operations. We generally experience changes in consumer activity over the course of the calendar year, although macroeconomic factors, including an unfavorable interest rate environment, decreased housing affordability, and uncertain worldwide political and economic conditions has made, and may continue to make, seasonal fluctuations difficult to detect. Historically, our revenue has been strongest during the second and third quarters of our fiscal year as a result of higher demand for mortgages and other loans during the summer months. Seasonality has and will likely continue to cause fluctuations in our financial results on a quarterly basis. While our growth has obscured this seasonality in our overall financial results, we expect our results of operations to continue to be affected by such seasonality in the future. In addition, other seasonal trends may develop and the existing seasonal trends that we experience may become more pronounced and contribute to fluctuations in our results of operations as we continue to scale and our growth slows. As such, we may not accurately forecast our results of operations. However, we base our spending and investment plans on forecasts and estimates, and we may not be able to adjust our spending quickly enough if our revenue is less than expected, causing our results of operations to fail to meet our expectations or the expectations of investors. 
 The market for cloud-based banking software is still in relatively early stages of growth and if this market does not continue to grow, grows more slowly than we expect, or fails to grow as large as we expect, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 30 

Use of, and reliance on, cloud-based banking software is still at an early stage, and we do not know whether financial services firms will continue to adopt cloud-based banking software in the future, or whether the market will change in ways we do not anticipate. Many financial services firms have invested substantial personnel and financial resources in legacy software, and these institutions may be reluctant, unwilling or unable to convert from their existing systems to our software platform. Furthermore, these financial services firms may be reluctant, unwilling or unable to use cloud-based banking software due to various concerns such as the security of their data and reliability of the delivery model. These concerns or other considerations may cause financial services firms to choose not to adopt cloud-based banking software such as our cloud-based software platform or to adopt them more slowly than we anticipate, either of which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our future success also depends on our ability to sell additional products, services, and functionality to our current and prospective customers. As we create new products and services and enhance our existing products and services, these applications and enhancements may not be attractive to customers or we may encounter difficulties in achieving interoperability between our new products and services and our existing products and services. In addition, promoting and selling new and enhanced functionality may require increasingly costly sales and marketing efforts, and if customers choose not to adopt this functionality our business and results of operations could suffer. If financial services firms are unwilling or unable to transition from their legacy systems, or if the demand for our software platform does not meet our expectations, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We depend on our senior management team and our other highly skilled employees to grow and operate our business, and if we are unable to hire, retain, manage, and motivate our employees, or if our new employees do not perform as we anticipate, we may not be able to grow effectively and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our future success will depend in part on the continued service of our founders, senior management team, key technical employees, and other highly skilled employees, including Nima Ghamsari, Head of Blend, Co-Founder, and Chair of our board of directors, and on our ability to continue to identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain talented employees. We may not be able to retain the services of any of our employees or other members of senior management in the future. Also, all of our U.S.-based employees, including our senior management team and Mr. Ghamsari, work for us on an at-will basis, and there is no assurance that any such employee will remain with us. Our competitors may be successful in recruiting and hiring members of our management team or other key employees, and it may be difficult for us to find suitable replacements on a timely basis, on competitive terms, or at all. If we are unable to attract and retain the necessary employees, particularly in critical areas of our business, we may not achieve our strategic goals. Moreover, the implementation of the Workforce Reduction Plan or related initiatives may have adverse consequences on our employee morale, our culture, and our ability to attract and retain employees. In addition, from time to time, there may be changes in our senior management team that may be disruptive to our business. If our senior management team fails to work together effectively and to execute its plans and strategies, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 We face intense competition for highly skilled employees, especially in the San Francisco Bay Area where we have a substantial presence and need for highly skilled employees. To attract and retain top talent, we have offered, and we believe we will need to continue to offer, competitive compensation and benefits packages. Job candidates and existing employees often consider the value of the equity awards they receive in connection with their employment. The trading price of our Class A common stock has been volatile and has declined since our Initial Public Offering and may continue to fluctuate in response to various factors. If the perceived value of our equity awards declines for this or other reasons, it may adversely affect our ability to attract and retain highly qualified employees. In addition, due to declines in the trading price of our Class A common stock, in order to offer competitive compensation packages, we have issued, and may have to continue to issue more shares for equity awards to new and existing employees than in previous periods when the trading price of our Class A common stock was higher, which has and may continue to affect our outstanding share count and cause dilution to existing shareholders. Certain of our employees have received significant proceeds from sales of our equity in private transactions and many of our employees may receive significant proceeds from sales of our equity in the public markets, which may reduce their motivation to continue to work for us. We may need to invest significant amounts of cash and equity to attract and retain new employees and expend significant time and resources to identify, recruit, train, and integrate such employees, and we may never realize returns on these investments. If we are unable to effectively manage our hiring needs or successfully integrate new hires, our efficiency, ability to meet forecasts, and employee morale, productivity, and engagement could suffer, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Misconduct and errors by our employees, partners, vendors, and other service providers could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and reputation. 
 31 

We are exposed to many types of operational risk, including the risk of misconduct and errors by our employees, partners, vendors, and other service providers. Our business depends on our employees, partners, vendors, and other service providers to enable the processing of a large number of increasingly complex transactions, including transactions that involve significant dollar amounts and loan and financial transactions that involve the collection, use, and disclosure of sensitive information, including personal information and confidential business information. We could be adversely affected if transactions were redirected, misappropriated, or otherwise improperly executed, sensitive information, including personal information and confidential business information, was accessible by or disclosed to unintended persons, or an operational breakdown or failure in the processing of other transactions occurred, whether as a result of human error, a purposeful sabotage or a fraudulent manipulation of our operations or systems. In addition, the manner in which we store and use certain personal information and interact with consumers, and the manner in which our customers interact with their customers through our platform is governed by various federal and state laws. It is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct or errors by employees, partners, vendors, or other service providers, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses. Any of these occurrences could result in our diminished ability to operate our business, potential liability to customers and consumers, inability to attract future customers and consumers, reputational damage, regulatory intervention, and financial harm, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and reputation. 
 We are committed to expanding our platform and enhancing the user experience, which may not maximize short-term financial results and may yield results that conflict with the market s expectations, which could result in our stock price being adversely affected. 
 We are passionate about expanding our platform and continually enhancing the user experience, with a focus on driving long-term engagement through innovation, the expansion of our platform, products, and services, and providing high-quality support, which may not necessarily maximize short-term financial results. We frequently make business decisions that may reduce our short-term financial results if we believe that the decisions are consistent with our goals to improve the user experience, which we believe will improve our financial results over the long term. These decisions may not be consistent with the short-term expectations of our stockholders and may not produce the long-term benefits that we expect, in which case our growth, business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We rely on assumptions, estimates, and unaudited financial information to calculate certain of our key metrics and other figures presented herein, and real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics could adversely affect our reputation and our business. 
 Certain of the metrics presented herein are calculated using internal company data that has not been independently verified, data from third-party attribution partners, or unaudited financial information of companies that we have acquired or partnered with. While these metrics and figures are based on what we believe to be reasonable calculations for the applicable period of measurement, there are inherent challenges in measuring these metrics and figures across our client base and user base. Additionally, certain figures relating to our strategic acquisitions and partnerships are based on unaudited financial information that has been prepared by the management of such companies and has not been independently reviewed or audited. We cannot assure you that such financial information would not be materially different if such information was independently reviewed or audited. We regularly review and may adjust our processes for calculating our metrics and other figures to improve their accuracy, but these efforts may not prove successful and we may discover material inaccuracies. In addition, our methodology for calculating these metrics may differ from the methodology used by other companies to calculate similar metrics and figures. We may also discover unexpected errors in the data that we are using that resulted from technical or other errors. If we determine that any of our metrics or figures are not accurate, we may be required to revise or cease reporting such metrics or figures. Any real or perceived inaccuracies in our metrics and other figures could adversely affect our reputation and our business. 
 32 

Our marketing efforts to help grow our business may not be effective. 
 Promoting awareness of our business is important to our ability to grow our business and to attract new customers and consumers and can be costly. We believe that the importance of brand recognition will increase as competition in the consumer lending industry expands. Successful promotion of our brand will depend largely on the effectiveness of marketing efforts and the overall user experience of our customers and consumers on our platform, which factors are outside our control. The marketing channels that we employ may also become more crowded and saturated by other cloud-based software platforms, which may decrease the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. Our marketing initiatives may become increasingly expensive and generating a meaningful return on these initiatives may be difficult. Even if we successfully increase revenue as a result of our paid marketing efforts, it may not offset the additional marketing expenses we incur. If our marketing efforts to help grow our business are not effective, we expect that our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Negative publicity about us, our partners, vendors, and other service providers, or the financial services technology industry, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and future prospects. 
 Negative publicity about us, our partners or the financial services technology industry, including the transparency, fairness, user experience, quality, and reliability of our platform, our or our partners privacy, data protection and information security practices, litigation, regulatory activity, misconduct by our employees, partners, vendors, or other service providers, or others in the financial services technology industry, the experience of consumers with our platform or services, or with our customers, even if inaccurate, could adversely affect our reputation and the confidence in, and the use of, our platform by customers and their consumers, which could harm our reputation and cause a loss of confidence in our platform. Any such reputational harm could further affect the behavior of customers and their consumers, including their willingness to use our platform. As a result, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and future prospects would be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our company culture has contributed to our success and if we cannot maintain and evolve our culture as we grow, our business could be adversely affected. 
 We believe that our company culture has been critical to our success. We have invested substantial time and resources in building out our team with an emphasis on our shared beliefs and practices and a commitment to diversity and inclusion. 
 
 We face a number of challenges that may affect our ability to sustain our corporate culture, including: 
 failure to identify, attract, reward, and retain people in our organization who share and further our culture, values, and mission; 
 the increasing size and geographic diversity of our workforce, including as a result of remote work; 
 competitive pressures to move in directions that may divert us from our mission, vision, and values; 
 the continued challenges of a rapidly evolving industry; 
 the increasing need to develop expertise in new areas of business that affect us; 
 any negative perception of our response to employee sentiment related to political or social causes or actions of management; 
 employee concerns regarding workforce reductions we have taken or may need to take in the future; 
 harm to employee morale due to workforce reductions; 
 challenges in our business and the macroeconomic environment; and 
 the integration of new personnel and businesses from acquisitions. 
 
 If we are not able to maintain and evolve our culture, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 If we are unable to effectively combat the increasing number and sophistication of fraudulent activities by third parties using our platform, we may suffer losses, which may be substantial, and lose the confidence of our customers, and government agencies and our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 33 

The title industry has been experiencing an increasing number of fraudulent activities by third parties, and those fraudulent activities are becoming increasingly sophisticated. Although we do not believe that any of this activity is uniquely targeted at our platform or business, this type of fraudulent activity may adversely affect our title business. In addition to any losses that may result from such fraud, which may be substantial, a loss of confidence by our customers, or governmental agencies in our ability to prevent fraudulent activity that is perpetrated through our software platform or business may seriously harm our business and damage its brand. As fraudulent activities become more pervasive and increasingly sophisticated, and fraud detection and prevention measures must become correspondingly more complex to combat them across the various industries in which we operate, we may implement risk control mechanisms that could make it more difficult for legitimate users to obtain access to and use our platform, which could result in lost revenue and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. High profile fraudulent activity or significant increases in fraudulent activity could also lead to regulatory intervention, negative publicity, and the erosion of trust from our customers and consumers, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our presence outside the United States and any future international expansion strategy will subject us to additional costs and risks and our plans may not be successful. 
 We are considering expanding our presence internationally. In addition, in connection with our acquisition of Title365, we acquired Title365 s India operations, which we expect to expand. Operating outside of the United States may require significant management attention to oversee operations over a broad geographic area with varying cultural norms and customs, in addition to placing strain on our finance, analytics, compliance, legal, engineering, and operations teams. We may incur significant operating expenses and may not be successful in our international expansion for a variety of reasons, including: 
 recruiting and retaining talented and capable employees in foreign countries and maintaining our company culture across all of our offices; 
 an inability to attract and retain customers; 
 complying with varying laws and regulatory standards, including with respect to financial services, labor and employment, data privacy, data protection, information security, tax, and local regulatory restrictions; 
 obtaining any required government approvals, licenses, or other authorizations; 
 varying levels of Internet and mobile technology adoption and infrastructure; 
 currency exchange restrictions or costs and exchange rate fluctuations; 
 operating in jurisdictions that do not protect intellectual property rights in the same manner or to the same extent as the United States; 
 public health concerns or emergencies, such as the COVID-19 pandemic and other highly communicable diseases or viruses (which COVID-19 pandemic has had a disproportionate impact on India), outbreaks of which have from time to time occurred, and which may occur, in various parts of the world in which we operate or may operate in the future; and 
 limitations on the repatriation and investment of funds as well as foreign currency exchange restrictions. 
 
 Our lack of experience in operating our business internationally increases the risk that any potential future expansion efforts that we may undertake may not be successful. If we invest substantial time and resources to expand our operations internationally and are unable to manage these risks effectively, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 In addition, international expansion may increase our risks in complying with various laws and standards, including with respect to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, export controls, and trade and economic sanctions. 
 34 

We may require additional capital to support business growth, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 
 Historically, we have financed our operations primarily through equity issuances and cash collections from our customers. In 2021, we also entered into a credit agreement that provides for a term facility and a revolving facility. The term facility was fully drawn at closing to provide, in part, the consideration being paid in connection with our acquisition of Title365. To support growing our business and to effectively compete, we must have sufficient capital to continue to make significant investments in our platform. We intend to continue to make investments to support the growth of our business and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new platform features and services or enhance our existing platform, improve our operating infrastructure, or acquire complementary businesses and technologies. Additionally, we may consider adopting various employee compensation programs from time to time. The adoption of various employee compensation programs could result in us paying a greater percentage of our employees compensation in the form of cash or equity. This could result in us using a larger amount of our cash reserves for the payment of compensation in future periods or could result in us granting a greater number of our shares subject to equity awards, which could increase our overall dilution, increase our stock-based compensation expense for financial accounting purposes, and increase our tax withholding and remittance obligations. How we determine any such tax withholding obligations would be satisfied could further impact our cash position or increase dilution. 
 
 Although we currently anticipate that our existing cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities and cash collections from our customers will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure needs for at least the next 12 months, we may require additional financing. Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. If we raise additional funds through future issuances of equity, equity-linked securities, or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new securities we issue could have rights, preferences, and privileges superior to those of holders of our Class A common stock. 
 
 We evaluate financing opportunities from time to time, and our ability to obtain financing will depend, among other things, on our development efforts, business plans, and operating performance and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be impaired, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired. 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the rules and regulations of the applicable listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange. We expect that the requirements of these rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal, accounting, and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming, and costly, and place significant strain on our systems, processes, and personnel. 
 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are continuing to develop and refine our disclosure controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we will file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that information required to be disclosed in reports under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive and financial officers. We are also continuing to improve our internal control over financial reporting, which includes hiring additional accounting and financial personnel to implement such processes and controls. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we have expended, and anticipate that we will continue to expend, significant resources, including accounting-related costs and significant management oversight. If any of these new or improved controls and systems does not perform as expected, we may continue to experience material weaknesses in our controls. 
 
 35 

Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business. After our acquisition of Title365, we determined that a material weakness existed in our internal controls over financial reporting related to the accounting for the Company s business combination, including a lack of sufficient precision in the performance of reviews supporting the prospective financial information used in the customer relationship intangible asset valuation and a lack of adequate documentation to provide evidence of operating effectiveness of an associated management review control. While the material weakness was remediated, additional weaknesses in our disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting may be discovered in the future. 
 
 Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement could harm our results of operations or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our financial statements for prior periods. Any failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting also could adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and annual independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting that we will eventually be required to include in our periodic reports that will be filed with the SEC. Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain listed on the New York Stock Exchange. As a public company, we are required to comply with the SEC rules that implement Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and are therefore required to provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, commencing with this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is not required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting until after we are no longer an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act JOBS Act ). At such time, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our internal control over financial reporting is documented, designed, or operating. Any failure to maintain effective disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations and could cause a decline in the price of our Class A common stock. 
 If our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies prove to be incorrect or financial reporting standards or interpretations change, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates and assumptions on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities, and equity, and the amount of revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Significant assumptions and estimates used in preparing our consolidated financial statements include those related to revenue recognition, stock-based compensation, valuations of acquired intangible assets and redeemable noncontrolling interest, and common stock valuations. Our results of operations may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our results of operations to fall below the expectations of industry or financial analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 
 Additionally, U.S. GAAP is subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, the SEC, and various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. A change in these principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on our reported results of operations and could affect the reporting of transactions completed before the announcement of a change. It is difficult to predict the impact of future changes to accounting principles or our accounting policies, any of which could adversely affect our reported results of operations. 
 Operating as a public company requires us to incur substantial costs and requires substantial management attention. In addition, key members of our management team have limited experience managing a public company. 
 As a public company, we have incurred and will continue to incur substantial legal, accounting, and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. For example, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or the Dodd-Frank Act, the rules and regulations of the SEC, and the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange. For example, the Exchange Act requires, among other things, we file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Compliance with these rules and regulations has increased and will continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs, and increase demand on our systems, particularly after we are no longer an emerging 
 36 

growth company. In addition, as a public company, we may be subject to stockholder activism, which can lead to additional substantial costs, distract management, and impact the manner in which we operate our business in ways we cannot currently anticipate. As a result of disclosure of information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in other filings required of a public company, our business and financial condition will become more visible, which may result in threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors. 
 
 Many members of our management team have limited experience managing a publicly traded company, interacting with public company investors, and complying with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies. Our management team may not successfully or efficiently manage our ongoing operations as a public company subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under the federal securities laws and the continuous scrutiny of securities analysts and investors. These new obligations and constituents will require significant attention from our senior management and could divert their attention away from the day-to-day management of our business, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Failures at financial institutions at which we deposit funds or maintain investments could adversely affect us. 
 We deposit substantial funds in financial institutions and may, from time to time, maintain cash balances at such financial institutions in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Limit. These funds include amounts in our operating accounts, which are held primarily at three financial institutions and used for our day-to-day business operations. We also hold investments and settled funds in accounts held at financial institutions acting as brokers or custodians. In addition, we deposit certain funds owned by third parties, such as escrow deposits, in financial institutions. In recent weeks, there has been significant volatility and instability among banks and financial institutions. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank, or SVB, was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or the FDIC, as receiver, and for a period of time, customers of the bank did not have access to their funds and there was uncertainty as to when, if at all, customers would have access to funds in excess of the FDIC insured amounts. Should one or more of the financial institutions at which deposits are maintained fail, there is no guarantee as to the extent that we would recover the funds deposited, whether through Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation coverage or otherwise, or the timing of any recovery. In the event of any such failure, we also could be held liable for the funds owned by third parties. Further, certain of our investments and settled funds are held at financial institutions. Should one or more of the financial institutions acting as brokers or custodians for our investments and settled funds fail, there may be a delay or some uncertainty in our ability to take possession of, or fully recover, all of our investments or settled funds. 
 Risks Related to Our Legal and Regulatory Environment 
 We may be subject to claims, lawsuits, government investigations, and other proceedings that may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We face potential liability, expenses for legal claims, and harm to our business relating to the nature of our business generally, and with the lending and financial services we enable. We, or our partners, vendors, or other service providers, may be subject to claims, lawsuits, arbitration proceedings, government investigations and other legal, regulatory and other administrative proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including those involving compliance with regulatory requirements, personal injury, property damage, worker classification, labor and employment, anti-discrimination, commercial disputes, competition, consumer complaints, intellectual property disputes, and other matters, and we may become subject to additional types of claims, lawsuits, government investigations and legal or regulatory proceedings as our business grows and as we deploy new services. 
 
 In addition, a number of participants in the consumer financial and real estate settlement services industries have been the subject of putative class action lawsuits, state attorney general actions, other state regulatory actions, and federal regulatory enforcement actions, including actions relating to alleged unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices, violations of state licensing and disclosure laws and actions alleging discrimination on the basis of race, ethnicity, gender, or other prohibited bases. The current regulatory environment, increased regulatory compliance efforts, and enhanced regulatory enforcement have resulted in us undertaking significant time-consuming and expensive operational and compliance efforts, which may delay or preclude our ability to provide certain new products and services to our customers and/or delay adoption of new products and services by our customers. There is no assurance that these regulatory matters or other factors will not, in the future, affect how we conduct our business and, in turn, have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In particular, legal proceedings brought under state consumer protection statutes or under several of the various federal consumer financial services statutes may result in a separate fine assessed for each statutory and regulatory violation or substantial damages from class action lawsuits, potentially in excess of the amounts we earned from the underlying activities. 
 37 

The results of any such claims, lawsuits, arbitration proceedings, government investigations, or other legal or regulatory proceedings cannot be predicted with any degree of certainty. Any claims against us, or our partners, vendors, or other service providers, whether meritorious or not, could be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, be harmful to our reputation, subject us to adverse media coverage, require significant management attention and divert significant resources. Determining reserves for pending litigation is a complex and fact-intensive process that requires significant subjective judgment and speculation. It is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in substantial damages, settlement costs, fines and penalties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. These proceedings, including those involving our partners, vendors, and other third parties, could also result in harm to our reputation and brand, sanctions, consent decrees, injunctions or other orders requiring a change in our business practices. Any of these consequences could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Furthermore, under certain circumstances, we have contractual and other legal obligations to indemnify and to incur legal expenses on behalf of our business and partners and current and former directors and officers. 
 
 We also include arbitration and class action waiver provisions in our terms of service with many of our consumers. These provisions are intended to streamline the litigation process for all parties involved, as they can in some cases be faster and less costly than litigating disputes in state or federal court. However, arbitration can be costly and burdensome, and the use of arbitration and class action waiver provisions subjects us to certain risks to our reputation and brand, as these provisions have been the subject of increasing public scrutiny. In order to minimize these risks to our reputation and brand, we may limit our use of arbitration and class action waiver provisions or be required to do so in a legal or regulatory proceeding, either of which could cause an increase in our litigation costs and exposure. 
 
 Further, with the potential for conflicting rules regarding the scope and enforceability of arbitration and class action waivers on a state-by-state basis, as well as between state and federal law, there is a risk that some or all of our arbitration and class action waiver provisions could be subject to challenge or may need to be revised to exempt certain categories of protection. The enforceability of arbitration and class action waiver provisions has often been challenged, particularly recently, and if those challenges are successful, these provisions could be found to be unenforceable, in whole or in part, or specific claims could be required to be exempted. Any judicial decisions, legislation, or other rules or regulations that impair our ability to enter into and enforce our arbitration agreements and class action waivers could significantly increase our exposure to potentially costly lawsuits, our costs to litigate disputes, and the time involved in resolving such disputes, each of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our customers are, and in some cases we are or may be, subject to, and we facilitate compliance with, a variety of federal, state, and local laws, including those related to consumer protection and financial services. 
 Our customers and prospective customers are highly regulated and are generally required to comply with stringent regulations in connection with performing business functions that our products and services address; we facilitate compliance with these regulatory requirements. While we currently operate our business in an effort to ensure our business itself is not subject to extensive regulation, there is a risk that certain regulations could become applicable to us, including as we expand the functionality of and services offered through the platform. In addition, we and our partners, vendors, and other service providers must comply with laws and regulatory regimes that apply to us directly and our partners, vendors, and other service providers indirectly, including through certain of our products, as a technology provider to financial services firms, and in areas such as privacy, information security and data protection, and our contractual relationships with our customers. 
 
 In particular, certain laws, regulations, and rules our customers are subject to, and we facilitate compliance with, include the: 
 
 TILA, and Regulation Z promulgated thereunder, and similar state laws, which require certain disclosures to borrowers regarding the terms and conditions of their loans and credit transactions, and require creditors to comply with certain lending practice restrictions as well as the TILA-RESPA Integrated Disclosure rule, or TRID, which imposes specific requirements around the collection of information, charging of fees, and disclosure of specific loan terms and costs upon receipt of an application for credit; 
 RESPA, and Regulation X, which require certain disclosures to be made to the borrower at application, as to the financial services firm s good faith estimate of loan origination costs, and at closing with respect to the real estate settlement statement; prohibits giving or accepting any fee, kickback or a thing of value for the referral of real estate settlement services or accepting a portion or split of a settlement fee other than for services actually provided; for affiliated business relationships, prohibits receiving anything other than a legitimate return on ownership, requiring use of an affiliate, and failing to provide a disclosure of the affiliate relationship; 
 38 

ECOA, and Regulation B promulgated thereunder, and similar state fair lending laws, which prohibit creditors from discouraging or discriminating against credit applicants on the basis of race, color, sex, age, religion, national origin, marital status, the fact that all or part of the applicant s income derives from any public assistance program or the fact that the applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the federal Consumer Credit Protection Act; 
 FCRA, and Regulation V promulgated thereunder, impose certain obligations on consumer reporting agencies, users of consumer reports and those that furnish information to consumer reporting agencies, including obligations relating to obtaining consumer reports, marketing using consumer reports, taking adverse action on the basis of information from consumer reports and protecting the privacy and security of consumer reports and consumer report information; 
 Section 5 of the FTC Act, which prohibits unfair and deceptive acts or practices in or affecting commerce, and Section 1031 of the Dodd-Frank Act, which prohibits unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices in connection with any consumer financial product or service, and analogous state laws prohibiting unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices; 
 GLBA, and Regulation P promulgated thereunder, which include limitations on financial services firms disclosure of nonpublic personal information about a consumer to nonaffiliated third parties, in certain circumstances requires financial services firms to limit the use and further disclosure of nonpublic personal information by nonaffiliated third parties to whom they disclose such information, and requires financial services firms to disclose certain privacy notices and practices with respect to information sharing with affiliated and unaffiliated entities as well as to safeguard personal borrower information, and other laws and regulations relating to privacy and security; 
 EFTA, and Regulation E promulgated thereunder, which provide guidelines and restrictions on the electronic transfer of funds from consumers bank accounts, including requirements for overdraft services and a prohibition on a creditor requiring a consumer to repay a credit agreement in preauthorized (recurring) electronic fund transfers and disclosure and authorization requirements in connection with such transfers; 
 HPA, which requires certain disclosures and the cancellation or termination of mortgage insurance once certain equity levels are reached; 
 HMDA, and Regulation C, which require reporting of loan origination data, including the number of loan applications taken, approved, denied and withdrawn; 
 Fair Housing Act, or FHA, which prohibits discrimination in housing on the basis of race, sex, national origin, and certain other characteristics; 
 SAFE Act, which imposes state licensing requirements on mortgage loan originators; 
 state laws and regulations impose requirements related to unfair or deceptive business practices and consumer protection, as well as other state laws relating to privacy, data protection, information security, and conduct in connection with data breaches; 
 TCPA, and the regulations promulgated thereunder, which impose various consumer consent requirements and other restrictions in connection with telemarketing activity and other communication with consumers by phone, fax or text message, and which provide guidelines designed to safeguard consumer privacy in connection with such communications; 
 CAN-SPAM Act, and the TSR, and analogous state laws, which impose various restrictions on marketing conducted by use of email, telephone, fax or text message; 
 ESIGN Act, and similar state laws, particularly UETA, which authorize the creation of legally binding and enforceable agreements utilizing electronic records and signatures and which require financial services firms to obtain a consumer s consent to electronically receive disclosures required under federal and state laws and regulations; 
 ADA, which has been interpreted to include websites as places of public accommodations that must meet certain federal requirements related to access and use; 
 RFPA, and similar state laws enacted to provide the financial records of financial services firms customers a reasonable amount of privacy from government scrutiny; 
 BSA, and the USA PATRIOT Act, which relate to compliance with anti-money laundering, borrower due diligence and record-keeping policies and procedures; 
 the regulations promulgated by OFAC, under the U.S. Treasury Department related to the administration and enforcement of sanctions against foreign jurisdictions and persons that threaten U.S. foreign policy and national security goals, primarily to prevent targeted jurisdictions and persons from accessing the U.S. financial system; and 
 39 

other state-specific and local laws and regulations. 
 
 In addition to the laws, regulations, and rules that apply to our customers, and that we facilitate compliance with, we, in our capacity as a service provider to financial services firms and as a provider of marketplace services directly to consumers, and our partners, vendors, and other service providers, may be deemed to be subject to certain laws, regulations, and rules through our relationships with our customers including RESPA, FCRA, FTC Act, GLBA, FHA, TCPA, CAN-SPAM Act, TSR, ESIGN Act, ADA, OFAC, and state-specific laws and regulations, including those that impose requirements related to unfair or deceptive business practices and consumer protection, as well as other state laws relating to privacy, information security, and conduct in connection with data breaches. We may also be examined on a periodic basis by various regulatory agencies and may be required to review certain of our partners, vendors, or other service providers. These potential examinations may lead to increased regulatory compliance efforts that are time-consuming and expensive operationally. Matters subject to review and examination by federal and state regulatory agencies and external auditors include our internal information technology controls in connection with our performance of services, the agreements giving rise to these activities, and the design of our platform. Any inability to satisfy these examinations and maintain compliance with applicable regulations could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business, including attracting and maintaining customers. 
 
 In addition, we are currently subject to a variety of, and may in the future become subject to, additional, federal, state, and local laws that are continuously changing, including laws related to: the real estate brokerage, title and settlement services, consumer reporting agency services, and property and casualty insurance industries; mobile- and internet-based businesses; and information security, advertising, privacy, data protection, and consumer protection. These laws can be costly to comply with, require significant management attention, and could subject us to claims, government enforcement actions, civil and criminal liability, or other remedies, including revocation of licenses and suspension of business operations. 
 
 Furthermore, federal and state officials are discussing various potential changes to laws and regulations that could impact us, including the reform of government-sponsored enterprises such as the Federal National Mortgage Association, or Fannie Mae, and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, or Freddie Mac, and additional data privacy laws and regulations, among others. Changes in these areas, generally in the regulatory environment in which we operate and our customers operate, could adversely impact the volume of mortgage originations in the United States and our competitive position and results of operations. 
 
 While we have developed policies and procedures designed to assist in compliance with these laws and regulations, no assurance can be given that our compliance policies and procedures will be effective. Compliance with these requirements is also costly, time-consuming and limits our operational flexibility. Additionally, Congress, the states and regulatory agencies, as well as local municipalities, could further regulate the consumer financial services and adjacent industries in ways that make it more difficult or costly for us to offer our platform and related services. These laws also are often subject to changes that could severely limit the operations of our business model. Further, changes in the regulatory application or judicial interpretation of the laws and regulations applicable to financial services firms also could impact the manner in which we conduct our business. 
 
 The regulatory environment in which financial services firms operate has become increasingly complex, and following the financial crisis that began in 2008, supervisory efforts to apply relevant laws, regulations and policies have become more intense. For example, California has enacted legislation to create a mini-CFPB, which could strengthen state consumer protection authority of state regulators over unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts and practices. Nevertheless, if we or our partners, vendors or other service providers are found to not comply with applicable laws, we could become subject to greater scrutiny by federal and state regulatory agencies, or face other sanctions, which may have an adverse effect on our ability to continue to provide our services or make our platform available in particular states, or utilize the services of third-party providers, which may harm our business. In addition, non-compliance could subject us to damages, class action lawsuits, administrative enforcement actions, rescission rights held by investors in securities offerings and civil and criminal liability, all of which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Changes in laws or regulations relating to privacy, information security, data protection, or the protection or transfer of personal information, or any actual or perceived failure by us to comply with such laws and regulations or any other obligations relating to privacy, information security, data protection, or the protection or transfer of personal information, could adversely affect our business. 
 40 

We, and our partners, vendors, and other service providers, receive, collect, use, disclose, share, transfer, transmit, process, and store a large volume of personal information and other sensitive data relating to individuals, such as consumers and our employees. Our collection, use, receipt, and other processing of data in our business subjects us to numerous state, federal, and foreign laws and regulations, addressing privacy, information security, data protection, and the collection, storing, sharing, use, transfer, disclosure, protection, and processing of certain types of data. Such regulations include, for example, the GLBA, Children s Online Privacy Protection Act, Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, CAN-SPAM, Canada s Anti-Spam Law, TCPA, FCRA, FTC Act, California Consumer Privacy Act, or CCPA, and the California Privacy Rights Act, or CPRA. These laws, rules, and regulations evolve frequently and their scope may continually change, through new legislation, amendments to existing legislation, and changes in interpretation or enforcement, and may be inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another. 
 
 For example, on October 27, 2021, the Federal Trade Commission, or the FTC, issued a final rule to amend the GLBA s Safeguards Rule, which requires covered financial services firms, which may include some of our customers, to develop, implement, and maintain a comprehensive information security program. The final rule provides more prescriptive security controls that financial services firms will be required to implement, such as specific access and authentication controls, risk assessment requirements, and oversight by designation of a Qualified Individual who will be required to provide annual written reports to the board of directors or equivalent governing body. In addition, the FTC has brought enforcement actions against service providers of financial services firms directly and against financial services firms for failures by service providers to implement appropriate controls to safeguard consumers personal information. 
 
 As another example, the CCPA went into effect on January 1, 2020, and, among other things, requires new disclosures to California consumers and affords such consumers new data privacy rights, including, among other things, the right to request a copy from a covered company of the personal information collected about them, the right to request deletion of such personal information, and the right to opt out of certain sales of personal information. The California Attorney General can enforce the CCPA, including seeking an injunction and civil penalties of up to 7,500 per violation. The CCPA also provides a private right of action for certain data breaches that is expected to increase data breach litigation. Additionally, a new privacy law, the California Privacy Rights Act, or CPRA, was approved by California voters in the November 3, 2020 election, and significantly modifies the CCPA, including expanding California consumers rights with respect to certain personal information and creating a new state agency to oversee implementation and enforcement efforts. The CPRA created obligations relating to consumer data beginning on January 1, 2022 and enforcement of the law begins on July 1, 2023. Implementing regulations have been proposed but not finalized. Some observers have noted the CCPA and CPRA could mark the beginning of a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the United States, which could also increase our potential liability and adversely affect our business. For example, the CCPA has encouraged copycat or other similar laws to be considered and proposed in other states across the country. Laws similar to the CCPA and CPRA have been enacted in Virginia (the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, or VCDPA, which went into effect on January 1, 2023), Colorado (the Colorado Privacy Act, or CPA, which goes into effect on July 1, 2023), Utah (the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, or UCPA, which goes into effect on December 31, 2023) and Connecticut (the Connecticut Data Privacy Act, or CDPA, which goes into effect on July 1, 2023). The California Age-Appropriate Design Code Act (CAADCA), which expands the CPRA for businesses with websites that are likely to be accessed by children, was signed into law on September 15, 2022 and goes into effect on July 1, 2024. 
 
 The CCPA, CPRA, CAADCA, VCDPA, CPA, UCPA and CDPA and other changes in laws or regulations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security, particularly any new or modified laws or regulations, or changes to the interpretation or enforcement of laws or regulations like the GLBA, that require enhanced protection of certain types of data or new obligations with regard to data retention, transfer, or disclosure, could greatly increase the cost of providing our platform, require significant changes to our operations, or even prevent us from providing our platform in jurisdictions in which we currently operate and in which we may operate in the future. Certain other state laws impose similar privacy, data protection, and information security obligations and we also expect that more states may enact legislation similar to the CCPA, CPRA, CAADCA, VCDPA, CPA, UCPA and CDPA which provide consumers with new privacy rights and increase the privacy, data protection, and information security obligations of entities handling certain personal information of such consumers. The CCPA has prompted a number of proposals for new federal and state-level privacy legislation. Such proposed legislation, if enacted, may add additional complexity, variation in requirements, restrictions, and potential legal risk, require additional investment of resources in compliance programs, impact strategies and the availability of previously useful data, and could result in increased compliance costs and/or changes in business practices and policies. In addition, some jurisdictions, such as New York, Massachusetts, and Nevada have enacted more generalized information security laws that apply to certain data that we process. We cannot yet fully determine the impact these or future laws, rules, regulations, and industry standards may have on our business or operations. Any such laws, rules, regulations, and industry standards may be inconsistent among different jurisdictions, subject to differing interpretations, or may conflict with our current or future practices. Additionally, our customers may be subject to differing privacy laws, rules, and legislation, which may mean that they require us to be bound by 
 41 

varying contractual requirements applicable to certain other jurisdictions. Adherence to such contractual requirements may impact our collection, use, processing, storage, sharing, and disclosure of various types of information including financial information and other personal information, and may mean we become bound by, or voluntarily comply with, self-regulatory or other industry standards relating to these matters that may further change as laws, rules, and regulations evolve. Complying with these requirements and other actual or asserted obligations, and changing our policies and practices may be onerous and costly, and we may not be able to respond quickly or effectively to regulatory, legislative and other developments. These changes may in turn impair our ability to offer our existing or planned products and services and/or increase our cost of doing business. 
 
 Additionally, we have incurred, and may continue to incur, significant expenses in an effort to comply with privacy, data protection, and information security standards and protocols imposed by law, regulation, industry standards, or contractual obligations. In particular, with laws and regulations such as the GLBA, CCPA, CPRA, CAADCA, VCDPA, CPA, UCPA, CDPA and potentially other laws and regulations that may be proposed or amended, imposing new and relatively burdensome obligations, and with substantial uncertainty over the interpretation and application of these and other laws and regulations, we may face challenges in addressing their requirements and making necessary changes to our policies and practices and may incur significant costs and expenses in an effort to do so. 
 
 As our business grows, we may become subject to privacy, data protection, and information security laws from other jurisdictions outside of the United States, potentially including the General Data Protection Regulation, or the GDPR. The GDPR governs the collection, use, disclosure, transfer or other processing of personal data of European persons. Among other things, the GDPR imposes requirements regarding the security of personal data and notification of data processing obligations to competent national data processing authorities, provides for lawful bases on which personal data can be processed, provides for an expansive definition of personal data and requires changes to informed consent practices. In addition, the GDPR provides for heightened scrutiny of transfers of personal data from the European Economic Area, or EEA, to the United States and other jurisdictions that the European Commission does not recognize as having adequate data protection laws, and imposes substantial fines for breaches and violations (up to the greater of 20 million or 4 of an enterprise s consolidated annual worldwide gross revenue). The GDPR also confers a private right of action on data subjects and consumer associations to lodge complaints with supervisory authorities, seek judicial remedies and obtain compensation for damages resulting from violations. Further, the United Kingdom has implemented legislation that substantially implements the GDPR in the United Kingdom, which legislation provides for penalties for violations of up to the greater of 17.5 million British pounds or 4 of an enterprise s consolidated annual worldwide gross revenue. If we expand our business into the EEA and/or the United Kingdom, we will need to comply with the GDPR and data protection laws of the United Kingdom. This will involve significant resources and expense and may also impair our ability to offer our existing or planned features, products and services and/or increase our cost of doing business. 
 
 Despite our efforts to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and other obligations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security, it is possible that our interpretations of the law, practices, or platform could be inconsistent with, or fail or be alleged to fail to meet all requirements of, such laws, regulations, or obligations. Our failure, or the failure by our partners, vendors, service providers, or customers, to comply with applicable laws or regulations, applicable policies or documentation, or any other actual or asserted obligations relating to privacy, data protection, or information security, or any compromise of security that results in unauthorized access to, or use, release, disclosure, or other processing of personal information or other data relating to consumers or other individuals, or the perception that any of the foregoing types of failure or compromise has occurred, could damage our reputation, discourage new and existing customers and consumers from using our platform, or result in fines, investigations, or proceedings by governmental agencies and private claims and litigation, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Even if not subject to legal challenge, the perception of privacy, data protection, or information security concerns, whether or not valid, may harm our reputation and brand and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 A heightened regulatory environment in the financial services industry may have an adverse impact on our customers and our business. 
 Since the enactment of the Dodd-Frank Act, a number of substantial regulations affecting the supervision and operation of the financial services industry within the United States have been adopted, including those that establish the CFPB. The CFPB has issued guidance that applies to, and conducts direct examinations of, supervised banks and nonbanks as well as supervised service providers like us. In addition, the CFPB regulates consumer financial products and services. Certain of our partners are also subject to regulation by federal and state authorities and, as a result, could pass through some of those compliance obligations to us. 
 
 42 

To the extent this oversight or regulation negatively impacts our customers, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected because, among other matters, our customers could have less capacity to purchase products and services from us, could decide to avoid or abandon certain lines of business, or could seek to pass on increased costs to us by re-negotiating their agreements with us. Additional regulation, examination, and oversight of us could require us to modify the manner in which we contract with or provide products and services to our customers, directly or indirectly limit how much we can charge for our products and services, require us to invest additional time and resources to comply with such oversight and regulations, or limit our ability to update our existing products and services, or require us to develop new ones. Any of these events, if realized, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Failure to obtain or maintain state licenses or other regulatory infractions resulting in license revocation could impact our ability to offer products and services. 
 Our ability to obtain or maintain state licenses for the services offered through our platform, including for our property and casualty insurance agency, title insurance agency, and real estate brokerage business, depends on our ability to meet licensing requirements established by the applicable regulatory agency and adopted by each state, subject to variations across states. In addition, as we expand the functionality of and services offered through the platform, or if a regulator determines that the services offered through the platform require licensing, we may be required to obtain additional licensing and incur additional costs. If we are unable to satisfy the applicable licensing requirements of any particular state, we could lose our license to do business in such state, which would result in the temporary or permanent cessation of our operations in that state. Alternatively, if we are unable to satisfy, or if a regulator determines that we have not satisfied, applicable state licensing requirements, we may be subject to additional regulatory oversight, have our license suspended or may incur additional costs or regulatory infractions. Any such events could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Regulation of title insurance rates and relationships with insurance underwriters could adversely affect our title insurance business. 
 We are subject to extensive rate regulation by the applicable state agencies in the jurisdictions in which our title insurance business operates. Title insurance rates are regulated differently in various states, with some states requiring us to file and receive approval of rates before such rates become effective and some states promulgating the rates that can be charged. These regulations could hinder our ability to promptly adapt to changing market dynamics through price adjustments, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations, particularly in a rapidly declining market. 
 Further, we derive a significant portion of our commission revenue from a limited number of insurance underwriters, the loss of which would result in additional expense and loss of market share. If we lose our relationships with insurance underwriters, fail to maintain good relationships with insurance underwriters, become dependent upon a limited number of insurance underwriters, or fail to develop new insurance underwriter relationships, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our position as an agent utilizing partners, vendors, and other service providers for issuing a significant amount of title and property and casualty insurance policies could adversely affect the frequency and severity of claims. 
 In our position as a licensed insurance agent, we may perform the search and examination function for policies we issue on behalf of underwriters or we may purchase a search product from another partner, vendor, or service provider. In either case, we are responsible for ensuring that the search and examination is completed. Our relationship with each title and property and casualty insurance underwriter is governed by an agency agreement defining how an insurance policy is issued on their behalf. The agency agreement also sets forth our liability to the underwriter for policy losses attributable to our errors. Periodic audits by our underwriters are also conducted. Despite our efforts to monitor partners, vendors, and other service providers with whom we transact business, there is no guarantee that they will comply with their contractual obligations. Furthermore, we cannot be certain that, due to changes in the regulatory environment and litigation trends, we will not be held liable for errors and omissions by these vendors. Accordingly, our use of partners, vendors, and other service providers could adversely impact the frequency and severity of claims, and any such impact could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We and our insurance carriers and underwriters are subject to extensive insurance industry regulations. 
 In the United States, each state regulator retains the authority to license insurance agencies in their states, and an insurance agency generally may not operate in a state in which it is not licensed. Accordingly, we are not permitted to sell insurance to residents of states and territories of the United States in which we are not licensed. 
 43 

Employees who engage in the solicitation, negotiation, or sale of insurance, or provide certain other insurance services, generally are required to be licensed individually. Insurance, including related laws and regulations, govern whether licensees may share commissions with unlicensed entities and individuals and, in the context of real estate settlement transactions, such payments are also subject to RESPA restrictions as it relates to splitting or sharing settlement service fees. We believe that any payments we make to third parties are in compliance with applicable laws. However, should any regulatory agency take a contrary position and prevail, we will be required to change the manner in which we pay fees to such employees or principals or require entities receiving such payments to become registered or licensed. 
 
 Our insurance products are subject to extensive regulation and supervision in the states in which we transact business by the individual state insurance departments. This regulation is generally designed to protect the interests of consumers, and not necessarily the interests of insurers or agents, their shareholders or other investors. For example, state insurance laws are generally prescriptive with respect to the content and timeliness of notices we must provide policyholders. States have also adopted legislation defining and prohibiting unfair methods of competition and unfair or deceptive acts and practices in the business of insurance that may apply to insurance agencies. Noncompliance with any of such state statutes may subject us to regulatory action by the relevant state insurance regulator, and, in certain states, private litigation. In addition, we cannot predict the impact that any new laws, rules or regulations may have on our business and financial results. States also regulate various aspects of the contractual relationships between insurers and independent agents. The California Department of Insurance, the insurance regulatory authority in the State of California, as well as the insurance regulators of other states in which we are licensed to sell insurance may also conduct periodic examinations. The results of these examinations can give rise to regulatory orders requiring remedial, injunctive, or other corrective action. 
 
 Although state insurance regulators have primary responsibility for administering and enforcing insurance regulations in the United States, such laws and regulations are further administered and enforced by a number of additional governmental authorities, each of which exercises a degree of interpretive latitude, including state securities administrators, state attorneys general as well as federal agencies including the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Insurance Office and the U.S. Department of Justice. Consequently, compliance with any particular regulator s or enforcement authority s interpretation of a legal issue may not result in compliance with another s interpretation of the same issue, particularly when compliance is judged in hindsight. 
 
 We may be subject to restrictions, actions and claims relating to the advertising, marketing and sale of insurance, including the suitability of such products and services. Actions and claims may result in the rescission of such sales; consequently, insurance carriers may seek to recoup commissions paid to us, which may lead to legal action against us. The outcome of such restrictions or actions cannot be predicted and such restrictions, claims or actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Additionally, regulations affecting insurance carriers and underwriters with which we place business may affect how we conduct our operations. Insurers are also regulated by state insurance departments for solvency issues and are subject to reserve requirements. We cannot guarantee that all insurance carriers and underwriters with whom we do business comply with regulations instituted by state insurance departments. We may need to expend resources to address questions or concerns regarding our relationships with these insurers and underwriters, diverting management resources away from operating our business, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 The CFPB is a relatively new agency that has sometimes taken expansive views of its authority to regulate consumer financial services, creating uncertainty as to how the agency s actions or the actions of any other new agency could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 The CFPB, which commenced operations in July 2011, has broad authority to create and modify regulations under federal consumer financial protection laws and regulations, such as TILA and Regulation Z, ECOA and Regulation B, FCRA and Regulation V, the EFTA and Regulation E, among other regulations, and to enforce compliance with those laws. The CFPB supervises banks, thrifts, and credit unions with assets over 10 billion and examines certain of our customers. Further, the CFPB is charged with the examination and supervision of certain participants in the consumer financial services market, including larger participants in other areas of financial services. The CFPB is also authorized to prevent unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices through its rulemaking, supervisory, and enforcement authority. To assist in its enforcement, the CFPB maintains an online complaint system that allows consumers to log complaints with respect to various consumer finance products. This system could inform future CFPB decisions with respect to its regulatory, enforcement or examination focus. The CFPB may also request reports concerning our organization, business conduct, markets and activities and conduct on- 
 44 

site examinations of our business on a periodic basis if the CFPB were to determine, through its complaint system, that we were engaging in activities that pose risks to consumers. 
 
 Although we have committed resources to enhancing our compliance programs, actions by the CFPB (or other regulators) against us, our customers or our competitors could discourage the use of our services or those of our customers, which could result in reputational harm, a loss of customers, or discourage the use of our or their services and adversely affect our business. If the CFPB changes regulations that were adopted in the past by other regulators and transferred to the CFPB by the Dodd-Frank Act, or modifies through supervision or enforcement, past regulatory guidance or interprets existing regulations in a different or stricter manner than they have been interpreted in the past by us, the industry or other regulators, our compliance costs and litigation exposure could increase materially. If the CFPB, or another regulator, were to issue a consent decree or other similar order against us, this could also directly or indirectly adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Our compliance and operational costs and litigation exposure could increase if and when the CFPB amends or finalizes any proposed regulations, including the regulations discussed above or if the CFPB or other regulators enact new regulations, change regulations that were previously adopted, modify, through supervision or enforcement, past regulatory guidance, or interpret existing regulations in a manner different or stricter than have been previously interpreted. 
 Our business could be adversely impacted by changes in the Internet and mobile device accessibility of consumers, and our software platform s failure to comply with existing or future laws governing the Internet and mobile devices. 
 Our business depends on consumers access to our platform via the Internet and/or a mobile device. We may operate in jurisdictions that provide limited Internet connectivity, particularly if we expand internationally. Internet access and access to a mobile device are frequently provided by companies with significant market power that could take actions that degrade, disrupt, or increase the cost of consumers ability to access our platform. In addition, the Internet infrastructure that we and users of our platform rely on in any particular geographic area may be unable to support the demands placed upon it. Any such failure in Internet or mobile device accessibility, even for a short period of time, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Moreover, the application of laws and regulations to online platforms is constantly evolving. Existing and future laws and regulations, or changes thereto, may impede the growth and availability of the Internet and online offerings, require us to change our business practices, or raise compliance costs or other costs of doing business. These laws and regulations, which continue to evolve, cover consumer protection, advertising practices and provision of disclosures, among other things. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us, or our software platform, as applicable, to comply with any of these laws or regulations could result in damage to our reputation and brand a loss in business and proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Indemnity provisions in various agreements potentially expose us to substantial liability for intellectual property infringement, data protection and other losses. 
 Our agreements with customers and other third parties may include indemnification provisions under which we agree to indemnify them for losses suffered or incurred as a result of claims of intellectual property infringement, data protection, damages caused by us to property or persons, or other liabilities relating to or arising from our platform, services, or other contractual obligations. Some of these indemnity agreements provide for uncapped liability for which we would be responsible, and some indemnity provisions survive termination or expiration of the applicable agreement. We also cannot be certain that any provisions in these agreements relating to limitations of liability would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from any liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim. Large indemnity payments could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Although we carry general liability insurance, our insurance may not cover potential claims of this type or may not be adequate to indemnify us for all liability that may be imposed. We generally contractually limit our liability with respect to such obligations, but we may still incur substantial liability related to such obligations and we may be required to cease use of certain functions of our platform or services as a result of any such claims. Any dispute with a customer or third party with respect to such obligations could harm our relationship with that customer or third party, as well as other existing customers and new customers, and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 45 

We are subject to various U.S. and international anti-corruption laws and other anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws and regulations. 
 We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or FCPA, and other anti-corruption, and anti-bribery laws in the jurisdictions in which we do business, both domestic and abroad. These laws generally prohibit us and our employees from improperly influencing government officials or commercial parties in order to obtain or retain business, direct business to any person, or gain any improper advantage. The FCPA and other applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws also may hold us liable for acts of corruption and bribery committed by our partners, representatives, and agents who are acting on our behalf. We and our partners, representatives, and agents may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities and we may be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of these partners and intermediaries and our employees, representatives, contractors, and agents, even if we do not explicitly authorize such activities. These laws also require that we keep accurate books and records and maintain internal controls and compliance procedures designed to prevent any such actions. While we have policies and procedures to address compliance with such laws, we cannot assure you that our employees and agents will not take actions in violation of our policies or applicable law, for which we may be ultimately held responsible, and our exposure for violating these laws increases as our international presence expands and as we increase sales and operations in foreign jurisdictions. 
 
 Any violation of the FCPA or other applicable anti-bribery, and anti-corruption laws could result in whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations, imposition of significant legal fees, loss of export privileges, severe criminal or civil sanctions, or suspension or debarment from U.S. government contracts, substantial diversion of management s attention, a drop in our stock price, or overall adverse consequences to our business, all of which may have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Taxing authorities may successfully assert that we have not properly collected or remitted, or in the future should collect or remit, sales and use, gross receipts, value added, or similar taxes or withholding taxes, and may successfully impose additional obligations on us, and any such assessments, obligations, or inaccuracies could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 The application of indirect taxes, such as sales and use tax, value-added tax, goods and services tax, business tax and gross receipts tax, to platform businesses is a complex and evolving issue. Many of the fundamental statutes and regulations that impose these taxes were established before the adoption and growth of the Internet and e-commerce. Significant judgment is required on an ongoing basis to evaluate applicable tax obligations and as a result amounts recorded are estimates and are subject to adjustments. In many cases, the ultimate tax determination is uncertain because it is not clear how new and existing statutes might apply to our business. In addition, governments are increasingly looking for ways to increase revenue, which has resulted in discussions about tax reform and other legislative action to increase tax revenue, including through indirect taxes. 
 
 We may face various indirect tax audits in various U.S. jurisdictions. In certain jurisdictions, we collect and remit indirect taxes. However, tax authorities may raise questions about or challenge or disagree with our calculation, reporting or collection of taxes and may require us to collect taxes in jurisdictions in which we do not currently do so or to remit additional taxes and interest, and could impose associated penalties and fees. For example, after the U.S. Supreme Court decision in South Dakota v. Wayfair Inc. , certain states have adopted, or started to enforce, laws that may require the calculation, collection and remittance of taxes on sales in their jurisdictions, even if we do not have a physical presence in such jurisdictions. A successful assertion by one or more tax authorities requiring us to collect taxes in jurisdictions in which we do not currently do so or to collect additional taxes in a jurisdiction in which we currently collect taxes, could result in substantial tax liabilities, including taxes on past sales, as well as penalties and interest, could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 As a result of these and other factors, the ultimate amount of tax obligations owed may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements and any such difference may adversely impact our results of operations in future periods in which we change our estimates of our tax obligations or in which the ultimate tax outcome is determined. 
 46 

Changes in, or interpretations of, U.S. and international tax laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The tax regimes we are subject to or operate under are unsettled and may be subject to significant change. Changes in tax laws (including in response to the COVID-19 pandemic) or tax rulings, or changes in interpretations of existing laws, could cause us to be subject to additional income-based taxes and non-income taxes (such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, digital tax, net worth, property, and goods and services taxes), which in turn could materially affect our financial position and results of operations. Additionally, new, changed, modified, or newly interpreted or applied tax laws could increase our customers and our compliance, operating and other costs, as well as the costs of our products. For example, provisions enacted in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, or the Tax Act, related to the capitalization for tax purposes of research and experimental, or R E expenditures became effective on January 1, 2022. Beginning January 1, 2022, all U.S. and non-U.S. based R E expenditures must be capitalized and amortized over five and fifteen years, respectively. Additionally, on August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA, was signed into law, with tax provisions primarily focused on implementing a 15 minimum tax on global adjusted financial statement income, effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022, and a 1 excise tax on share repurchases occurring after December 31, 2022. Given its recent pronouncement, it is unclear at this time what, if any, impact the IRA will have on our company's tax rate and financial results. We will continue to evaluate the IRA s impact (if any) as further information becomes available. As we expand the scale of our business activities, any changes in the U.S. and international taxation of such activities may increase our effective tax rate and harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had net operating loss carryforwards, or NOLs, for federal and state income tax purposes of approximately 479.7 million and 546.1 million, respectively, available to reduce future taxable income. The federal net operating losses generated before 2018 will begin to expire in 2032. The federal net operating losses generated in and after 2018 may be carried forward indefinitely. The expiration of state NOL carryforwards vary by state and begin to expire in 2025. Further, as of December 31, 2022, we had research and development tax credits carryforwards for federal and state income tax purposes of approximately 16.3 million and 11.1 million, respectively, available to reduce future tax liabilities. Federal research and development tax credits will begin to expire in 2033 and the state research and development tax credits can be carried forward indefinitely. It is possible that we will not generate taxable income in time to use NOLs before their expiration, or at all. Under Section 382 and Section 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change NOLs and other tax attributes, including research and development tax credits, to offset its post-change income may be limited. In general, an ownership change will occur if there is a cumulative change in our ownership by 5 percent stockholders that exceeds 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. Our ability to use NOLs and other tax attributes to reduce future taxable income and liabilities may be subject to annual limitations as a result of ownership changes that may occur in the future (which may be outside our control). 
 
 Under the Tax Act, as amended by the CARES Act, NOLs arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 are subject to an 80 of taxable income limitation (as calculated before taking the NOLs into account) for tax years beginning after December 31, 2020. In addition, NOLs arising in tax years 2018, 2019, and 2020 are subject to a five-year carryback and indefinite carryforward, while NOLs arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2020 also are subject to indefinite carryforward but cannot be carried back. Our NOLs may also be subject to limitations in other jurisdictions. In future years, if and when a net deferred tax asset is recognized related to our NOLs, the changes in the carryforward/carryback periods as well as the new limitation on use of NOLs may significantly impact our valuation allowance assessments for NOLs generated after December 31, 2017. 
 Risks Related to Our Acquisition of Title365 
 Adverse changes in economic conditions, especially those affecting the levels of real estate and mortgage activity, may reduce our revenue and earnings for Title365, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our business, financial condition, and results of operations are affected by changes in economic conditions, particularly mortgage interest rates, credit availability, real estate prices, inflation, and consumer confidence. Our revenue and earnings have fluctuated in the past due to the cyclical nature of the housing industry, and we expect them to fluctuate in the future. 
 
 47 

The demand for our title and escrow offerings is dependent primarily on the volume of residential real estate transactions including, in particular, the number of refinances. The volume of these transactions historically has been influenced by such factors as mortgage interest rates, availability of financing, and the overall state of the economy. Typically, when interest rates are increasing or when the economy is experiencing a downturn, real estate activity declines. As a result, the real estate and title insurance industries tend to experience decreased revenue and earnings. Further, a decline or slower growth in title transaction volume due to any number of factors, including increases in interest rates, an economic downturn, or a reduction in title orders from existing customers, would have an adverse effect on our revenue or revenue growth, and could prevent us from achieving or maintaining profitability if we were unable to decrease our costs to keep pace with any such decline or slower growth in title transaction volume. 
 
 Our business, financial condition, and results of operations have been and may in the future be adversely affected by a decline in affordable real estate, real estate activity or the availability of financing alternatives. In addition, weakness or adverse changes in the level of real estate activity could have an adverse effect on business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our exposure to regulation and residential real estate transaction activity may be greater in California and Texas, where we source a significant proportion of our premiums. 
 A large portion of our title business revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 originated from residential real estate transactions in California and Texas. As compared to our competitors who operate on a wider geographic scale or whose business is less concentrated in California and Texas, any adverse changes in the regulatory environment affecting title insurance and real estate settlement in California and Texas, which could include reductions in the maximum rates permitted to be charged, inadequate rate increases, or more fundamental changes in the design or implementation of the California and Texas title insurance regulatory framework, may expose us to more significant risks and our business, financial condition, and result of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 In addition, to the extent residential real estate transaction volume in California or Texas changes significantly, whether due to changes in real estate values that differ from the overall U.S. real estate market, changes in the local economy relative to the U.S. economy, or natural disasters that disproportionately impact residential real estate activity in California or Texas, we could experience lower revenues and growth than historically observed or projected. 
 Competition in the title insurance industry may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Competition in the title insurance industry is intense, particularly with respect to price, service, and expertise. Larger commercial mortgage originators also look at the size and financial strength of a title insurance agency. Although we provide title and settlement services to large commercial customers and mortgage originators, there are many other title insurance agencies that have substantially greater gross revenue than we do and, if affiliated with a title insurance underwriter, could have significantly greater capital. The size and number of title insurance agencies varies in the geographic areas in which we conduct our title business. Our existing competitors may expand their title insurance business and, although we are not aware of any current initiatives to reduce regulatory barriers to entering our industry, any such reduction could result in new competitors, including financial institutions, entering the title insurance business. From time to time, new entrants enter the marketplace with alternative products to traditional title insurance, although many of these alternative products have been disallowed by title insurance regulators. Further, advances in technologies could, over time, significantly disrupt the traditional business model of financial services and real estate-related companies, including title insurance. These alternative products or disruptive technologies, if permitted by regulators, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our success depends upon the real estate and title insurance industries continuing to adopt new products at their current pace and the continued growth and acceptance of digital products and services as effective enhancements and alternatives to traditional manual products and services. 
 We provide title and escrow products in part through our platform, which competes with traditional manual counterparts. We believe that the continued growth and acceptance of digital and instant experiences generally will depend, to a large extent, on the continued growth in commercial use of the internet and the continued migration of traditional offline markets and industries online. 
 
 The title and escrow process may not migrate to new technologies as quickly as (or at the levels that) we expect, and existing or future federal and state laws may prevent us from offering certain of our title and escrow products. For example, many states have enacted permanent remote online notarization, while others have issued emergency measures in response to COVID-19, 
 48 

and certain states do not allow remote notarization, and others may not enact permanent authorization for remote notarization, which may impact our ability to introduce our products in certain markets. 
 
 Furthermore, although consumers have a legal right to select their own title insurance provider, as well as all of their settlement service vendors, consumers regularly use the providers recommended by their advisor, which may be their real estate agent, loan officer, or attorney. If consumer awareness of their right to select their own title insurance provider or settlement service vendors and/or if demand for online title and escrow products does not increase, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 Moreover, if, for any reason, an unfavorable perception develops that digital experiences and/or automation are less efficacious than in-person closings or traditional offline methods of preparing closing disclosures, purchasing title insurance and other services, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 Risks Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties 
 We rely on partners, vendors, and other service providers to provide some of the software or data for our platform. If such partners, vendors, and other service providers interfere with the distribution of our platform or with our use of such software, our business could be adversely affected. 
 We rely upon certain partners, vendors, and other service providers to provide data used in, and software employed by, our platform and services or by customers and consumers using our platform and services, and it is possible that such software or data may not be reliable. From time to time we may in the future have disputes with certain of our partners, vendors, and other service providers. If, in connection with such a dispute, a partner, vendor, or service provider terminates its relationship with us or otherwise limits the provision of their software or data to us, the availability or usage of our platform could be disrupted. If the partners, vendors, and other service providers we rely upon cease to provide access to the software and/or data that we and our customers and consumers use, whether in connection with disputes or otherwise, do not provide access to such software and/or data on terms that we believe to be attractive or reasonable, or do not provide us with the most current version of such software, we may be required to seek comparable software and/or data from other sources, which may be more expensive or inferior, or may not be available at all, any of which would adversely affect our business. 
 We primarily rely on Amazon Web Services to deliver our services to users on our platform, and any disruption of or interference with our use of Amazon Web Services could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We currently host our platform and support our operations using data centers provided by Amazon Web Services, or AWS, a third-party provider of cloud infrastructure services. We do not have control over the operations of the facilities of AWS that we use. AWS facilities are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, cyberattacks, terrorist attacks, power outages, infrastructure changes, human error, disruptions in telecommunications services, fraud, military or political conflicts, computer viruses, ransomware, malware, and similar events or acts of misconduct. Our platform s continuing and uninterrupted performance is critical to our success. We have experienced, and expect that in the future we will experience interruptions, delays, and outages in service and availability from time to time due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, website hosting disruptions, and capacity constraints. In addition, any changes in AWS service levels may adversely affect our ability to meet the requirements of users on our platform. Since our platform s continuing and uninterrupted performance is critical to our success, sustained or repeated system failures would reduce the attractiveness of our platform. It may become increasingly difficult to maintain and improve our performance, especially during peak usage times, as we expand and the usage of our platform increases. Any negative publicity arising from these disruptions and any of the above circumstances or events may harm our reputation and brand, reduce the availability or usage of our platform, lead to a significant short-term loss of revenue, increase our costs, and impair our ability to attract new users, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Our master agreement with AWS will remain in effect until terminated by AWS or us. We have a three-year agreement with AWS, expiring on June 30, 2023, that may only be terminated by us or AWS for cause upon a material breach of the agreement, subject to the terminating party providing prior written notice and a 30-day cure period. Even though our platform is entirely in the cloud, our plan is to be vendor-agnostic and we believe that we could transition to one or more alternative cloud infrastructure providers on commercially reasonable terms. We do not believe that such transfer to, or the addition of, new cloud infrastructure service providers would cause substantial harm to our business, financial condition, and results of operations over the longer term. 
 49 

We depend on the interoperability of our platform across third-party applications and services that we do not control. 
 We have built integrations with many technology partners, including leading providers of customer relationship management platforms, loan origination systems, core banking systems, document generation systems, income and asset verification services, and pricing and product engines, and a variety of other service providers. Third-party applications, products, and services are constantly evolving, and we may not be able to maintain or modify our platform to ensure its compatibility with third-party offerings following development changes. In addition, some of our competitors, partners, or other service providers may take actions that disrupt the interoperability of our platform with their own products or services, or exert strong business influence on our ability to, and the terms on which we operate our platform. As our platform evolves, we expect the types and levels of competition we face to increase. Should any of our competitors, partners, or other service providers modify their technologies, standards, or terms of use in a manner that degrades the functionality or performance of our platform or is otherwise unsatisfactory to us or gives preferential treatment to our other competitors products or services, our platform, business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 The loss of access to credit, employment, financial and other data from external sources could harm our ability to provide our products and services. 
 We rely on a wide variety of data sources to provide our services and products, including data collected from applicants and borrowers, credit bureaus, payroll providers, data aggregators, and unaffiliated third parties. If we are unable to access and use data collected from or on behalf of applicants and borrowers, or other third-party data, or our access to such data is limited, our ability to provide our services and enable our customers to verify applicant data would be compromised. Any of the foregoing could negatively impact the consumer experience of our platform, the volume of loans enabled through our platform, the delivery of closing services like title and settlement services, and the degree of automation in our application process and on our platform. 
 
 Further, although we utilize third parties to enable financial services firms to verify the income and employment information provided by certain selected applicants, we cannot guarantee the accuracy of applicant information. Information provided by borrowers may be incomplete, inaccurate, or intentionally false. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our business depends on our intellectual property, the protection of which is important to the success of our business. We rely on a combination of trademark, trade secret, copyright, and patent law and contractual restrictions to protect our intellectual property. In addition, we attempt to protect our intellectual property, technology, and confidential information by requiring our employees and consultants who develop intellectual property on our behalf to enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements, and third parties we share information with to enter into nondisclosure agreements. These agreements may not effectively prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information, intellectual property, or technology and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information or technology, or infringement of our intellectual property. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may copy aspects of our platform or other software, technology, and functionality or obtain and use information that we consider proprietary. In addition, unauthorized parties may also attempt, or successfully endeavor, to obtain our intellectual property, confidential information, and trade secrets through various methods, including through cyberattacks, and legal or other methods of protecting this data may be inadequate. 
 
 We have registered the term Blend in the United States, the United Kingdom, and the European Union, and as of December 31, 2022, we had pending trademark applications in the United States as well as Canada. We have also registered the term Title365 in the United States. Additionally, we have registered domain names that we use in, or are related to, our business, most importantly blend.com and title365.com. Competitors have and may continue to adopt service names similar to ours, thereby harming our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to user confusion. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other trademarks that are similar to our trademarks. As of December 31, 2022, we had one issued patent in the United States and patent applications pending in the United States, European Patent Office, Canada, and Australia. Litigation or proceedings before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or other governmental authorities and administrative bodies in the United States and abroad may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights and to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. 
 50 

Further, we may not timely or successfully apply for a patent or register our trademarks or otherwise secure our intellectual property. Our efforts to protect, maintain, or enforce our proprietary rights may be ineffective and could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Intellectual property infringement assertions by third parties could result in significant costs and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and reputation. 
 We operate in an industry with frequent intellectual property litigation. Other parties may assert that we have infringed their intellectual property rights. We could be required to pay substantial damages or cease using intellectual property or technology that is deemed infringing. 
 
 Further, we cannot predict whether assertions of third-party intellectual property rights or claims arising from such assertions would substantially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The defense of these claims and any future infringement claims, whether they are with or without merit or are determined in our favor, may result in costly litigation and diversion of technical and management personnel. Further, an adverse outcome of a dispute may require us to pay damages, potentially including treble damages and attorneys fees if we are found to have willfully infringed a party s patent or copyright rights, cease making, licensing, or using products that are alleged to incorporate the intellectual property of others, expend additional development resources to redesign our offerings, and enter into potentially unfavorable royalty or license agreements in order to obtain the right to use necessary technologies. Royalty or licensing agreements, if required, may be unavailable on terms acceptable to us, or at all. In any event, we may need to license intellectual property which would require us to pay royalties or make one-time payments. Even if these matters do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor or without significant cash settlements, the time and resources necessary to resolve them could adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, and reputation. 
 Our platform contains third-party open source software components, and failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software licenses could restrict our ability to provide our platform. 
 Our platform contains software modules licensed to us by third-party authors under open source licenses. Use and distribution of open source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide support, warranties, indemnification, or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. In addition, the public availability of such software may make it easier for others to compromise our platform. 
 
 Some open source licenses contain requirements that may, depending on how the licensed software is used or modified, require that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create based upon the licensed open source software, authorize further modification and redistribution of that source code, make that source code available at little or no cost, or grant other licenses to our intellectual property. If we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner, we could, under certain open source licenses, be required to release the source code of our proprietary software under the terms of an open source software license. This could enable our competitors to create similar offerings with lower development effort and time and ultimately could result in a loss of our competitive advantages. Alternatively, to avoid the release of the affected portions of our source code, we could be required to purchase additional licenses, expend substantial time, and resources to re-engineer some or all of our software or cease use or distribution of some or all of our software until we can adequately address the concerns. 
 
 Although we have certain policies and procedures in place to monitor our use of open source software that are designed to avoid subjecting our platform to conditions, those policies and procedures may not be effective to detect or address all such conditions. In addition, the terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts, and there is a risk that these licenses could be construed in a way that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to provide or distribute our platform. From time to time, there have been claims challenging the ownership of open source software against companies that incorporate open source software into their solutions. As a result, we could be subject to lawsuits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software. If we are held to have breached or failed to fully comply with all the terms and conditions of an open source software license, we could face infringement or other liability, or be required to seek costly licenses from third parties to continue providing our platform on terms that are not economically feasible, to re-engineer our platform, to discontinue or delay the provision of our platform if re-engineering could not be accomplished on a timely basis, or to make generally available, in source code form, our proprietary code, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 51 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock 
 The multi-class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting power with Nima Ghamsari, Head of Blend, Co-Founder, and Chair of our board of directors, which will severely limit your ability to influence or direct the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of our board of directors, the adoption of amendments to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, and the approval of any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets or other major corporate transaction. 
 Our Class A common stock has one vote per share, our Class B common stock has 40 votes per share, and our Class C common stock has no voting rights, except as otherwise required by law. As of December 31, 2022, Nima Ghamsari, Head of Blend, Co-Founder, and Chair of our board of directors, beneficially owns all of the issued and outstanding shares of our Class B common stock. As of December 31, 2022, the shares beneficially owned by Mr. Ghamsari represented approximately 65 of the total voting power of our outstanding capital stock, which voting power may increase over time as Mr. Ghamsari exercises equity awards and exchanges them for our Class B common stock under the Equity Exchange Agreement. If all such equity awards held by Mr. Ghamsari (including the Co-Founder and Head of Blend Long-Term Performance Award) had been exercised for cash as of December 31, 2022, Mr. Ghamsari would hold approximately 87 of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock. As a result, for the foreseeable future, Mr. Ghamsari will be able to control matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election of members of our board of directors, the adoption of amendments to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, and the approval of any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets or other major corporate transaction. Mr. Ghamsari may have interests that differ from yours and may vote in a way with which you disagree and which may be adverse to your interest. The concentration of control will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters for the foreseeable future and could have the effect of delaying, preventing, or deterring a change in control of our company, could deprive you and other holders of Class A common stock of an opportunity to receive a premium for your Class A common stock as part of a sale of our company and could negatively affect the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, this may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our capital stock that you may feel are in your best interest as one of our stockholders. 
 
 Because of the 40-to-one voting ratio between our Class B and Class A common stock, even if Mr. Ghamsari transfers or sells a significant number of shares of Class A common stock, he will continue to control a significant portion of the voting power of our capital stock based on his current ownership. Future transfers by Mr. Ghamsari and his affiliates of Class B common stock will generally result in those shares converting into shares of Class A common stock, subject to limited exceptions, such as certain transfers effected for estate planning or charitable purposes. In addition, each share of Class B common stock will convert automatically into one share of Class A common stock upon (i) the date fixed by our board of directors that is no less than 61 days and no more than 180 days following the first date following the completion of our initial public offering, or IPO, on which the number of shares of our capital stock, including Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and Class C common stock, and any shares of capital stock underlying equity securities or other convertible instruments, held by Mr. Ghamsari and his affiliates is less than 35 of the number of shares of Class B common stock held by Mr. Ghamsari and his affiliates as of immediately following the completion of our IPO, which we sometimes refer to herein as the 35 Ownership Threshold; (ii) 12 months after the death or total disability of Mr. Ghamsari, during which 12-month period the shares of our Class B common stock shall be voted as directed by a person designated by Mr. Ghamsari and approved by our board of directors (or if there is no such person, then our secretary then in office); (iii) the date fixed by our board of directors that is no less than 61 days and no more than 180 days following the date on which Mr. Ghamsari is terminated for cause (as defined in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation); (iv) the date fixed by our board of directors that is no less than 61 days and no more than 180 days following the date upon which (A) Mr. Ghamsari is no longer providing services to us as an officer or employee and (B) Mr. Ghamsari is no longer a member of our board of directors, either as a result of Mr. Ghamsari s voluntary resignation or as a result of a request or agreement by Mr. Ghamsari at a meeting of our stockholders for Mr. Ghamsari not to be renominated as a member of our board of directors; or (v) the 50-year anniversary of the completion of our IPO. We refer to the date on which such final conversion of all outstanding shares of Class B common stock pursuant to the terms of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation occurs as the Final Conversion Date. 
 
 No shares of our Class C common stock, which entitle the holder to zero votes per share (except as otherwise required by law), were issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and we have no current plans to issue shares of Class C common stock. These shares will be available to be used in the future to further strategic initiatives, such as financings or acquisitions, or issue future equity awards to our service providers. Over time the issuance of shares of Class A common stock will result in voting dilution to all of our stockholders and this dilution could eventually result in Mr. Ghamsari and his affiliates holding less than a majority of our total outstanding voting power. Once Mr. Ghamsari and his affiliates own less than a majority of our total outstanding voting power, Mr. Ghamsari would no longer have the unilateral ability to elect all of our directors and to determine the outcome of any matter submitted for a vote of our stockholders. Because the shares of Class C common stock 
 52 

have no voting rights (except as required by law), the issuance of such shares will not result in further voting dilution, which would prolong the voting control of Mr. Ghamsari. Further, the issuance of such shares of Class C common stock to Mr. Ghamsari would also delay the final conversion of all of our outstanding Class B common stock because shares of Class C common stock issued to Mr. Ghamsari would be counted when determining whether the 35 Ownership Threshold has been met. As a result, the issuance of shares of Class C common stock could prolong the duration of Mr. Ghamsari s control of our voting power and his ability to elect all of our directors and to determine the outcome of most matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. In addition, we could issue shares of Class C common stock to Mr. Ghamsari and, in that event, he would be able to sell such shares of Class C common stock and achieve liquidity in their holdings without diminishing his voting control. Any future issuances of shares of Class C common stock will not be subject to approval by our stockholders except as required by the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange. 
 Although we do not currently expect to rely on the controlled company exemption under the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange, we expect to have the right to use such exemption and therefore we could in the future avail ourselves of certain reduced corporate governance requirements. 
 As a result of our multi-class common stock structure, Nima Ghamsari, Head of Blend, Co-Founder and Chair of our board of directors, holds a majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock. Therefore, we are considered a controlled company within the meaning of the rules of the New York Stock Exchange. Under these rules, a company in which over 50 of the voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual, a group, or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange regarding corporate governance, including: 
 the requirement that a majority of its board of directors consist of independent directors; 
 the requirement that its nominating/corporate governance committee be composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities and an annual performance evaluation of the committee; 
 the requirement that its compensation committee be composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities, and 
 annual performance evaluation of the committee, and the rights and responsibilities of the committee relate to any compensation consultant, independent legal counsel, or any other advisor retained by the committee. 
 
 These requirements would not apply to us if, in the future, we choose to avail ourselves of the controlled company exemption. Although we qualify as a controlled company , we do not currently expect to rely on these exemptions and intend to fully comply with all corporate governance requirements under the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange. However, if we were to utilize some or all of these exemptions, we would not comply with certain of the corporate governance standards of the New York Stock Exchange, which could adversely affect the protections for other stockholders. 
 We cannot predict the effect our multi-class structure may have on the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 We cannot predict whether our multi-class structure will result in a lower or more volatile market price of our Class A common stock, in adverse publicity, or other adverse consequences. For example, certain index providers have announced restrictions on including companies with multi-class share structures in certain of their indices. In July 2017, FTSE Russell announced that it plans to require new constituents of its indices to have greater than 5 of the company s voting rights in the hands of public stockholders, and S P Dow Jones announced that it will no longer admit companies with multi-class share structures to certain of its indices. Affected indices include the Russell 2000 and the S P 500, S P MidCap 400, and S P SmallCap 600, which together make up the S P Composite 1500. Also in 2017, MSCI, a leading stock index provider, opened public consultations on their treatment of no-vote and multi-class structures and temporarily barred new multi-class listings from certain of its indices and in October 2018, MSCI announced its decision to include equity securities with unequal voting structures in its indices and to launch a new index that specifically includes voting rights in its eligibility criteria. Under such announced policies, the multi-class structure of our common stock makes us ineligible for inclusion in certain indices and, as a result, mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, and other investment vehicles that attempt to track those indices would not invest in our Class A common stock. These policies are relatively new and it is unclear what effect, if any, they will have on the valuations of publicly-traded companies excluded from such indices, but it is possible that they may depress valuations, as compared to similar companies that are included. Because of our multi-class structure, we will likely be excluded from certain of these indexes and we cannot assure you that other stock indexes will not take similar actions. Given the sustained flow of investment funds into passive strategies that seek to track certain indices, exclusion from certain stock indices would likely preclude 
 53 

investment by many of these funds and could make our Class A common stock less attractive to other investors. As a result, the market price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected. 
 The trading price of our Class A common stock may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 The trading price of our Class A common stock may be volatile and could be subject to fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. These fluctuations could cause you to lose all or part of your investment in our Class A common stock since you might be unable to sell your shares at or above the price you paid for such shares. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the trading price of our Class A common stock include the following: 
 price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time; 
 volatility in the trading prices and trading volumes of technology stocks; 
 changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of other technology companies generally, or those in our industry in particular; 
 sales of shares of our Class A common stock by us or our stockholders, including sales by Nima Ghamsari, Head of Blend, Co-Founder and Chair of our board of directors, to reduce the outstanding amounts under his personal loans as required under his loan documentation with certain lenders, under which he has pledged shares of his Class B common stock to secure certain personal indebtedness, or for any other reason; 
 failure of securities analysts to maintain coverage of us or changes in financial estimates by securities analysts who follow our company; 
 failure to meet our financial estimates or expectations or the financial estimates or expectations of securities analysts or investors; 
 the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in those projections, or our failure to meet those projections; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of new services or platform features; 
 the public s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements, and filings with the SEC; 
 rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in our industry; 
 actual or anticipated changes in our results of operations or fluctuations in our results of operations; 
 actual or anticipated developments in our business, our competitors businesses, or the competitive landscape generally; 
 litigation involving us, our industry or both, or investigations by regulators into our operations or those of our competitors; 
 actual or perceived privacy or security breaches or other incidents; 
 developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property or other proprietary rights; 
 announced or completed acquisitions of businesses, services, or technologies by us or our competitors; 
 announced or completed strategic transactions by us or our competitors; 
 new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business; 
 changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations, or principles; 
 any significant change in our management; 
 general economic conditions and slow or negative growth of our markets; and 
 other events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism, natural disasters, public health concerns or epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, natural disasters, the war in Ukraine, or responses to these events. 
 
 In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a particular company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against these companies. This litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources. 
 54 

We are an emerging growth company and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our Class A common stock less attractive to investors. 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and have the option to utilize certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We may take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (i) the last day of the fiscal year (A) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our IPO, (B) in which we have total annual revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (C) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, with at least 700 million of equity securities held by non-affiliates as of the prior June 30th, and (ii) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 
 
 Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can also delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We intend to use this extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until the earlier of the date we (i) are no longer an emerging growth company or (ii) affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. While we have not made such an irrevocable election, we have not delayed the adoption of any applicable accounting standards. Further, we may take advantage of some of the other reduced regulatory and reporting requirements that will be available to us so long as we qualify as an emerging growth company. 
 
 Among other things, this means that our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting so long as we qualify as an emerging growth company, which may increase the risk that weaknesses or deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting go undetected. Likewise, so long as we qualify as an emerging growth company, we may elect not to provide you with certain information, including certain financial information and certain information regarding compensation of our executive officers, that we would otherwise have been required to provide in filings we make with the SEC, which may make it more difficult for investors and securities analysts to evaluate our company. As a result, investor confidence in our company and the market price of our Class A common stock may be adversely affected. Further, we cannot predict if investors will find our Class A common stock less attractive if we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our Class A common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our Class A common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 
 Delaware law and provisions in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make a merger, tender offer or proxy contest difficult, thereby depressing the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 Our status as a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay, or prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, even if a change of control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. In addition, our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that may make the acquisition of our company more difficult, including the following: 
 any amendments to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation require the approval of at least a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock voting as a single class; 
 our amended and restated bylaws provide that approval of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock voting as a single class is required for stockholders to amend or adopt any provision of our amended and restated bylaws; 
 our multi-class common stock structure, which provides Nima Ghamsari with the ability to determine or significantly influence the outcome of matters requiring stockholder approval, even if he owns significantly less than a majority of the shares of our outstanding Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and Class C common stock; 
 until the first date on which the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock represent less than a majority of the total combined voting power of our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock, or the Voting Threshold 
 55 

Date, our stockholders will only be able to take action by written consent if such action is first recommended or approved by our board of directors, and after the Voting Threshold Date, our stockholders will only be able to take action at a meeting of stockholders and will not be able to take action by written consent for any matter; 
 our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting; 
 vacancies on our board of directors are able to be filled only by our board of directors and not by stockholders; 
 a special meeting of our stockholders may only be called by the chairperson of our board of directors, our principal executive officer, our president, or a majority of our board of directors; 
 certain litigation against us can only be brought in Delaware; 
 our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation authorizes undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established and shares of which may be issued without further action by our stockholders; and 
 advance notice procedures apply for stockholders to nominate candidates for election as directors or to bring matters before an annual meeting of stockholders. 
 
 These provisions, alone or together, could discourage, delay, or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our company. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for stockholders to elect directors of their choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions they desire, any of which, under certain circumstances, could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our Class A common stock, and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our Class A common stock. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws designate a state or federal court located within the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to choose the judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, or other employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, or our amended and restated bylaws, or (iv) any other action asserting a claim that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware), in all cases subject to the court having jurisdiction over indispensable parties named as defendants. 
 
 Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. To prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, our amended and restated bylaws also provide that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Nothing in our amended and restated bylaws precludes stockholders that assert claims under the Exchange Act from bringing such claims in state or federal court, subject to applicable law. 
 
 Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to these provisions. These exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and other employees. The enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies charter documents has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable. For example, in December 2018, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware determined that a provision stating that U.S. federal district courts are the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act is not enforceable. Although this decision was reversed by the Delaware Supreme Court in March 2020, courts in other states may still find these provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable. If a court were to find the exclusive forum provisions in our amended and restated bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 56 

If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about us, our business or our market, or if they change their recommendation regarding our Class A common stock adversely, the market price and trading volume of our Class A common stock could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us, our business, our market, or our competitors. The analysts estimates are based upon their own opinions and are often different from our estimates or expectations. If any of the analysts who cover us change their recommendation regarding our Class A common stock adversely, provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the price of our securities would likely decline. If few securities analysts commence coverage of us, or if one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets and demand for our securities could decrease, which could cause the price and trading volume of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 We do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 We have never declared nor paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends to holders of our capital stock in the foreseeable future. In addition, our ability to pay cash dividends on our capital stock is likely to be restricted by any current and/or future debt financing arrangement we enter into. Consequently, stockholders must rely on sales of their Class A common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our corporate headquarters is located in San Francisco, California, where we currently occupy facilities totaling approximately 47,000 square feet under a lease agreement that expires in 2025. We also lease offices in Thousand Oaks, California, Newport Beach, California, Lewisville, Texas, Omaha, Nebraska, Coraopolis, Pennsylvania, and Chennai and Bangalore, India. We have supplemented our leased space with temporary or on demand available space in New York City, New York, Maitland, Florida, Salt Lake City, Utah, New Orleans, Louisiana, Little Rock, Arkansas, Las Vegas, Nevada and Montgomery, Alabama. We do not own any real property. We believe that our current facilities are adequate to meet our current needs, and we believe we can acquire suitable additional or alternative space as needed. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings or be subject to claims arising in the normal course of business. We are not presently party to any litigation that, if determined adversely to us, we believe would be likely to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 
 Future litigation may be necessary, among other things, to defend ourselves or our customers by determining the scope, enforceability, and validity of third-party proprietary rights or to establish our proprietary rights. The results of any litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, particularly in the areas of unsettled and evolving law in which we operate, and an unfavorable resolution in any legal proceedings could materially affect our future business, financial condition, or results of operations. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 57 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 Our Class A common stock has traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol BLND since July 16, 2021. Prior to that date, there was no public trading market for our Class A common stock. 
 
 Our Class B common stock and Class C common stock are neither listed nor traded. 
 Holders of Record 
 As of March 3, 2023, there were 260 stockholders of record of our Class A common stock. The number of beneficial owners of our Class A common stock is substantially greater than the number of record holders because a large portion of our Class A common stock is held in street name by brokers and other intermediaries. As of March 3, 2023, there was one record holder of warrants to purchase our Class A common stock. 
 
 As of March 3, 2023, there were two stockholders of record of our Class B common stock. All shares of our Class B common stock are beneficially owned by Nima Ghamsari. 
 
 As of March 3, 2023, there were no holders of our Class C common stock. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have neither declared nor paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends to holders of our capital stock in the foreseeable future. In addition, our ability to pay cash dividends on our capital stock is likely to be restricted by any future debt financing arrangement we enter into. Consequently, stockholders must rely on sales of their Class A common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 On July 20, 2021, we completed our IPO, with a subsequent partial exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares. We issued and sold an aggregate of 22,468,111 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.00001, at an offering price of 18.00 per share. We received aggregate net proceeds of 366.7 million, after deducting underwriters' discounts and commissions of 27.3 million and offering expenses of 10.4 million. 
 
 We intend to use the net proceeds we received from our IPO for general corporate purposes, including working capital, operating expenses, and capital expenditures. We may use a portion of such net proceeds to repay outstanding indebtedness under our credit facility. Additionally, we may use a portion of such net proceeds to acquire or invest in businesses, products, services, or technologies. However, we do not have agreements or commitments for any material acquisitions or investments at this time. The representatives of the underwriters of our IPO were Goldman Sachs Co. LLC and Allen Company LLC. No payments were made by us to directors, officers or persons owning ten percent or more of our common stock or to their associates, or to our affiliates, other than payments in the ordinary course of business to officers for salaries and to non-employee directors pursuant to director offer letters and our outside director compensation policy. 
 
 There has been no material change in the planned use of the IPO proceeds as described in our prospectus dated July 15, 2021, as filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act (File No. 333-257223). 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The information required by this item with respect to our equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 58 

Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return from July 16, 2021, the date on which our Class A common stock commenced trading on the New York Stock Exchange, and its relative performance through December 31, 2022 of (i) our Class A common stock, (ii) the Russell 2000 Stock Index S P 500 Index and (iii) the Standard and Poor's 1500 Application Software Index S P Application Software ). The stock performance graph and table assume an initial investment in our Class A common stock and in each index of 100 on July 16, 2021. 
 
 The performance graph and table are based on historical results and are not intended to be indicative of future performance. The performance graph and table shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of the Company s filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 
 COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN SINCE IPO 
 Among Blend Labs, Inc., the Russell 2000 Index and the S P 1500 Application Software Index. 
 Company/Index 7/16/21 9/31/21 12/31/21 3/31/22 6/30/22 9/30/22 12/31/22 Blend Labs, Inc. 100.00 64.50 35.12 27.27 11.29 10.57 6.89 Russell 2000 100.00 95.64 97.69 90.34 74.80 73.17 77.72 S P 1500 Application Software Index 100.00 104.50 107.50 88.45 71.72 66.40 69.80 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 59 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K . This discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based upon current plans, expectations, and beliefs that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. You should review the section titled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of forward-looking statements and the section titled Risk Factors for a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any period in the future. 
 This section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K generally discusses fiscal years 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal years 2022 and 2021. Discussions of fiscal year 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal years 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K can be found in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, which was filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022. 
 
 Overview 
 Blend Labs, Inc. was founded in 2012, with a vision to bring simplicity and transparency to financial services, so everyone can gain access to the capital they need to lead better lives. To realize this vision, we have built a market-leading cloud-based software platform and suite of products for financial services firms that is designed to power the end-to-end consumer journey for any banking product. Our software platform was built in an extensible, modular, and configurable fashion to support continued product expansion. We have technology, data, and service providers on our software platform, including an extensive marketplace of insurance carriers, realtors, and settlement agencies. Our products and marketplaces provide multiple opportunities for us to serve financial services firms and consumers and drive revenue growth. 
 
 The development of our business reflects continued product innovation as we continue to attract financial services firms to our software platform and grow with them as they serve consumers. Financial services firms have been shifting for years to a digital-first approach to acquiring consumers, delivering products, and deepening existing consumer relationships. This imperative to compete through digital-first consumer experiences creates a compelling opportunity for Blend. We believe there is a large, untapped opportunity to provide additional product offerings and drive increased transaction volume for financial institutions and consumers using our software platform. 
 
 We are continually seeking to enhance the end-to-end banking journeys we power through our software platform. To accelerate the adoption of innovations in our mortgage and home equity products, on June 30, 2021 we acquired 90.1 ownership of Title365, a leading title insurance agency that offers title, escrow and other trustee services. 
 
 We recently introduced Composable Origination, which gives our customers the ability to easily configure or build custom workflows from a pre-built set of components, all while leveraging existing infrastructure. Financial services firms can experience Composable Origination by building custom solutions using our Blend Builder Platform, or with pre-built solutions such as Instant Home Equity, Deposit Accounts, Credit Cards and more. 
 
 Our Business Model 
 Our success-based business model is designed to align our growth with the interests of our customers. We offer our products through software-as-a-service agreements where fees are assessed based on completed transactions, such as a funded loan, new account opening, or API call. For those products that involve a loan or deposit account application, we do not charge for abandoned applications or rejected applications, even though they cause us to incur costs. Our customers have the ability to access our platform, including Blend Builder Platform, our configurable platform, under subscription arrangements in which customers commit to (a) a minimum number of completed transactions at specified prices over the contract term, (b) usage-based arrangements, in which customers pay in arrears a variable amount for completed transactions at a specified price, or (c) a fixed price platform fee, allowing the use of multiple products and services. Completed transaction fees are determined by the number and type of software platform components that are needed to support each product offering. Completed transaction fees are not impacted by the dollar size of transactions; however, we provide volume-based discounts to customers as they complete a higher volume of transactions on our software platform. Customers also have the opportunity to secure discounts by agreeing to contractual minimums. We may earn additional overage fees if the number of completed transactions exceeds contractual minimums for customers who elect to enter into subscription agreements in which a minimum number of transactions are 
 60 

completed at specified prices. Other than our usage-based arrangements pursuant to which customers pay for a variable amount of completed transactions, our subscription agreements are generally non-cancelable during the contract term. Our usage-based arrangements generally can be terminated at any time by the customer. With our success-based business model, we are focused on driving revenue growth by enabling our customers to more efficiently process and complete transactions using our software platform. 
 
 We focus on customer success to drive transaction volumes and opportunities for follow-on sales. Our products are sold through a direct sales force that continues to manage customer relationships on an ongoing basis post-sale. Customers often complete an initial deployment for one or two products and then add more products over time. The length of the sales cycle for our products generally declines for the second and subsequent products we sell to a financial services firm, highlighting our high customer satisfaction. 
 
 We also earn revenue through commissions or service fees when consumers use our integrated marketplaces to select a real estate agent, property and casualty insurance carrier, or our software-enabled title and settlement services entity, which excludes traditional title revenue from Title365. These commissions or service fees are generated from consumers and are incremental to what we earn from our financial services firm customers on completed transactions. Our marketplaces are intended to provide greater consumer choice and flexibility and to help financial services firms by providing them with a more complete offering in partnership with Blend. As we drive adoption of our software platform, we expect these commissions and service fees to comprise a larger part of our revenue. 
 
 The acquisition of Title365 has enabled our customers to streamline the title, settlement, and closing process at scale for mortgages, home equity lines of credit, and home equity loans, and we plan to continue to invest in improving and integrating settlement services into those banking products. In performing title search services, Title365 serves as an agent to place and bind title insurance policies with third-party underwriters. Title365 escrow, closing and settlement services are primarily associated with managing the closing of real estate transactions, including the processing of funds on behalf of the transaction participants, gathering and recording the required closing documents, and providing notary and other real estate or title-related activities. Title365 also provides title services in connection with a borrower default and with the issuance of home equity lines of credit and home equity loans. 

Recent Developments 
 Industry Trends 
 The mortgage market is heavily influenced by government policies and overall economic conditions. The real estate environment, including interest rates and the general economic environment, typically impact the demand for mortgage and mortgage related products. Recent changes in these areas have impacted our results of operations. Purchase volume and refinance activity were strong in 2021 and 2020 relative to historical averages over the preceding decade; however, an increase in interest rates due to efforts by the Federal Reserve to manage rising inflation, combined with ongoing supply constraints, have resulted in a decline in mortgage origination activity for 2022 and could bring further reductions in future periods. In their latest published update, the Mortgage Bankers Association MBA indicated that overall mortgage originations, including refinancing loans, are expected to continue declining in 2023 before recovering in 2024. As a large portion of our revenue is driven by mortgage and mortgage related transaction volumes, declines in the mortgage origination volumes have had, and are likely to continue to have, adverse effects on our business. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we have seen a 3.9 decrease in total reported banking transactions and a 31.9 decrease in mortgage transactions, particularly refinance transactions, on our software platform compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. We attribute the majority of this decrease to rapidly rising interest rates, decreased housing affordability, and uncertain worldwide political and economic conditions. Overall industry origination volumes, as reported by the MBA, have decreased by 56 over the same period. 
 Workforce Reduction Plans 
 We have implemented certain workforce actions as part of our broader efforts to improve cost efficiency and better align our operating structure with our business activities. The focus of such workforce actions is on streamlining our title operations as well as our general and administrative functions. 
 
 61 

In 2022, we executed the 2022 Workforce Reduction Plans, which eliminated an aggregate of approximately 440 positions across the Company. The charges incurred in connection with such workforce actions amounted to approximately 15.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and consisted primarily of cash expenditures for compensation and severance payments, employee benefits, payroll taxes and related facilitation costs. 
 
 In January 2023, we committed to the January Plan, which was in addition to the 2022 Workforce Reduction Plans. The January Plan further streamlines our title operations, as well as our corporate operations in R D, sales and marketing, and general and administrative functions. The January Plan eliminated approximately 340 positions across the Company. We have incurred approximately 11.0 million in charges in the first quarter of 2023 in connection with the January Plan and expect to incur additional charges of approximately 3.0 million in the upcoming months. We expect that the execution of the January Plan, including cash payments, will be substantially complete in the first half of 2023. The eliminated positions represent annualized compensation expenses of approximately 43.4 million. 
 
 We may incur other charges or cash expenditures not currently contemplated due to unanticipated events that may occur as a result of or in connection with the implementation of any of the Workforce Reduction Plans described above. Our implementation of the plans and related initiatives is subject to risks and uncertainties, including the possibility that there are impediments to our ability to execute the plans or related initiatives as currently contemplated, the actual charges in implementing the plans or related initiatives are higher than anticipated, there are changes to the assumptions on which the estimated charges associated with the plans or related initiatives are based, we are unable to achieve our projected cost savings in connection with the plans or related initiatives, or there are unintended consequences from the Plans or related initiatives that impact our business. 
 Impairment of Intangible Assets and Goodwill 
 Due to a continued decline in economic and market conditions, including a decline in our market capitalization and current and projected declines in the operating results of the Title365 segment, we determined that triggering events that indicate the assets should be evaluated for impairment existed as of June 30, 2022 and performed an interim quantitative impairment analysis, which resulted in a partial impairment of goodwill and customer relationship intangible assets. Subsequently, based on further deterioration in market conditions in the third quarter of 2022, such as continued increases in interest rates, we determined that triggering events also existed as of September 30, 2022, and performed another interim quantitative impairment analysis, which resulted in a full impairment of the remaining goodwill and customer relationship intangible assets. 
 
 We determined the fair value of the Title365 reporting unit utilizing an income approach derived from a discounted cash flow methodology. The excess of the carrying value over the fair value is recognized as an impairment loss and allocated to assets for which the carrying value exceeds the respective asset s fair value. Certain assets, such as property and equipment and operating lease right-of-use assets, were not allocated any impairment as the values of such assets approximated their respective carrying amounts. For customer relationships intangible asset, the fair value was also determined under an income approach derived from a discounted cash flow methodology. We also estimated the fair value of the Blend Platform reporting unit and reconciled the aggregate fair values of our reporting units to our market capitalization adjusted for an estimated control premium. In estimating the fair value of the reporting units and intangible assets, we considered a number of factors, including business plans, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows, comparable transactions and other market data. There are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and management's judgment in applying them in the impairment tests of goodwill and intangible assets. 
 
 Based on the results of these analyses, we determined that the carrying values of goodwill and customer relationship intangible assets exceeded their respective estimated fair values and recorded impairment charges of 287.2 million and 162.5 million, respectively, which resulted in the full write off of the goodwill and customer relationship intangible assets. Refer to Note 5, Goodwill and Intangible Assets, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 Key Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 Transaction Volume 
 Our success-based business model results in our revenue growing as we increase our transaction volume on our software platform and declining as transaction volume on our software platform decreases. As a result, our success is in part based on our ability to address the evolving needs of our customers and increase their usage of our software platform and by attracting new customers and growing our relationships with existing customers. 
 
 62 

Because our revenue growth is dependent on transaction volume growth, when our transaction volume declines for any reason, our revenue declines accordingly. The transaction volumes could decline for reasons including but not limited to, reduced demand for our products and services, insufficient growth in the number of financial services firms that utilize our products and services or the lack of expansion of products and services within our existing customer base, transaction volume and mix, particularly with our significant customers, increased competition, or a decrease in the growth or reduction in size of our overall market. In 2022, we have seen industry mortgage transaction volumes decline 56 year-over-year, which impacted both of our segments due to the factors listed above as well as factors outside of our control. The mortgage market is heavily influenced by government policies and overall economic conditions. The real estate environment, including interest rates and general economic activity, also typically impacts demand for mortgage and mortgage-related products. The industry estimates forecast a continued decline in total market transaction volume in the next 12 months. In our Title365 segment, we have experienced lower than anticipated title transaction volume since the closing of the acquisition and may experience further reductions in the future. 
 
 In order to address the evolving needs of our customers and increase their usage of our software platform, under our Customer First model, we focus on building successful long-term relationships and aligning revenue growth with value delivery. We invest in our customers success, beginning with an initial onboarding and rollout plan for each customer. We also monitor utilization rates by customers on our software platform to manage expanded use over time. Our proven ability to grow transaction volume in the past was and we believe in the future will be a function of product depth, technological excellence, and the ability of our sales and marketing teams to match our solutions with the strategic objectives of our customers. Our software platform enables customers to process transaction volumes more effectively and create a better consumer experience. 
 
 By increasing transaction volume on our software platform, we also enable and drive our marketplace business. Our curated set of integrated marketplaces enable consumers to shop for products and services at the precise moment of need as they apply for loans and other products. These marketplaces enable consumers to find real estate agents, insurance carriers, and automobiles for sale online by quickly locating service providers and compare the rates. As we enable a greater volume and diversity of transactions on our software platform, we can help a greater number of consumers locate competitive service providers and build trust with the Blend brand. Revenue from our marketplace business is driven by our transaction volume and success of matching consumers with service providers. 
 Investments in Growth 
 Our ability to maintain a differentiated platform and offering is dependent upon our speed of innovation as we operate in industries characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, and frequent new product introductions. We will invest in our software platform to drive innovation and maintain our position as a leading provider of software for financial services firms for any banking product. To drive adoption and increase penetration within our customer base, we will continue to rapidly introduce new products and features. While we focus today on consumer banking, we believe we can rapidly expand our library of modular components to support commercial banking products as well. In addition, our low-code, drag-and-drop design tools will enable our customers to bring new, innovative products to market quickly and positions us with what we believe is a market-leading combination of platform capabilities and out-of-the-box product offerings. We believe that investment in research and development will contribute to our long-term growth but will also negatively impact our short-term profitability. 
 
 Additionally, as our existing platform components mature, we will need to successfully integrate new products on our platform, including by achieving interoperability between such new products and our existing products, as well as upgrading the decisioning, verification, and automation components of our existing platform in order to continue to help our customers adapt quickly to constantly changing market conditions all of which requires significant investment. 
 
 63 

Key Business Metrics 
 In addition to the measures presented in our consolidated financial statements, we use the following key business metrics to help us evaluate our business, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans, and make strategic decisions. 
 Blend Platform - Number of Transactions 
 Our success in the Blend Platform segment depends in part on increasing the volume of mortgage and consumer banking transactions that take place on our software platform. This occurs as we add new customers and complete more transactions with existing customers, including when our existing customers adopt additional products. Our software platform is built to be extensible, modular, and configurable, so that our customers can easily utilize our pre-built workflow technology, our marketplaces, and our integrations with technology, data, and service providers. We design our new offerings to be highly complementary to existing ones in order to increase the speed of adoption and efficiently scale our revenue. We believe this increasing attachment will increase our revenue. 
 Title365 - Closed Orders 
 In our Title365 segment, closed orders represent the number of orders for title insurance or escrow services that were successfully fulfilled in each period with the issuance of a title insurance policy or provision of escrow services. The volume of closed orders is affected by the overall level of real estate activity, which is cyclical in nature and is affected by a number of factors, including the availability of mortgage credit, the cost of real estate, interest rate volatility, consumer confidence, employment and family income levels, and general economic conditions. 
 
 We believe that the continued growth in commercial use of the internet will lead to the continued migration of traditional offline markets and industries online. In June 2022, we completed the migration of our largest Title365 customer from traditional title to our software-enabled title solution. In connection with the migration, during the third quarter of 2022, we changed the composition of our reporting segments to align with a change in how our Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM reviews financial information in order to allocate resources and assess performance. As a result of this change, the Blend Platform segment now includes the software-enabled title component. Prior to the migration, title orders related to our software-enabled title component were not significant and were included in the Title365 segment. We expect the continued migration of the Title365 legacy business to our software-enabled platform over time, and as a result, we expect the Title365 closed orders within the Title365 segment to decrease in future periods and the volume of software-enabled title, escrow, and settlement orders within the Blend Platform segment to increase. 
 
 The following table sets forth our key business metrics: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Blend Platform banking transactions: Mortgage banking transactions (1) 
 1,234 1,812 1,316 Consumer banking transactions (1) 
 821 326 87 Total Blend Platform banking transactions 2,055 2,138 1,403 Title365 closed orders (traditional title) (2) 
 46 80 N/A (1) Includes estimated transactions for funded loans not yet reported for the fourth quarter 2022. (2) Excludes approximately 11,000 software-enabled title orders for the year ended December 31, 2022, for which revenue and cost of revenue is reported within the Blend Platform segment. 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 Blend Platform 
 In our Blend Platform segment, we generate revenue from fees paid by customers to access our platform. Fees are assessed based on completed transactions, such as a funded loan, new account opening, or closing transaction. Completed transaction fees are determined by the number and type of software platform components that are needed to support each product offering. 
 64 

We do not charge for abandoned or rejected applications, even though they cause us to incur costs related to these applications. Arrangements with our customers do not provide the contractual right to take possession of our software at any point in time. Revenue is recognized when access to our platform is provisioned to our customers for an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those services. To a lesser extent, we generate revenue from professional services related to the deployment of our platform, premium support services, and consulting services. We also earn revenue through commissions or service fees when consumers use our Blend Platform integrated marketplaces to select a property and casualty insurance carrier, title and settlement services entity, or real estate agent. 
 
 Starting in the third quarter of 2022, the revenue in the Blend Platform segment includes revenue from our software-enabled title solution. This revenue is similar to the revenue earned in the Title365 segment further described below, with the distinction that software-enabled technology automates the flow of the title orders from the customer s loan origination software and passes the orders through the Blend Platform. Refer to Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 Our customers have the ability to access our platform under subscription arrangements, in which customers commit to a minimum number of completed transactions at specified prices over the contract term, or under usage-based arrangements, in which customers pay in arrears a variable amount for completed transactions at specified prices. Our subscription arrangements are generally noncancelable, and we may also earn additional overage fees if the number of completed transactions exceeds the contractual amounts. Our usage-based arrangements generally can be terminated at any time by the customer. We recognize revenue ratably for our subscription arrangements because the customer receives and consumes the benefits of our platform throughout the contract period. We recognize fees for usage-based arrangements as the completed transactions are processed using our platform. Over the last several quarters, we have seen a shift towards usage-based arrangements in our customer contracts. Revenue from usage-based arrangements represented 51 , 29 and 12 of our Blend Platform segment revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Title365 
 In our Title365 segment, we earn revenue from title search services for title insurance policies, escrow and other closing and settlement services. In performing title search services, we act as an agent to place and bind title insurance policies with third-party underwriters that ultimately provide the title insurance policy to our customers. Revenue related to title insurance is recognized net of the amount of consideration paid to the third-party insurance underwriters. Our revenues from escrow, closing and settlement services are primarily associated with managing the closing of real estate transactions, including the processing of funds on behalf of the transaction participants, gathering and recording the required closing documents, and providing notary and other real estate or title-related activities. Revenue related to these services is recognized at the closing of the underlying real estate transaction. We also offer title services in connection with a borrower default and with the issuance of a home equity lines of credit and home equity loans. Revenue for default title services and home equity services is recognized at the time of delivery of the title report. 
 
 In June 2022, we completed the migration of our largest Title365 customer from traditional title to our software-enabled title solution. In connection with the migration, during the three months ended September 30, 2022, we changed our reporting segments to align with a change in how our CODM reviews financial information in order to allocate resources and assess performance. As a result of this change, revenue from our software-enabled title solution is presented within the Blend Platform segment, resulting in a decrease in revenue within the Title365 segment. Refer to Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 We expect that rising mortgage interest rates in the near term will continue to drive down transaction volume, especially refinance transactions volume, which will adversely affect both Blend Platform and Title365 revenue. While we believe that the Blend Platform segment will continue to deliver positive growth overall, we expect that the title insurance and other services revenue within the Title365 segment will face significant headwinds to growth, and a decline due to the ongoing mortgage industry origination volume decline as described above within Recent Developments . We are continuing to evaluate the rapid changes within the mortgage industry and the impact to our segments and their projected operating results. 
 65 

Cost of Revenue 
 Blend Platform 
 In our Blend Platform segment, cost of revenue consists primarily of costs of subscribed hosting, support, and professional services. Costs of subscribed hosting services and support revenue consist primarily of expenses related to hosting our services, third-party fees related to platform connectivity services, which include verification of income, assets, and employment, software licenses and expenses related to providing support to our customers. Starting in the third quarter of 2022, the cost of revenue in the Blend Platform segment includes cost of revenue related to our software-enabled title solution, which consists primarily of personnel-related expenses as well as the cost of services provided by external vendors. Costs of professional services consist primarily of personnel-related expenses, including stock-based compensation expense, expenses associated with delivering implementation and other services, travel expenses, and allocated overhead costs. For each application submission, we incur third-party costs as described above, including costs for incomplete transactions for which we do not charge fees to our customers. The timing of those costs may not be aligned with the revenue recognized. We expect our cost of revenue to continue to increase in dollar amounts as we grow our business and revenue and decrease as a percentage of our revenue over the long term as we achieve greater scale in our business, although the percentage may fluctuate from period to period. 
 Title365 
 In our Title365 segment, cost of revenue consists of costs of traditional title, escrow and other trustee services, which represent primarily personnel-related expenses of our Title365 segment as well as title abstractor, notary, and the cost of recording services provided by external vendors. In future periods, we expect that cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue will increase in the near term primarily due to the anticipated decline in revenue driven by the decrease in projected mortgage industry origination volume caused by increased interest rates. 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenses, including stock-based compensation expense, associated with our engineering personnel responsible for the design, development, and testing of new products and features, professional and outside services fees, software and hosting costs, and allocated overhead costs. 
 
 Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. We expect that our research and development expenses will increase in dollar amount as our business grows but will decrease as a percentage of our revenue over the long term as we work towards achieving greater scale in our business, although the percentage may fluctuate from period to period depending on the timing and extent of our research and development activities. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenses, including stock-based compensation expense, costs of general marketing activities and promotional activities, travel-related expenses, and allocated overhead costs. Sales commissions that are incremental costs of acquiring a contract with a customer as well as associated payroll taxes, are deferred and amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated period of benefit, which we have determined to be three years. Sales commissions that are not incremental costs of acquiring a contract with a customer are expensed in the period incurred. 
 
 We plan to increase the dollar amount of our investment in sales and marketing for the foreseeable future, primarily for increased headcount for our direct sales organization and investment in brand and product marketing efforts. We expect, however, that our sales and marketing expenses will decrease as a percentage of our revenue over time as we achieve greater scale in our business, although the percentage may fluctuate from period to period depending on fluctuations in the timing and extent of our sales and marketing activities. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenses, including stock-based compensation expense for our finance, accounting, legal and compliance, human resources, and other administrative teams, certain executives, as well as stock-based compensation expense related to the stand-alone stock option award granted to our Co-Founder and Head of Blend in March 2021, and professional fees, including audit, legal and compliance, and recruiting services. 
 
 66 

Following our IPO, which was completed in July 2021, we have incurred, and expect to continue to incur additional expenses as a result of operating as a public company, including costs to comply with the rules and regulations applicable to publicly listed companies and costs related to compliance and reporting obligations pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. As a public company, we have incurred, and expect to continue to incur increased expenses in the areas of insurance, investor relations, internal audit, and professional services. In addition, general and administrative expenses have increased, and we expect will continue to increase as a result of integrating and operating Title365. As a result, the dollar amount of our general and administrative expenses has increased, but we have taken action to manage further increases in the foreseeable future. We expect, however, that these expenses will decrease as a percentage of our revenue as we achieve greater scale in our business, although the percentage may fluctuate from period to period depending on the timing and extent of our general and administrative activities. 
 Amortization of acquired intangible assets 
 Amortization of acquired intangible assets relates to customer relationships acquired in connection with the Title365 business combination, which are amortized over the estimated useful life on a straight-line basis. 
 Impairment of intangible assets and goodwill 
 Impairment of intangible assets and goodwill assets relates to charges recorded based on the results of the interim quantitative impairment analyses performed in response to certain triggering events, such as a continued decline in economic and market conditions, decline in our market capitalization, and current and projected declines in the operating results of the Title365 reporting unit. Refer to Note 5, Goodwill and Intangible Assets , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Restructuring 
 In 2022, we executed the 2022 Workforce Reduction Plans as part of our broader efforts to improve cost efficiency and better align our operating structure with our business activities, with the focus on streamlining our title operations as well as our general and administrative functions. The charges related to these plans, under which we eliminated approximately 440 positions, comprised of cash expenditures for compensation and severance payments, employee benefits, payroll taxes and related facilitation costs in the year ended December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 14, Restructuring, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income (expense), net consists primarily of interest income earned from our investment portfolio, adjustments to carrying value of investment in non-marketable equity securities and net foreign currency transaction gains or losses. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense relates primarily to debt financing used to fund our acquisition of Title365 and includes interest payable under the terms of the Credit Agreement entered into in connection with the closing of the acquisition of Title365 and amortization of debt discounts and debt issuance costs. 
 Income Taxes 
 Provision for income taxes consists primarily of U.S. state income taxes and adjustments to the valuation allowance. We maintain a full valuation allowance on our net federal and state deferred tax assets as we have concluded that it is not more likely than not that such net deferred tax assets will be realized. 

Results of Operations 
 The following tables set forth our results of operations for the periods presented in dollars and as a percentage of our revenue: 
 67 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Revenue 235,201 234,495 96,029 Cost of revenue (1) 
 145,550 118,506 34,289 Gross profit 89,651 115,989 61,740 Operating expenses: Research and development (1) 
 138,094 92,216 55,503 Sales and marketing (1) 
 85,248 84,077 51,420 General and administrative (1) 
 139,120 128,802 30,108 Amortization of acquired intangible assets 8,411 8,136 Impairment of intangible assets and goodwill 449,680 Restructuring 15,275 Total operating expenses 835,828 313,231 137,031 Loss from operations (746,177) (197,242) (75,291) Interest expense (24,790) (11,279) Other income (expense), net 4,916 493 700 Loss before income taxes (766,051) (208,028) (74,591) Income tax benefit (expense) 2,241 38,886 (26) Net loss (763,810) (169,142) (74,617) 
 (1) Includes stock-based compensation as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) 
 Cost of revenue 2,069 753 79 Research and development 47,280 13,184 4,250 Sales and marketing 11,725 7,167 3,675 General and administrative 48,628 49,740 2,120 Total stock-based compensation 109,702 70,844 10,124 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (as a of revenue) 
 Revenue 100 100 100 Cost of revenue 62 51 36 Gross margin 38 49 64 Operating expenses: Research and development 59 39 58 Sales and marketing 36 36 54 General and administrative 59 55 31 Amortization of acquired intangible assets 4 3 Impairment of intangible assets and goodwill 191 Restructuring 6 Total operating expenses 355 134 143 Loss from operations (317) (84) (78) Interest expense (11) (5) Other income (expense), net 2 1 Loss before income taxes (326) (89) (78) Income tax benefit (expense) 1 17 Net loss (325) (72) (78) 
 ____________ 
 Certain percentages may not foot due to rounding 
 68 

Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Revenue and Cost of Revenue 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change 
 Change 
 (In thousands) 
 Segment revenue: Blend Platform: Mortgage Banking 83,391 108,264 (24,873) (23 Consumer Banking and Marketplace 44,227 23,120 21,107 91 Professional Services 4,396 4,178 218 5 Total Blend Platform 132,014 135,562 (3,548) (3 Title365 103,187 98,933 4,254 4 Total revenue 235,201 234,495 706 Segment cost of revenue: Blend Platform 
 61,924 49,917 12,007 24 Title365 83,626 68,589 15,037 22 Total cost of revenue 145,550 118,506 27,044 23 Segment gross profit: Blend Platform 
 70,090 85,645 (15,555) (18 Title365 19,561 30,344 (10,783) (36 Total gross profit 89,651 115,989 (26,338) (23 
 
 Revenue increased 0.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase of 4.3 million, or 4 , in revenue from Title365 offset by a decrease in Blend Platform revenue of 3.5 million, or 3 . The increase in Title365 revenue was primarily due to the inclusion of 70.9 million of revenue from Title365 in the first half of 2022, while the comparative period only included the results of Title365 from the acquisition date of June 30, 2021. In the second half of 2022, Title365 revenue decreased by 66.6 million as compared to the second half of 2021, which was primarily due to a 56.4 million decrease driven by the lower volume of title orders and a 10.2 million decrease due to the migration of the software-enabled title solution to the Blend Platform segment. 
 
 Within Blend Platform revenue, Mortgage Banking revenue decreased 24.9 million, or 23 , primarily due to the lower volume of mortgage banking transactions, particularly refinance transactions, with our customers, and Consumer Banking and Marketplace revenue increased 21.1 million, or 91 , primarily due to the inclusion of 10.2 million software-enabled title revenue related to the customers that migrated from the Title365 segment and an increase in the volume of transactions related to our integrated software solutions outside of mortgage, including ancillary products and marketplace offerings. 
 
 Cost of revenue increased 27.0 million, or 23 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, driven by an increase in Blend Platform cost of revenue of 12.0 million, or 24 , and an increase in Title365 cost of revenue of 15.0 million, or 22 . The increase in Blend Platform cost of revenue was primarily due to the inclusion of the 11.0 million software-enabled title cost of revenue related to the customers that migrated from the Title365 segment. The increase in Title365 cost of revenue was primarily due to the inclusion of 57.3 million of cost of revenue from Title365 in the first half of 2022, while the comparative period only included the results of Title365 from the acquisition date of June 30, 2021. Title365 cost of revenue decreased by 42.3 million in the second half of 2022 as compared to the second half of 2021, which was primarily due to a 31.3 million decrease driven by the lower volume of title orders and a 11.0 million decrease due to the migration of the software-enabled title solution to the Blend Platform segment. 
 69 

Operating Expenses 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change 
 Change 
 (In thousands) 
 Operating expenses: Research and development 138,094 92,216 45,878 50 Sales and marketing 85,248 84,077 1,171 1 General and administrative 139,120 128,802 10,318 8 Amortization of acquired intangible assets 8,411 8,136 275 3 Impairment of intangible assets and goodwill 449,680 449,680 100 Restructuring 15,275 15,275 100 Total operating expenses 835,828 313,231 522,597 167 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expenses increased 45.9 million, or 50 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, driven primarily by a 34.1 million increase in stock-based compensation expense and an 11.7 million increase in personnel expenses attributable to an increase in research and development headcount dedicated to ongoing investment in our products. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Sales and marketing expenses increased 1.2 million, or 1 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Excluding an increase of 2.1 million due to costs associated with the operations of Title365, sales and marketing expenses decreased 0.9 million. The decrease in Blend Platform sales and marketing costs was primarily due to a 1.5 million decrease in commissions, a 2.1 million decrease in personnel and related expenses attributable to decreased sales and marketing headcount, and a 1.6 million decrease in advertising and promotion expenses, partially offset by a 4.5 million increase in stock-based compensation expense. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses increased 10.3 million, or 8 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Excluding an increase of 23.0 million due to costs associated with the operations of Title365, general and administrative expenses decreased 12.7 million. The decrease in Blend Platform general and administrative costs was primarily due to a 9.8 million decrease in transaction and integration costs incurred in 2021 in connection with the Title365 acquisition, a 3.9 million decrease in professional and other consulting services, a 3.5 million decrease in stock-based compensation driven by 19.2 million decrease in expense recognized for the non-Plan stock options awarded to our Co-Founder and Head of Blend, offset by a 15.7 million increase in expense recognized for other employees stock-based awards, partially offset by 2.8 million increase in insurance costs. 
 Amortization of acquired intangible assets 
 Amortization of acquired intangible assets remained consistent for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 represents amortization of Title365 customer relationships intangible asset from the acquisition date of June 30, 2021. Amortization expense in the third quarter of 2022 was based on a lower carrying value of the customer relationships intangible asset resulting from an impairment charge recognized as of June 30, 2022. There was no amortization expense in the fourth quarter of 2022 as the customer relationships intangible asset was fully written off as of September 30, 2022. 
 Impairment of intangible assets and goodwill 
 Impairment of intangible assets and goodwill increased 449.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, due to the impairment charges recorded in connection with the interim quantitative impairment reviews of the intangible assets and goodwill within the Title365 reporting unit performed as of June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022. 
 70 

Restructuring 
 Restructuring expenses increased 15.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 due to the execution of the 2022 Workforce Reduction Plans. The restructuring charges included cash expenditures for compensation and severance payments, employee benefits, payroll taxes and related facilitation costs. There were no restructuring charges in 2021. 
 Interest Expense 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change 
 Change 
 (In thousands) 
 Interest expense 24,790 11,279 13,511 120 
 Interest expense increased 13.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. We entered into a 225.0 million Term Loan under the Credit Agreement on June 30, 2021, and incurred interest expense for the six months in the year ended December 31, 2021 and the twelve months for the year ended December 31, 2022. The borrowings under the Credit Agreement accrue interest at a floating rate which can be, at our option, either (i) an adjusted Term SOFR rate for a specified interest period plus an applicable margin of 7.50 or (ii) a base rate plus an applicable margin of 6.50 . The effective interest rate on our Term Loan was approximately 13.43 and 10.20 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Other Income (Expense), net 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change 
 Change 
 (In thousands) 
 Other income (expense), net 4,916 493 4,423 897 
 Other income (expense), net increased 4.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase of 2.0 million in interest income from our investment portfolio and a 2.9 million gain on investment in equity securities without readily determinable fair value. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change 
 Change 
 (In thousands) 
 Income tax benefit 2,241 38,886 (36,645) (94 
 Income tax benefit decreased 36.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022 we recognized an income tax benefit of 2.2 million, consisting of a 2.9 million deferred tax benefit resulting from a partial release of the valuation allowance due to changes in U.S. tax law requiring capitalization and amortization of research and development costs for tax purposes and a current tax expense of 0.6 million consisting of state and foreign income taxes. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized an income tax benefit of 38.9 million, primarily related to 39.3 million partial release of our historical valuation allowance resulting from the recognition of a deferred tax liability in connection with the Title365 acquisition. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, our principal sources of liquidity were cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities of 354.1 million, and availability of credit under our 25.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility. Cash and cash equivalents are comprised of bank deposits and money market funds. Marketable securities are comprised of U.S. treasury and agency securities, commercial paper, and corporate debt securities. Most of our cash and cash equivalents are held in the United States. Since our inception, we have financed our operations primarily through proceeds from the issuance of our stock and warrants and cash generated from the sale of our product offerings. 
 
 71 

We have generated significant losses from operations and negative cash flows from operating activities in the past as reflected in our accumulated deficit of 1,162.9 million as of December 31, 2022. We expect to continue to incur operating losses for the foreseeable future due to the investments that we intend to make in our business and decline in revenue due to the macroeconomic environment and, as a result, we may require additional capital resources to grow our business. 
 Credit Agreement 
 In connection with our acquisition of Title365, on June 30, 2021, we entered into a credit agreement that provides for a 225.0 million term facility and a 25.0 million revolving facility. The term facility was funded on July 1, 2021 and was fully drawn upon to provide, in part, the acquisition consideration being paid in connection with the purchase of a 90.1 interest in Title365. The revolving facility is currently available and undrawn. 
 
 There is no amortization of the outstanding principal amount under our credit facility; all principal amounts thereunder are payable on the maturity date, which is the fifth anniversary of the closing of the credit facility. 
 
 The obligations under our credit facility are guaranteed by all of our domestic subsidiaries (other than Title365 and its direct and indirect subsidiaries, and subject to certain thresholds and other exceptions), and secured by a lien on substantially all of our and our subsidiaries assets (other than the equity issued by, and the assets of, Title365 and its direct and indirect subsidiaries and subject to certain thresholds and other exceptions). 
 
 Our credit facility subjects us to certain affirmative and negative covenants, financial reporting obligations, and a minimum liquidity threshold that is tested quarterly. It also requires mandatory prepayment of all or a portion of the outstanding debt thereunder in certain circumstances. 
 Material Cash Requirements 
 Our material cash requirements arising from known contractual and other obligations primarily relate to our obligations under our Credit Agreement, leases for our office locations, and purchase commitments. As of December 31, 2022, our principal contractual cash obligations consisted of the following: 
 
 Total Next 12 Months Beyond 12 Months (In thousands) Term Loan - principal 225,000 225,000 Term Loan - interest (1) 
 93,273 26,660 66,613 Term Loan - exit fee 4,500 4,500 Operating lease obligations 17,789 5,074 12,715 Purchase commitments 14,692 6,225 8,467 Total 355,254 37,959 317,295 (1) Interest on Term Loan is based on rates effective and amounts borrowed as of December 31, 2022. Since the contractual rate for our Term Loan is variable, actual cash payments may differ from the estimates provided. 
 In 2022, we committed to and executed the 2022 Workforce Reduction Plans as part of our broader efforts to improve cost efficiency and better align our operating structure with our business activities, with the focus on streamlining our title operations as well as our general and administrative functions. These plans eliminated approximately 440 positions across the Company. We incurred approximately 15.3 million in charges in connection with these plans, consisting of cash expenditures for severance payments, employee benefits, payroll taxes and related facilitation costs for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 In January 2023, we committed to the January Plan, which further streamlines our title operations, as well as our corporate operations in R D, sales and marketing, and general and administrative functions. The January Plan eliminated approximately 340 positions across the Company. We estimate to incur approximately 14.0 million in charges in connection with the January Plan and expect that the execution of the January Plan, including cash payments, will be substantially complete in the first half of 2023. The eliminated positions represent annualized compensation expenses of approximately 43.4 million. 
 72 

We believe that current cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and the availability of credit under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months. Our future capital requirements, however, will depend on continued growth in our customer base, the timing and extent of spending to support our research and development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the introduction of new and enhanced products and features, the continuing market adoption of Blend s software platform, and the effectiveness of our efforts to improve cost efficiency. We may in the future enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, and technologies, including intellectual property rights. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may seek to raise additional funds at any time through equity, equity-linked arrangements, and debt. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired and at reasonable rates, our business, results of operations, and financial condition would be adversely affected. See the section titled Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Our failure to raise additional capital or generate cash flows necessary to expand our operations and invest in new technologies in the future could reduce our ability to compete successfully and harm our results of operations. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Net cash used in operating activities (190,418) (127,504) (65,013) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 99,431 (633,908) (7,917) Net cash provided by financing activities 2,220 933,573 90,756 Effect of exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (116) (9) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (88,883) 172,152 17,826 
 Cash Used in Operating Activities 
 Our largest source of operating cash is cash collections from our customers, and our primary uses of cash in operations are for employee-related expenditures, sales and marketing expenses, and third-party hosting costs. 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 190.4 million and 127.5 million, respectively. The increase in cash used in operations reflects an increase in our net loss adjusted for noncash items, including charges associated with the impairments of goodwill and intangible assets, stock-based compensation, depreciation and amortization, change in deferred taxes, amortization of deferred contract costs, amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets, gain on investment in equity securities, and amortization of debt discount and issuance costs on our long-term debt, and changes in operating assets and liabilities. Fluctuations in operating assets and liabilities are affected primarily by changes in trade and other receivables, prepaid expenses and other current assets, accrued compensation, deferred revenue, accounts payable, and other liabilities. 
 Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities 
 Net cash provided by investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 99.4 million, which was primarily due to maturities of marketable securities of 247.0 million, partially offset by 145.5 million used in purchases of marketable securities, and property and equipment purchases of 2.1 million. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 was 633.9 million, which was primarily due to 400.0 million cash used in connection with our acquisition of Title365, 351.6 million used in purchases of marketable securities, partially offset by maturities of marketable securities of 125.1 million, an investment via issuance of note receivable of 3.0 million, and an investment in non-marketable equity securities of 2.5 million. 
 Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2.2 million, primarily reflecting proceeds from the exercises of stock options, net of repurchases, of 2.6 million. 
 
 73 

Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 933.6 million, reflecting net proceeds from our initial public offering of 366.8 million, net proceeds from debt financing of 218.8 million, net proceeds from issuance of Series G convertible preferred stock of 309.7 million, proceeds from the exercise of convertible preferred stock warrants of 10.2 million, proceeds from the exercises of stock options of 25.2 million, and proceeds from the repayment of an employee promissory note of 2.9 million. 
 
 Contingent Obligations 
 We administer escrow and trust deposits held at third-party financial institutions representing funds received under real estate contracts, escrowed funds received under escrow agreements, and/or undisbursed amounts received for settlement of mortgage and home equity loans. Cash held for these purposes was approximately 5.0 million net of outstanding checks in transit of 42.8 million as of December 31, 2022. These funds are not considered assets of ours and, therefore, are not included in our consolidated balance sheet; however, we are contingently liable for the disposition of these funds on behalf of consumers. As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any other relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as structured finance or special purpose entities that were established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other purposes. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are prepared in accordance with the U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or U.S. GAAP. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires us to make estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs, and expenses, and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. To the extent that there are differences between our estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be affected. 
 
 We believe that of our significant accounting policies, which are described further in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K, the following accounting estimates involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly, these are the estimates we believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 In our Blend Platform segment, we generate revenue from fees paid by our customers to access our platform, from our software-enabled title solution, and, to a lesser extent, from professional services. In our Title365 segment, we generate revenue from traditional title insurance services, where we earn fees for placing and binding title insurance policies with third-party underwriters, and from escrow and other trustee services where we earn fees from managing the closing of real estate transactions. 
 
 In the Blend Platform segment, our customers have the ability to access our platform under subscription arrangements or under usage-based arrangements. We recognize fees for subscription arrangements ratably over the non-cancelable contract term and for usage-based arrangements as the completed transactions are processed using our platform. In our subscription arrangements, the customers commit to a minimum number of completed transactions at specified prices over the contract term. We believe the area we apply the most critical judgment in our revenue recognition relates to determination of the transaction price, and specifically, the estimation of variable consideration in our subscription arrangements. 
 
 The variable consideration relates to the estimated overage fees we expect to earn over the non-cancelable contract term, which is included in the transaction price at contract inception to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. In estimating overage fees in subscription arrangements, we consider our historical experience and other external factors that may impact the expectation of future completed transactions beyond a customer s contracted minimum number of completed transactions. 
 
 The estimated variable consideration is sensitive to the inputs, judgements, and assumptions made by us. Although we believe that our approach to developing estimates of variable consideration is reasonable, actual results could differ, and we may be exposed to increases or decreases in revenue that could be material. 
 74 

Business Combinations 
 On June 30, 2021, we completed our acquisition of 90.1 ownership of Title365. We account for acquisitions in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations. We believe the area we applied the most critical judgment when accounting for the Title365 acquisition relates to the valuation of acquired intangible assets and the redeemable non-controlling interest. We estimated the fair value of customer relationships intangible asset using the multi-period excess earnings method, where significant assumptions included our estimated annual net cash flows expected to be generated from the acquired customer portfolio (including appropriate revenue and profit attributable to the asset, attrition curve, tax rate, contributory asset charges, among other factors) and the discount rate. We estimated the fair value of redeemable non-controlling interest using a Monte Carlo simulation whereby a range of possible scenarios of future EBITDA of the acquired business was considered. For each scenario we performed an analysis to determine the optimal decision on the timing for us to exercise the call option. Based on the optimal decision in each simulation, the payoff was discounted to the acquisition date and the average of the discounted payoff across the simulation paths was determined to represent the fair value of the noncontrolling interest. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired was allocated to goodwill. 
 Impairment Assessment of Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we performed two interim quantitative impairment reviews of our goodwill and acquired customer relationships intangible asset. These reviews were triggered by a decline in economic and market conditions, including a decline in our market capitalization and current and projected declines in the operating results of the Title365 segment. The environment in which we operate is heavily influenced by government policies and overall economic conditions. Recent rises in interest rates have resulted in a decline in mortgage origination activity, including refinance activity, which had an adverse effect on our business, specifically within the Title365 segment. 
 
 We performed our goodwill impairment analysis at the reporting unit level, which aligns with our reporting structure and availability of discrete financial information. Our reporting units are the same as our operating segments. We performed our long-lived assets impairment analysis at the asset group level. 
 
 We determined the fair value of the acquired customer relationship intangible asset using the discounted cash flow method, where significant assumptions included the estimated annual net cash flows expected to be generated from the Title365 customer portfolio, including revenue, long-term growth rates, EBITDA margins, and the discount rate. Based on the results of our two interim impairment analyses, we recorded an impairment charge of 162.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, representing a full write off of the customer relationships carrying amount. 
 
 In evaluating goodwill for impairment, we compared the fair value of the Title365 reporting unit to its associated carrying value after the write off of the customer relationship intangible asset. We also estimated the fair value of the Blend Platform reporting unit and reconciled the aggregate fair values of our reporting units to our market capitalization adjusted for an estimated control premium. Based on the results of our two interim impairment analyses, we recorded an impairment charge of 287.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, representing a full write off of the goodwill carrying amount. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We measure and recognize our stock-based compensation based on estimated fair values for all stock awards, which include stock options and RSUs. We recognize stock-based compensation expense for stock options and RSUs that vest only based upon the satisfaction of a service condition on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period. We account for forfeitures as they occur. 
 
 We believe the area we apply the most critical judgment in recognition of our stock-based compensation relates to the valuation of stock option awards. We use the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model to determine the grant date fair value of the stock options granted. The Black-Scholes option pricing model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, such as the fair value of the underlying common stock for pre-IPO awards. The assumptions used to determine the fair value of the option awards represent our estimates, which involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. 
 
 Certain stock options granted to our Co-Founder and Head of Blend vest upon the satisfaction of a service condition, liquidity event-related performance condition and performance-based market conditions. The first tranche of the award, which vested upon completion of the IPO, was valued using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model. The remaining tranches were valued using a Monte Carlo simulation model, and will vest upon achievement of performance goals tied to our stock price hurdles with specified expiration dates for each tranche. 
 75 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to certain market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks primarily include: 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We had cash and cash equivalents of 124.2 million and marketable securities and other investments of 229.9 million as of December 31, 2022, which consisted of bank deposits, money market funds, U.S. treasury and agency securities, commercial paper, and corporate debt securities. The cash and cash equivalents are held primarily for working capital purposes. Such interest-earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk. To date, fluctuations in interest income have not been significant. The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal while maximizing income without significantly increasing risk. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes and have not used any derivative financial instruments to manage our interest rate risk exposure. Due to the short-term nature of our investments, we have not been exposed to, nor do we anticipate being exposed to, material risks due to changes in interest rates. A hypothetical 100 basis points in interest rates during any of the periods presented would not have had a material impact on our investments. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 225.0 million of principal outstanding under our Term Loan. Our borrowings under the Term Loan accrue interest at a floating rate which can be, at our option, either (i) an adjusted Term SOFR rate for a specified interest period plus an applicable margin of 7.50 or (ii) a base rate plus an applicable margin of 6.50 . The applicable interest rate was 11.69 as of December 31, 2022. An increase of 100 basis points in the applicable interest rate would increase our annual interest expense by approximately 2.3 million. A decrease of 100 basis points in the applicable interest rate would decrease our annual interest expense by approximately 2.3 million. 
 
 Prior to October 18, 2022, our Term Loan carried a floating rate of interest linked to the London Inter-bank Offered Rate, or LIBOR. In October 2022, we entered into the Amendment, which replaced the reference rate from LIBOR to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR as a result of the expected cessation of LIBOR. We do not expect a materially adverse change to our financial condition or liquidity as a result of the change from LIBOR to SOFR. 
 Inflation Risk 
 Inflationary factors such as increases in overhead costs may adversely affect our operating results. Although we do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations to date, a high rate of inflation in the future may have an adverse effect on our ability to maintain current levels of operating expenses as a percentage of revenue, if the selling prices of our products do not increase with these increased costs. 
 76 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No 
 78 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 79 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 80 
 Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest and Stockholders Equity 
 81 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 84 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 85 
 
 77 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Blend Labs, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Blend Labs, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), consolidated statements of redeemable noncontrolling interest and stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

March 16, 2023 
 78 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities and other investments Trade and other receivables, net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Goodwill Deferred contract costs Restricted cash, non-current Other non-current assets Total assets Liabilities, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Deferred revenue Accrued compensation Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, non-current Other non-current liabilities Debt, non-current, net Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interest Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value: shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022; shares authorized, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021. 
 Class A, Class, B and Class C Common Stock, par value: (Class A , Class B , Class C shares authorized as of December 31, 2022; (Class A , Class B , Class C and (Class A , Class B , Class C shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interest and stockholders equity See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 79 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Amortization of acquired intangible assets Impairment of intangible assets and goodwill Restructuring Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) Other income (expense), net Loss before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) Net loss ) ) ) Net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interest ) Net loss attributable to Blend Labs, Inc. ) ) ) Less: Accretion of redeemable noncontrolling interest to redemption value ) ) Net loss attributable to Blend Labs, Inc. common stockholders Net loss per share attributable to Blend Labs, Inc. common stockholders: Basic and diluted Weighted average shares used in calculating net loss per share: Basic and diluted Comprehensive loss: Net loss ) ) ) Unrealized loss on marketable securities ) ) ) Foreign currency translation gain (loss) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) Less: Comprehensive loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interest ) Comprehensive loss attributable to Blend Labs, Inc. ) ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 80 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest and Stockholders Equity 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balances as of December 31, 2021 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options, net of repurchases Vesting of early exercised stock options 
 Vesting of restricted stock units 
 Stock-based compensation Unrealized loss on investments in marketable securities ) ) Foreign currency translation gain Accretion of redeemable noncontrolling interest to redemption value ) ) Other ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Balances as of December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

81 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest and Stockholders Equity (Continued) 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Founders Preferred Stock and Convertible Preferred Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balances as of December 31, 2020 ) ) Issuance of Series G convertible preferred stock, net of issuance costs of 
 Exercise of performance-based convertible preferred stock warrants Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options, net of repurchases Vesting of early exercised stock options Vesting of performance-based convertible preferred stock warrants Vesting of restricted stock units 
 Stock-based compensation Unrealized loss on investments in marketable securities, net ) ) Repayment of employee promissory note collateralized by common stock Noncontrolling interest recognized in connection with business combination Issuance of common stock in connection with initial public offering, including partial exercise of the underwriter s option to purchase additional shares, net of underwriting discounts and issuance costs 
 Conversion of convertible preferred stock to common stock in connection with initial public offering ) ) Issuance of warrant in connection with the Credit Agreement Accretion of redeemable noncontrolling interest to redemption value ) ) Foreign currency translation loss ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Balances as of December 31, 2021 ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

82 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest and Stockholders Equity (Continued) 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Founders Preferred Stock and Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balances as of December 31, 2019 ) Issuance of Series F convertible preferred stock, net of issuance costs of 
 Issuance of Series D convertible preferred stock upon exercise of Convertible Preferred Stock warrants Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options, net of repurchases Issuance of common stock upon exercise of common stock warrants Vesting of early exercised stock options Vesting of performance-based convertible preferred stock warrants Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive income (loss), net ) ) Net loss ) ) Balances as of December 31, 2020 ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 83 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Stock-based compensation Depreciation and amortization Impairment of intangible assets and goodwill Amortization of deferred contract costs Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets Release of valuation allowance and change in deferred taxes ) ) Gain on investment in equity securities ) Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Trade and other receivables ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets, current and non-current ) ) Deferred contract costs, non-current ) Accounts payable ) Deferred revenue ) Accrued compensation ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Other liabilities, current and non-current ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) ) Investing activities Purchases of marketable securities ) ) ) Sales of marketable securities Maturities of marketable securities Additions to property, equipment, internal-use software and intangible assets ) ) ) Investment in non-marketable equity securities ) Investment in note receivable ) Acquisition of Title365, net of cash acquired ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Financing activities Proceeds from initial public offering, net of underwriters' fees and issuance costs ) Proceeds from debt financing, net of issuance costs Proceeds from exercises of stock options, including early exercises, net of repurchases Proceeds from exercises of common stock warrants Proceeds from issuance of Convertible Preferred Stock, net of issuance costs Proceeds from exercises of Convertible Preferred Stock warrants Proceeds from repayment of employee promissory note collateralized by common stock Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash within the consolidated balance sheets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for income taxes Cash paid for interest Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: Deferred offering costs not yet paid Vesting of early exercised stock options Non-cash additions to property and equipment Accretion of redeemable noncontrolling interest to redemption value Issuance of warrant in connection with debt financing Operating lease liabilities arising from obtaining new or modified right-of-use assets Exercise of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock warrants included in prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 84 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 
 interest in Title365, an underwritten title insurance agency engaged in selling title insurance policies and escrow services throughout the United States. Integrating Title365 with the Company s software platform enables financial services firms to automate title commitments and streamline communication with consumers and settlement teams, enabling the customers to accelerate the title, settlement, and closing process at scale for mortgages, home equity lines of credit, and home equity loans. 
 Basis of Presentation, Principles of Consolidation, and Use of Estimates 

Initial Public Offering and Capital Structure Change 
 On July 20, 2021, the Company completed its initial public offering (the IPO ), with a subsequent partial exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares on August 17, 2021. The Company issued and sold an aggregate of shares of Class A common stock, par value , at an offering price of per share, and received aggregate net proceeds of million, after deducting underwriters' discounts and commissions of million and offering expenses of million. 
 
 Immediately prior to the completion of the IPO, the Company filed an Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which authorized the issuance of shares of capital stock, par value per share, consisting of: shares of Class A common stock; shares of Class B common stock; shares of Class C common stock; and shares of preferred stock. 
 
 Upon the effectiveness of the filing of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, (i) all outstanding shares of Convertible Preferred Stock converted into shares of Class A common stock, (ii) all outstanding shares of Class A common stock converted into shares of Class B common stock on a -for-one basis, (iii) all shares of Class A common stock were reclassified as Class B common stock and all shares of Class B common stock were reclassified as Class A common stock, and (iv) shares of Class A common stock (as reclassified) beneficially owned by the Co-Founder and Head of Blend were exchanged for an equivalent number of shares of Class B common stock. 
 85 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock were issued and outstanding. shares of Class C common stock or preferred stock were issued and outstanding. 
 
 The following is a summary of the rights of the holders of the Company s capital stock: 
 Common Stock 
 Subsequent to the IPO, the Company has classes of authorized common stock: Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and Class C common stock. The rights of the holders of Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and Class C common stock are identical, except with respect to voting and conversion. 
 Dividend Rights 
 Subject to preferences that may apply to any shares of preferred stock outstanding at the time, the holders of the Company s common stock will be entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally available if the Company s board of directors, in its discretion, determines to issue dividends and then only at the times and in the amounts that the Company s board of directors may determine. 
 Voting Rights 
 Holders of the Class A common stock are entitled to vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, holders of the Class B common stock are entitled to votes for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, and holders of the Class C common stock are not entitled to vote on any matter that is submitted to a vote of stockholders, except as otherwise required by law. The holders of the Class A common stock and Class B common stock will vote together as a single class, unless otherwise required by law. At the completion of the IPO, the Co-Founder and Head of Blend held all of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s Class B common stock. 
 No Preemptive or Similar Rights 
 The Company s common stock is not entitled to preemptive rights and is not subject to conversion, redemption or sinking fund provisions. 
 Right to Receive Liquidation Distributions 
 If the Company becomes subject to a liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up, the assets legally available for distribution to the Company s stockholders would be distributable ratably among the holders of the Company s common stock and any participating preferred stock outstanding at that time, subject to prior satisfaction of all outstanding debt and liabilities and the preferential rights of and the payment of liquidation preferences, if any, on any outstanding shares of preferred stock. 
 Conversion of Class B Common Stock 
 Each share of Class B common stock is convertible at any time at the option of the holder into share of Class A common stock. Shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock upon sale or transfer except for certain transfers described in the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, such as certain transfers effected for estate planning or charitable purposes. 
 Conversion of Class C Common Stock 
 After the conversion or exchange of all outstanding shares of the Company s Class B common stock into shares of Class A common stock, all outstanding shares of Class C common stock will convert automatically into Class A common stock, on a share-for-share basis, on the date or time specified by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock, voting as a separate class. 
 86 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding of preferred stock. 
 Reverse Stock Split 
 On June 29, 2021, the Company s board of directors approved a three-for-one reverse stock split of its capital stock, which the Company s stockholders subsequently approved on July 2, 2021 and which became effective on July 2, 2021. The authorized number of shares of each class and series of the Company s capital stock was proportionally decreased in accordance with the three-for-one reverse stock split, and the par value of each class of capital stock was not adjusted as a result of the reverse stock split. All common stock, Convertible Preferred Stock, stock options, warrants, and per share information presented within these consolidated financial statements have been adjusted to reflect this reverse stock split on a retroactive basis for all periods presented. 
 
 2. 
 million, all of which was classified as non-current. 
 million, net of outstanding checks in transit of million as of December 31, 2022, and approximately million, net of outstanding checks in transit of million as of December 31, 2021. 
 87 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million and million, respectively. The uncollectible portion of the receivables written off against the reserve for expected credit losses was million and million, respectively, and the provision for expected credit losses resulted in a reduction to the reserve of million and an addition to reserve of million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 million as of December 31, 2022, of which million is presented within prepaid expenses and other current assets, and million is presented within other non-current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. The carrying value of the capitalized costs was million as of December 31, 2021, of which million is presented within prepaid expenses and other current assets and million is presented within other non-current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Amortization of capitalized implementation costs is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the associated hosting arrangement when it is ready for its intended use. Costs related to preliminary project activities and post-implementation activities are expensed as incurred. 
 years Furniture and fixtures years Leasehold improvements Shorter of useful life or lease term 
 
 88 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million gain as the result of an adjustment to the carrying value of the non-marketable security to reflect observable price changes. The Company determined the adjustment by measuring the security at fair value using the option pricing model OPM as of the date the observable transaction occurred. Observable transactions, such as the issuance of new equity by an investee, are indicators of investee enterprise value and are used to estimate the fair value of the Company s investment in the equity security. An OPM is utilized to allocate value to the various classes of securities of the investee, including classes owned by the Company. Such information, available to the Company from the investee entity, is supplemented with the Company s estimates such as volatility, expected time to liquidity and the rights and obligations of the securities the Company holds. The inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value of the Company s non-marketable equity security are classified as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy due to the use of significant unobservable inputs. Refer to Note 6, Significant Balance Sheet Components , in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 
 At each reporting date, the Company performs a qualitative assessment to evaluate the investment for impairment. If the qualitative assessment indicates that the investment is impaired and the fair value of the investment is less than its carrying value, the carrying amount of the investment is reduced to its fair value. Any adjustments to carrying value based on observable price changes and impairment charges are recorded in other income (expense), net on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss and the investment is presented within other non-current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 89 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

of Title365 (refer to Note 9, Business Combinations The Company accounts for acquisitions in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations . Identifiable assets acquired, liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest in the acquired business are recognized and measured as of the acquisition date at fair value, which is based on best estimates and assumptions as of the acquisition date. Such estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. During the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Goodwill is recognized to the extent by which the aggregate of the acquisition-date fair value of the consideration transferred and any noncontrolling interest in the acquired business exceeds the recognized basis of the identifiable assets acquired, net of assumed liabilities. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition are expensed as incurred. Upon acquisition, the accounts and results of operations of the acquired business are consolidated as of and subsequent to the acquisition date. 
 90 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

ownership of Title365 results in recognition of noncontrolling interest, which represents the minority stockholder s share of the net income and equity in Title365. The Title365 stockholders agreement includes a provision whereby the Company has a call option to purchase the noncontrolling interest at a purchase price equal to the greater of (1) million plus an amount of interest calculated using an interest rate of per annum compounding annually; or (2) multiplied by the trailing -month EBITDA multiplied by the noncontrolling interest ownership percentage (the Title365 Call Option ). The Title365 Call Option is exercisable beginning years following the acquisition closing date. The noncontrolling interest holder also holds an option to compel the Company to purchase the remaining noncontrolling interest at a price calculated in the same manner as the Title365 Call Option (the Title365 Put Option ). The Title365 Put Option is exercisable beginning years following the acquisition closing date. Neither the Title365 Call Option nor the Title365 Put Option have an expiration date. As the Title365 Put Option is not solely within the Company s control, the Company classified this interest as redeemable noncontrolling interest RNCI within the mezzanine equity section of the consolidated balance sheets. The RNCI is accreted to the redemption value under the interest method from the acquisition date through the date the Title365 Put Option becomes exercisable. At each balance sheet date, the RNCI is reported at the greater of the initial carrying amount adjusted for the RNCI's share of earnings or losses and other comprehensive income or loss, or its accreted redemption value. The changes in the redemption amount are recorded with corresponding adjustments against retained earnings or, in the absence of retained earnings, additional paid-in-capital. For each reporting period, the entire periodic change in the redemption amount is reflected in the computation of net loss per share under the two-class method as being akin to a dividend. As of December 31, 2022, the redemption amount of the Title365 Put Option as if it was currently redeemable was million. 
 separate reportable segments. In connection with the acquisition and completion of the IPO, the Company changed its internal processes around the assessment of operating segments results and allocation of resources, and determined that subsequent to these transactions, the function of CODM is performed solely by the Head of Blend. 
 
 In June 2022, the Company completed the migration of its largest Title365 customer from traditional title to a software-enabled title solution. This solution automates the flow of the title orders from the customer s loan origination software and passes the orders through the Blend Platform. In connection with the migration, during the three months ended September 30, 2022, the Company changed its reporting segments as previously reported on its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, and its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2022 and June 30, 2022, to change the composition of the Blend Platform segment to include the Company s software-enabled title component. The impact of this change in segment composition on the comparative prior periods is not material. This segment reporting change reflects a corresponding change in how the Company s CODM reviews financial information in order to allocate resources and assess performance. 
 91 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

92 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

, and of the Blend Platform segment revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Following the change in segment composition, described in the Segment Information section within this Note, the revenue in the Blend Platform segment includes revenue from the Company s software-enabled title solution. This revenue is similar to the revenue earned in the Title365 segment further described below, with the distinction that software-enabled technology automates the flow of the title orders from the customer s loan origination software and passes the orders through the Blend Platform. 
 
 Professional services revenue consists of fees for services related to helping customers deploy, configure, and optimize the use of the Company s technology. These services include consulting, system integration, data migration, process enhancement, and training. Professional services contracts are typically on a fixed price basis and billed in full at the beginning of the contract term. Professional services revenue is recognized on a proportional performance basis, which measures the service hours performed to date relative to the total expected hours to completion. 
 Title365 
 Title365 is a title insurance agency that offers title, escrow and other trustee services, including title search procedures for title insurance policies, escrow and other closing and settlement services. Title365 also offers title services in connection with a borrower default and with the issuance of home equity lines of credit and home equity loans. 
 
 For title insurance services, the Company earns a fee for placing and binding title insurance policies with third-party underwriters that ultimately provide the title insurance policy to its customers. The Company acts as an agent to place and bind title insurance policies and satisfies the performance obligation upon the closing of the underlying real estate transaction. Revenue related to title insurance is recognized net of the amount of consideration paid to the third-party insurance underwriters. Escrow fees and fees for other trustee services are primarily associated with managing the closing of real estate transactions, including the processing of funds on behalf of the transaction participants, gathering and recording the required closing documents, providing notary and other real estate or title-related activities. 
 
 For title insurance services provided along with an associated escrow service, revenue is recognized at the closing of the underlying real estate transaction. For title insurance services provided without an associated escrow service, revenue is recognized upon issuance of the title insurance policy. Revenue for other title services are recognized at the time of delivery of the title report, as Title365 has no significant ongoing obligations after delivery. 
 Contract assets 
 The Company records a contract asset when revenue recognized on its subscription arrangements and professional services contracts exceeds the billings for the period. Contract assets are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 93 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

. The Company determined the period of benefit by taking into consideration customer attrition and estimated technology life cycles. Amortization expense is included in sales and marketing expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

million, of which million is presented within other current liabilities and million is presented within other non-current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2021, title and escrow loss reserves were million, of which million, is presented within other current liabilities and million is presented within other non-current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 94 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

The Company recorded million, million and million in advertising expense for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, as part of sales and marketing expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

95 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, adjustments to carrying value of investment in non-marketable equity securities of million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and net foreign currency transaction losses of million for the year ended December 31, 2022. There were adjustments to the carrying value of investment in non-marketable equity securities and foreign currency transaction gains or losses for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. contribution expense was recognized for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 million include million of cash in a foreign jurisdiction. Collateral is not required for trade accounts receivable. 
 
 and , respectively, of title policy fees earned during the period. For the post-acquisition period from July 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021, the policies were underwritten by two title insurance companies, which accounted for approximately and , respectively, of title policy fees earned during the period. 
 
 N/A 1 
 B 2 
 N/A 1 
 N/A 1 
 (1) revenue from this customer did not exceed 10 for the period presented (2) this customer generates revenue in both Blend Platform and Title365 segments 
 
 The following customers comprised 10 or more of the Company s trade and unbilled receivables: 
 
 Customer 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 A B N/A 1 
 (1) trade and unbilled receivable balance from this customer did not exceed 10 as of the date presented 
 
 96 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

JOBS Act Accounting Election 
 As an emerging growth company EGC ), the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act JOBS Act allows the Company to delay adoption of new or revised accounting pronouncements applicable to public companies until such pronouncements are applicable to private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )). The Company intends to use this extended transition period under the JOBS Act until such time as the Company is no longer considered to be an EGC. The adoption dates discussed below reflect this election. 
 
 97 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

3. 
 Consumer Banking and Marketplace Professional Services Total Blend Platform revenue 
 Title365 revenue Total revenue 
 
 Mortgage Banking revenue represents revenue related to mortgage transactions processed through the Company s software platform. Consumer Banking and Marketplace revenue represents revenue related to the Company s integrated software solutions outside of mortgage banking transactions, such as consumer banking revenue (home equity, personal loans, credit cards, deposit accounts, and all other consumer banking products), ancillary product revenue (income verification and close products), and marketplace revenue (software-enabled title, property and casualty insurance, and realty products). Professional Services revenue represents revenue related to the deployment of the Company s software platform and consulting services. Title365 revenue represents revenue related to traditional title, escrow and other closing and settlement services provided by the Title365 segment. 
 98 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Contract liabilities current Deferred revenue, current ) ) 
 
 There were long-term contract assets or deferred revenue as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized million of revenue that was included in the deferred revenue balance at the beginning of the period. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized substantially all of the revenue included in the deferred revenue balance at the beginning of the period. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company reversed million of revenue related to performance obligations satisfied in previous periods. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized approximately million of revenue from performance obligations satisfied in previous periods. The revenue recognized from performance obligations satisfied in the prior periods primarily related to changes in the transaction price, including changes in the estimate of variable consideration. 
 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations was million. These remaining performance obligations do not include estimates of variable consideration associated with usage-based contracts with termination rights and professional services. 
 
 More than one year Total transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations 
 Deferred Contract Costs 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, total unamortized deferred contract costs were million and million, respectively, of which million and million was recorded within prepaid expenses and other current assets and million and million was recorded within deferred contract costs, non-current, on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 The amortization of deferred contract costs was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is included in sales and marketing expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 99 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

4. 
 Level 1 Commercial paper Level 2 U.S. treasury and agency securities Level 2 Total cash equivalents Marketable securities: U.S. treasury and agency securities ) Level 2 Commercial paper Level 2 Debt securities ) Level 2 Total marketable securities ) Other investments: Certificates of deposit Level 2 Restricted cash: Certificates of deposit Level 2 Total ) 
 
 December 31, 2021 Amortized Cost 
 Gross Unrealized Loss 
 Fair Value 
 Fair Value Hierarchy (In thousands) Cash equivalents: 
 Money market funds Level 1 Commercial paper Level 2 Total cash equivalents Marketable securities: U.S. treasury and agency securities ) Level 2 Commercial paper ) Level 2 Debt securities ) Level 2 Total marketable securities ) Other investments: Certificates of deposit Level 2 Restricted cash: Certificates of deposit Level 2 Total ) 
 The fair value of the Company s investments in money market funds classified as Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy is based on real-time quotes for transactions in active exchange markets involving identical assets. The fair value of the Company s investments in commercial paper and marketable securities classified as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy is based on quoted market prices for similar instruments. 
 
 100 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Due after one year through two years Total marketable securities 
 
 The Company evaluates marketable securities in unrealized loss positions to determine whether the impairment is due to credit-related factors or other factors. The Company considers the extent to which the fair value is less than cost, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the security issuer, and the intent and ability of the Company to retain its investment in the security for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. 
 
 The Company does not have an intent to sell any of these securities prior to maturity and believes that it is more likely than not that the Company will not have to sell any such securities before a recovery of cost. The fair value is expected to recover as the securities approach their maturity date. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, the Company believes that the unrealized losses are due to noncredit-related factors, including changes in interest rates and other market conditions, and therefore no impairment losses have been recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the number of investment positions that are in an unrealized loss position were and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had no securities that have been in a continuous unrealized loss position for twelve months or greater. The Company determines realized gains or losses on the sale of marketable securities based on a specific identification method. 
 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Accrued interest receivable was million and million, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and is presented within prepaid expenses and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 5. 
 
 101 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million for the year ended December 31, 2022 to write down the value of the customer relationships to its estimated fair value, which represented a full write off of the carrying amount. These charges are presented within impairment of intangible assets and goodwill in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 
 
 In evaluating goodwill for impairment, the Company compared the fair value of the Title365 reporting unit to its associated carrying value after the write down of the customer relationship intangible asset to its estimated fair value. The Company also estimated the fair value of the Blend Platform reporting unit and reconciled the aggregate fair values of its reporting units to the Company s market capitalization adjusted for an estimated control premium. 
 
 Based on the results of the impairment analyses, in 2022 the Company recorded an impairment charge of million for the year ended December 31, 2022 against the carrying value of goodwill, which represented a full write off of the carrying amount. These charges are presented within impairment of intangible assets and goodwill in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) and are not deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 Goodwill 
 Impairment Charges ) ) Goodwill as December 31, 2022 
 
 102 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

) ) Internally developed software ) Domain name ) Total finite-lived intangible assets, net ) ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets: Acquired licenses Total intangible assets, net ) ) 
 
 December 31, 2021 Weighted Average Remaining Amortization Gross Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Book Value (In years) (In thousands) Intangible assets subject to amortization: Acquired customer relationships ) Internally developed software ) Domain name ) Total finite-lived intangible assets, net ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets: Acquired licenses Total intangible assets, net ) 
 
 Amortization of intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million respectively. 
 
 6. 

103 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Deferred contract costs Prepaid insurance Prepaid other Recording fee advances Other current assets Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 Recording fee advances represent amounts advanced on behalf of customers in the Title365 segment associated with the recording of mortgage documents. These amounts are primarily recouped within 30 days from funds in the escrow accounts the Company administers. 
 Property and Equipment, Net 
 Furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements Total property and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million respectively. 
 Note Receivable 
 In January 2021, the Company made a million investment in a privately-held company via a convertible promissory note. Interest accrues at per annum and outstanding principal and accrued interest is due and payable at the earliest of (i) months from the execution of the note, (ii) an initial public offering, or (iii) change in control, unless otherwise converted to shares of the issuer. The outstanding principal and unpaid accrued interest are convertible into shares of the issuer s Series Seed Preferred Stock at the option of the issuer, upon a change in control, upon the issuer s initial public offering, or upon a qualified equity financing. The conversion option is not bifurcated from the promissory note as the option does not meet the net settlement criteria of a derivative instrument due to the option not being readily convertible to cash. The Company also has a call option to merge the issuer with the Company for aggregate consideration of million. The value of the call option was determined to be inconsequential. The note receivable is presented within other non-current assets on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 104 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million equity investment in a privately-held company in exchange for shares of Series Growth 1a Preferred Stock. In September 2022, the Company recognized a million gain as the result of an adjustment to the carrying value of this investment to reflect observable price changes in orderly transactions of an identical or similar investment of the same issuer. The carrying value of this investment was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. There were no impairments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Other Current Liabilities 
 Accrued interest Accrued professional fees Accrued connectivity fees Accrued litigation contingencies Operating lease liabilities, current portion Payable to Title365 noncontrolling interest holder under transition services agreement Other accrued expenses Total other current liabilities 
 Other Long-Term Liabilities 
 Early exercise liability Payroll tax liabilities Other liabilities Total other long-term liabilities 
 
 7. 
 million. 
 
 The Company s total operating lease costs were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company s total operating lease costs include variable costs in the amount of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Variable lease costs are primarily comprised of maintenance costs and are determined based on the actual costs incurred during the period. Variable lease payments are expensed in the period incurred and not included in the measurement of lease assets and liabilities. The Company s total operating lease costs also include short-term lease costs in the amount of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 105 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million, which is recorded within other income (expense), net, on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the weighted average remaining operating lease term was years and years respectively. The weighted average discount rate used to estimate operating lease liabilities for leases that existed as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and respectively. Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total operating lease liabilities 
 
 8. 
 2024 2025 2026 Total 
 106 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million, which is presented within other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. litigation contingency accrual has been recognized as of December 31, 2021. 
 Warranties, Indemnifications, and Contingent Obligations 
 The Company s platform, products, and services are generally warranted to perform substantially as described in the associated documentation and to satisfy defined levels of uptime reliability. The service-level agreements that provide for defined levels of uptime reliability and performance permit the customers to receive credits or to terminate their agreements in the event that the Company fails to meet those levels. To date, the Company has not experienced any significant failures to meet defined levels of reliability and performance as a result of those agreements and historically the Company has not incurred any material costs associated with warranties. Accordingly, the Company has not accrued any liabilities related to these agreements in the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The Company enters into indemnification provisions under (i) its agreements with other companies in the ordinary course of business, typically with business partners, contractors, customers, and landlords and (ii) its agreements with investors. Under these provisions, the Company generally indemnifies and holds harmless the indemnified party for losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party as a result of the Company s activities or, in some cases, as a result of the indemnified party s activities under the agreement. These indemnification provisions often include indemnifications relating to representations made by the Company with regard to intellectual property rights. These indemnification provisions generally survive termination of the underlying agreement. The maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under these indemnification provisions is unlimited. The Company has not incurred material costs to defend lawsuits or settle claims related to these indemnification agreements. Accordingly, the Company has no liabilities recorded for these agreements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The Company has agreed to indemnify its officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by its amended and restated bylaws and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware for certain events or occurrences arising as a result of the officers or directors serving in such capacity. The coverage applies only to acts that occurred during the tenure of the officer or director and has an unlimited term. The maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under these indemnification agreements is unlimited. 
 
 9. 
 of the shares of common stock of Title365, an underwritten title insurance company engaged in the business of selling title insurance policies and escrow services throughout the United States, from Mr. Cooper Group Inc Mr. Cooper ). The Title365 acquisition will enable the Company s customers to streamline the title, settlement, and closing process at scale for mortgages, home equity lines of credit, and home equity loans. 
 
 The total purchase consideration was million, of which million was cash consideration. 
 
 107 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Trade and other receivables Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets Restricted cash, non-current Accounts payable ) Accrued compensation ) Other current liabilities ) Operating lease liabilities, non-current ) Other long-term liabilities ) Net identifiable assets Redeemable noncontrolling interest ) Goodwill Total purchase consideration 
 
 Fair value of replacement share-based payment awards Total purchase consideration 
 
 The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations . The purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on the estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired was allocated to goodwill, which is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. However, ASC 805-740-30-3 requires that changes in assumptions about the realizability of an acquirer's valuation allowance as a result of a business combination are recorded separately from the business combination accounting. The goodwill, which was recorded to the Title365 segment, predominantly arises due to synergies the Company expects to achieve through integration of Title365 with the Company s existing software platform, enabling financial services firms to automate title commitments and streamline communication with consumers and settlement teams. 
 108 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Licenses Indefinite Total intangible assets 
 
 Customer relationships represent the fair value of future projected revenue that will be derived from sales of products to existing customers of the Title365 business. The fair value of customer relationships was estimated using the multi-period excess earnings method. The significant assumptions used in the valuation included the estimated annual net cash flows expected to be generated from the acquired customer portfolio (including appropriate revenue and profit attributable to the asset, attrition curve, tax rate, contributory asset charges, among other factors) and the discount rate. The economic useful life was determined by evaluating several factors, including the estimated cash flows used in the valuation. 
 
 Licenses represent intangible assets that legally entitle the Company to conduct business in certain states. The fair value of licenses was determined using the replacement cost method. The significant assumptions used in the valuation included the estimated employee costs and other costs per license application. 
 
 Restricted cash consists of certificates of deposit maintained to comply with regulatory requirements. 
 
 Other long-term liabilities represent the deferred tax liability resulting primarily from the allocation of a portion of the purchase consideration to non-deductible identifiable intangible assets. 
 
 The redemption value of the noncontrolling interest is based on the greater of (1) million plus an amount of interest calculated using an interest rate of per annum compounding annually; or (2) multiplied by the trailing -month EBITDA multiplied by the noncontrolling interest ownership percentage. As such, the fair value of the redeemable noncontrolling interest in Title365 was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation whereby a range of possible scenarios of future EBITDA was considered. In each scenario an analysis was performed to determine the optimal decision for the Company on the timing to exercise the call option. Based on the optimal decision in each simulation, the payoff was discounted to the acquisition date and the average of the discounted payoff across the simulation paths was determined to represent the fair value of the noncontrolling interest. 
 
 Title365 contributed revenue of approximately million, and net loss, including the impairment charges, of approximately million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Title365 revenue from the acquisition date through December 31, 2021 was approximately million, and Title365 net income was approximately million. 
 Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information 

109 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Net loss ) ) Net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest Net loss attributable to Blend Labs, Inc. ) ) (1) As part of the Company s evaluation of Title365 accounting policies post-acquisition, Title365 revenue was adjusted to be presented net of insurance premiums paid to the underwriters, in accordance with Principal vs. Agent considerations included in ASC 606, Revenue Recognition. 

10. 
 Term Loan - exit fee Less: unamortized debt discounts and issuance costs ) ) Total debt 
 
 On June 30, 2021, in connection with the closing of the acquisition of Title365, the Company entered into a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement ), which provides for a million senior secured term loan (the Term Loan and a million senior secured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Facility .) The Revolving Facility includes million sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit. The Revolving Facility also includes a swingline sub-facility (the Swingline Facility that accommodates same-day borrowing of base rate loans. The sublimit for the Swingline Facility is million. In October 2022, the Company entered into the First Amendment (the Amendment to the Credit Agreement. The Amendment replaced the reference rate from LIBOR to SOFR as a result of the expected cessation of LIBOR and in accordance with the Credit Agreement. 
 
 The Term Loan was fully drawn at closing to provide, in part, the cash consideration paid in connection with the acquisition of Title365. The Term Loan was funded and the cash consideration was transferred on July 1, 2021. The Revolving Facility remained available and undrawn as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The borrowings under the Term Loan and Revolving Facility accrue interest at a floating rate which can be, at the Company s option, either (i) an adjusted Term SOFR rate for a specified interest period plus an applicable margin of or (ii) a base rate plus an applicable margin of . The Term SOFR rate applicable to the Term Loan and the Revolving Facility is subject to a floor of , and the base rate is subject to a floor of . The base rate for any day is a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (i) the federal funds effective rate in effect on such day, plus , (ii) the rate of interest for such day as published in the Wall Street Journal as the prime rate, and (iii) the adjusted Term SOFR rate for a one-month interest period, plus . Interest is payable in arrears for the elected specified interest period. 
 
 In addition to paying interest on amounts outstanding under the Term Loan and the Revolving Facility, the Company is required to pay a commitment fee of per annum of the unused commitments under the Revolving Facility. The Company is also required to pay letter of credit fees, customary fronting fees, and other customary documentary fees in connection with the issuance of letters of credit. 
 
 110 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million of debt issuance costs in connection with the Term Loan, which have been deferred, and the remaining unamortized portion of these costs is presented as a reduction of long-term debt. Debt issuance costs related to the Revolving Facility amounted to million, and the remaining unamortized portion of these costs is presented within other current assets on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 In connection with the Credit Agreement, the Company issued a Series G preferred stock warrant to purchase shares of Class A common stock at an exercise price per share of . The terms of the warrant agreement provide the holder with an option to net settle if the fair value of Class A common stock is greater than the exercise price. The net shares to be issued in a cashless exercise are based on the fair value of the Company s Class A common stock at the time the warrant is exercised. As of December 31, 2022, the warrant has not been exercised. The warrant will expire years from the issue date. The proceeds from the issuance of debt were allocated between the Term Loan and the warrant based on their relative fair values, resulting in a debt discount of approximately million for the amount allocated to the warrant and accounted for as paid-in capital. 
 
 Under the terms of the Credit Agreement, the lender is entitled to an exit fee in an amount equal to of the signing date term facility commitment. The exit fee resulted in an additional debt discount of million. The exit fee shall be due and payable on the earliest to occur: 
 a) The maturity date of the Term Loan; 
 b) The date on which all amounts then outstanding under the Term Loan are paid in full; 
 c) The acceleration of the obligations with respect to the Term Loan for any reason; 
 d) Any event of default as defined by the Term Loan; and 
 e) Any repayment resulting from or in connection with a change of control. 
 
 Including the impact of the deferred debt issuance costs and the debt discounts resulting from the exit fee and the warrant, the effective interest rate on the Term Loan was approximately and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Debt issuance costs, debt discounts, and the Revolving Facility issuance costs are being amortized as interest expense over the term of the Credit Agreement. 
 
 The fair value of the Term Loan as of December 31, 2022 was approximately million and is classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of the Term Loan was measured by applying the income approach, which discounts the future contractual cash flows using a current risk-adjusted rate available to borrowers with similar credit ratings. 
 
 The Term Loan and Revolving Facility will mature on June 30, 2026, and the full principal amount of each is due at maturity. No amortization payments are required with respect to either the Term Loan or the Revolving Facility. 
 
 The obligations under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by all of the Company s domestic subsidiaries (other than Title365 and its direct and indirect subsidiaries, and subject to certain thresholds and other exceptions), and secured by a lien on substantially all of the Company s and its subsidiaries assets (other than the equity issued by, and the assets of, Title365 and its direct and indirect subsidiaries, and subject to certain thresholds and other exceptions). 

111 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

11. 
 shares of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock at a price of per share for total proceeds of approximately million, net of issuance costs. The shares are convertible into fully paid shares of Class A common stock on a -for-one basis. In addition, in the first quarter of 2021, the Company s board of directors approved a secondary sale of an aggregate of shares of the Company s Founders Convertible Preferred Stock at a price per share of to the new Series G investors, and upon the effectiveness of the sale, the shares sold were exchanged with the Company for an equal number of shares of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock. There were proceeds to the Company in connection with the secondary sale of Founders Preferred Stock and related exchange into Series G Convertible Preferred Stock. The difference between the fair value of the Founders Convertible Preferred Stock prior to the exchange and the consideration received by the sellers has been recognized as incremental stock-based compensation expense of million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 12. 
 Series D warrants and Series D-1 warrants were exercised resulting in million in total proceeds. As of December 31, 2021, all remaining performance-based warrant awards had expired. Upon the effectiveness of the IPO, all outstanding shares of Convertible Preferred Stock converted into shares of Class A common stock. 
 
 shares of Class A common stock at an exercise price per share of . The terms of the warrant agreement provide the holder with an option to net settle if the fair value of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock (or Class A common stock if exercised after an IPO) is greater than the exercise price. The net shares to be issued in a cashless exercise are based on the fair value of the Company s Class A common stock at the time the warrants are exercised. As of December 31, 2022, the warrant has not been exercised. The warrant will expire years from the issue date. 
 
 13. 
 of the estimated fair value of the common shares on the date of grant, respectively, as determined by the Company s board of directors. The exercise price of an ISO granted to a or greater stockholder shall not be less than of the estimated fair value of the common shares on the date of grant. Options generally vest over a period of . 
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 In July 2021, the Company s board of directors adopted, and the Company s stockholders approved, the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ), which became effective on July 14, 2021. The Company s prior plan 2012 Stock Plan was terminated immediately prior to the effectiveness of the 2021 Plan with respect to the grant of future awards. 
 
 The 2021 Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options, within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), to the Company s employees and any parent and subsidiary corporations employees, and for the grant of nonstatutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units RSUs ), and performance awards to the Company s employees, directors, and consultants and the Company s parent and subsidiary corporations employees and consultants. 
 
 112 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares of the Company s Class A common stock were reserved for issuance pursuant to the 2021 Plan, plus shares of the Company s Class A common stock reserved for future issuance under the 2012 Stock Plan. Subject to the adjustment provisions of the 2021 Plan, the number of shares available for issuance under the 2021 Plan will also include an annual increase on the first day of each fiscal year beginning on January 1, 2022, equal to the least of (a) shares of Class A common stock, (b) of the total number of shares of all classes of the Company s common stock outstanding on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year, or (c) such other amount as the Company s board of directors (or its committee) may determine. Options granted under the 2021 Plan generally vest over periods ranging from one to . 
 
 Granted 
 
 Exercised ) 
 Cancelled and forfeited ) 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 Vested and exercisable as of December 31, 2022 
 
 The weighted average grant-date fair value of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and per share, respectively. 
 
 The number of options unvested as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was and , respectively. The weighted average grant-date fair value of these unvested options was and per share at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 The total fair value of options vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected dividend yield 
 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate . The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. treasury zero-coupon issues with remaining terms similar to the expected term of the options at the date of grant. 
 
 113 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

in the valuation model. 
 
 Expected Volatility . Expected volatility of the stock is based on the average historical volatility of the Company s peer group after consideration of their size, maturity, profitability, growth, risk, and return on investment as the Company has limited historical volatility. 
 
 Fair Value . Prior to the IPO, the Company s board of directors and in part based upon a valuation provided by a third-party valuation firm, determined the fair value of the Company s common stock in connection with the grant of stock options and stock awards. Due to there being no public market for the Company s common stock, its board of directors considered the third-party valuation and other factors, including but not limited to, secondary sales of the Company s common stock, revenue growth, the current status of its operations, its financial condition, its stage of development, and its competition to establish the fair market value of the Company s common stock at the time of grant of the stock option or stock award. For grants issued subsequent to the Company s IPO, the Company used the closing market price of its stock on the date of grant. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense for stock options issued under the 2012 Plan and the 2021 Plan was approximately million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 Early Exercise of Common Stock Options 
 The Company s board of directors has authorized certain stock option holders to exercise unvested options to purchase shares of Class A common stock. Shares received from such early exercises are subject to repurchase in the event of the optionee s termination of service as a service provider (as defined in the 2012 Plan and the 2021 Plan), at the lower of the fair market value on the date of the repurchase or the original exercise price, until the options are fully vested. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and shares of Class A common stock were subject to repurchase. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the cash proceeds received for unvested shares of Class A common stock and pre-IPO Class B common stock, respectively, presented within Other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets were million and million. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Granted Vested ) Cancelled and forfeited ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested RSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. RSUs granted under the 2021 Plan generally vest quarterly over a period of from the grant date. 
 
 114 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million. The total fair value of RSUs vested during the year ended December 31, 2021 was million. 
 
 Non-Plan Co-Founder and Head of Blend Options 
 In March 2021, the Company s board of directors granted to its Co-Founder and Head of Blend a stand-alone stock option issued outside of the 2012 Plan covering a maximum of shares of Class B common stock with an exercise price of per share. The award has a -year term (subject to earlier termination when shares subject to the award are no longer eligible to vest) and vests upon the satisfaction of a service condition, liquidity event-related performance condition, and performance-based market conditions. 
 
 The terms of the award stipulated that if an IPO is completed within months of the date of grant, the first tranche of shares will vest. The remaining tranches of shares will vest dependent on performance goals tied to the Company s stock price hurdles with specified expiration dates for each tranche. 
 
 On June 30, 2021, the Company s board of directors approved a modification to the Co-Founder and Head of Blend award related to market-based performance targets that impact the Company stock price hurdles. The impact of the modification did not result in stock-based compensation expense as of the modification date as the satisfaction of the IPO performance condition was not probable at that time. 
 
 per share based on the following assumptions: 
 
 Fair value of common stock Expected term (years) Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected dividend yield 
 
 The remaining tranches were valued using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The weighted average estimated fair value of the remaining tranches as of the modification date was per share based on the following assumptions: 
 
 Fair value of common stock Remaining contractual term (years) Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected dividend yield 
 
 In July 2021, the first tranche of shares of the Co-Founder and Head of Blend stock option award vested upon completion of the IPO. 
 
 The total stock-based compensation expense recognized for this award for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. The total unrecognized compensation expense related to the award for all tranches was million as of December 31, 2022, which will be recognized over an estimated weighted average remaining period of years. 
 115 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total 
 
 Included in stock-based compensation expense recognized during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are amounts related to the sale of employee stock on the secondary market to existing investors at a price above fair market value at the time of the sale. The was no stock-based compensation related to the secondary sales during the year ended December 31, 2022. Stock-based compensation related to the secondary sales, which represents the amount paid to purchase shares of the Company s common stock in excess of fair value, was as follows: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 2020 (In thousands) Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total 
 Tender Offer 
 In January 2021, the Company s board of directors approved a third-party tender offer, which allowed for eligible option holders and stockholders to sell shares of capital stock to the Series G investors. The third-party tender offer was completed in March 2021, in which an aggregate of shares of common stock and Convertible Preferred Stock were purchased from participating stockholders and option holders. There was stock-based compensation recognized related to such third-party tender offer as the purchase price was lower than the fair value at the time of the tender offer closing. 
 Employee Note 
 million in order to exercise a stock-based compensation award for shares subject to vesting conditions. The Employee Note had a maturity date of November 19, 2025 and bore an interest rate of per annum. The employee had the right to prepay the Employee Note at any time, without penalty. The Company recorded million as contra-equity in 2018. On June 17, 2021, the Employee Note was repaid in full, inclusive of the principal amount and accrued interest of approximately million, and there were shares of common stock remaining related to this award that were subject to vesting conditions as of December 31, 2022. 
 116 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

14. 
 positions, or of the Company s then-current workforce. In August 2022, the Company committed to an additional workforce reduction plan (the August Plan ), which eliminated approximately positions, or of the Company s then-current workforce. In November 2022, the Company committed to an additional workforce reduction plan (the November Plan ), which eliminated approximately positions across the Company, or of the Company s then-current workforce. 
 The restructuring charges amounted to approximately million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and consisted primarily of cash expenditures for compensation and severance payments, employee benefits, payroll taxes and related facilitation costs. 
 April Plan charge August Plan charge November Plan charge Settlements ) Restructuring liability as of December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022, the million remaining restructuring liability consists primarily of accrued severance costs, which are included in accrued compensation on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 117 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

15. 
 State Foreign Total current Deferred: Federal ) ) State ) ) Foreign Total deferred ) ) Total provision for income taxes ) ) ) ) State taxes, net of federal benefit ) ) Research and other credits ) ) ) Valuation allowance release related to Title365 PPA ) Change in valuation allowance Section 162(m) adjustment Non-deductible transaction costs Stock-based compensation ) ) Goodwill Impairment Noncontrolling interest ) Other ) ) ) Total provision for income taxes ) ) 
 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of loss and credit carryforwards and temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. 
 
 118 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Lease liabilities Research and other credits Accruals and reserves Interest expense limitation Stock-based compensation Fixed assets Capitalized research and development costs Other deferred tax assets Gross deferred tax assets Less: valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Right-of-use assets ) ) Deferred contract costs ) ) ASC 606 adjustments ) ) Other deferred tax liabilities ) ) Amortization ) ) Acquired intangible assets ) ) Gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total net deferred liabilities ) 
 
 Included in the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities are the deferred tax effects associated with the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed from the acquisition of Title365 and acquired tax attributes that carry over to post-acquisition tax periods, including U.S. and state net operating losses and tax credits. 
 
 The Company believes that, based on available evidence, both positive and negative, it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets will not be utilized. In conjunction with its acquisition of Title365, the Company released million valuation allowance during the year ended December 31, 2021, attributed to ASC 805-740-30-3, which upon acquisition allowed the Company to recognize certain deferred tax assets of approximately million which had previously been offset by a valuation allowance. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had a valuation allowance of million. The valuation allowance increase of million during 2022 is primarily attributable to an increase in deferred tax assets resulting from net operating losses in 2022 and capitalized research and development costs, offset by a decrease in deferred tax liabilities resulting from the acquired intangible assets. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating loss NOL carryforwards for federal and state income tax purposes of approximately million and million, respectively, available to reduce future taxable income. The federal net operating losses generated before 2018 will begin to expire in 2032. The federal net operating losses generated in and after 2018 may be carried forward indefinitely. The state NOL carryforwards vary by state and begin to expire in 2025. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had million of federal research credit carryforwards which will begin to expire in 2033 and state research credit carryforwards of million which have no expiration date. 
 
 119 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million of unrecognized tax benefits, none of which, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate. The Company s policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes. Interest and penalties were not significant during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The Company does not expect any material changes to its unrecognized tax benefits within the next twelve months. 
 
 Gross increases tax positions in current periods Gross decreases tax positions in prior periods ) ) Ending balance 
 
 The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. Federal jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions and has identified its Federal, California, Minnesota, and Texas tax returns as significant tax filings. The Company is not currently under examination by income tax authorities in federal or state jurisdictions. However, because the Company has net operating losses and credits carried forward in several jurisdictions, including the Federal, California, and Minnesota jurisdictions, certain items attributable to closed tax years are still subject to adjustment by applicable taxing authorities through an adjustment to tax attributes carried forward to open years. All tax returns will remain open for examination by the federal and most state taxing authorities for three years and four years, respectively, from the date of utilization of any net operating loss carryforwards or research and development credits. 
 
 16. 
 classes of authorized common stock for which voting rights differ by class. The Company computes net loss per share using the two-class method required for multiple classes of common stock. 
 
 Under the two-class method, net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders for the period is allocated between shares of common stock and participating securities based upon their respective rights to receive dividends as if all earnings for the period had been distributed. Prior to the IPO, the Company considered any issued and outstanding Convertible Preferred Stock to be participating securities as the holders of the convertible preferred shares were entitled to dividends in priority to any dividend declared and paid to the holders of common stock. These participating securities did not contractually require the holders of such shares to participate in the Company s losses. As such, net loss for the periods presented was not allocated to the Company s participating securities. 
 
 Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss attributable to each class of stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of stock outstanding during the period, adjusted for options early exercised and subject to repurchase. 
 
 For the calculation of diluted net loss per share, net loss per share attributable to the Company for basic net loss per share is adjusted by the effect of dilutive securities, including awards issued under the Company s equity compensation plans. Diluted net loss per share attributable to the Company is computed by dividing the resulting net loss attributable to the Company by the weighted average number of fully diluted common shares outstanding. 
 
 120 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

) ) ) ) ) Less: accretion of RNCI to redemption value ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to Blend Labs, Inc. common stockholders Denominator: Weighted average common stock outstanding, basic and diluted Net loss per share attributable to Blend Labs, Inc.: Basic and diluted 
 
 Early exercised options subject to repurchase Options exercised via promissory note Non-plan Co-Founder and Head of Blend options Unvested restricted stock units Common stock warrants Convertible Preferred Stock warrants Founders Convertible Preferred Stock Convertible Preferred Stock Total antidilutive securities 
 121 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

17. 
 Title365 Total revenue Segment gross profit: Blend Platform 
 Title365 Total gross profit Operating expenses: Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Amortization of acquired intangible assets Impairment of intangible assets and goodwill Restructuring Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) Other income (expense), net Loss before income taxes ) ) ) 
 
 India Total 
 122 

Blend Labs, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

18. 
 positions across the Company, or approximately of the Company s then-current workforce. 
 On January 10, 2023, the Company s board of directors appointed Amir Jafari as the Company s new Head of Finance and Administration. Mr. Jafari will receive a base salary of per year and will be eligible to receive an annual cash bonus with a target value of , based on achieving performance objectives and subject to his continued employment through the payment date. In addition, Mr. Jafari will receive a signing bonus of that is subject to repayment if Mr. Jafari terminates his employment with the Company within one-year of the payment date. 
 
 In addition, subject to Mr. Jafari s continued employment with the Company, Mr. Jafari will receive equity awards per the following: 
 
 An award of restricted stock units of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, with of the restricted stock units subject to such award vesting after months of continuous service and the balance vesting in equal quarterly installments over the next 36 months of continuous service. 
 
 An award of performance-based restricted stock units of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock (reduced to shares of Class A Common Stock if the Company s stock price is greater than per share as of Mr. Jafari s start date of January 30, 2023), subject to the achievement of performance goals set forth in the Jafari Offer Letter. 
 
 On January 9, 2023, Marc Greenberg notified the Company of his intention to step down as Head of Finance of the Company, and as the Company s principal financial officer under Section 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act, effective following the filing of the 2022 Form 10-K. In connection with Mr. Greenberg s resignation as Head of Finance, the Company entered into a discretionary retention bonus letter with Mr. Greenberg, which provides that the Company will pay Mr. Greenberg a bonus (the Bonus Payment equal to the amount by which the aggregate value of: (i) his base salary, (ii) additional cash bonuses and (iii) value of any Blend equity awards that vest during such period of time, is less than for period between September 1, 2022 through the March 31, 2023, provided Mr. Greenberg remains continuously employed by the Company through March 31, 2023. The Bonus Payment shall be made in cash or fully vested shares of Class A Common Stock of Blend of equivalent value, as determined by the Company s Compensation Committee in its sole discretion. Mr. Greenberg s last day of employment with Blend is expected to be April 1, 2023. Following his departure from Blend without cause, Mr. Greenberg will be eligible to receive the Company s standard severance package, which includes 9 weeks of severance and other benefits in accordance with Company practices. 
 
 On January 9, 2023, Timothy Mayopoulos notified the Company of his intention to step down as President of the Company in the first quarter of 2023. On March 13, 2023, Mr. Mayopoulos resigned as President of the Company, effective immediately, to pursue other professional opportunities. Mr. Mayopoulos will continue serving as a director of the Company. 

123 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Based on such evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Our management, under the oversight of our board of directors, evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Our independent registered accounting firm will not be required to opine on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act until we are no longer an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Other than as described below regarding changes to our internal control over financial reporting to remediate the material weakness identified below, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in management s evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Remediation Efforts on Previously Identified Material Weakness 
 As previously disclosed, in connection with the audit of our consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weakness occurred in connection with our acquisition of Title365, and was related to the accounting for the Company s business combination, including a lack of sufficient precision in the performance of reviews supporting the prospective financial information used in the customer relationship intangible asset valuation and a lack of adequate documentation to provide evidence of operating effectiveness of an associated management review control. 
 
 We continue to focus on designing and implementing effective internal controls over financial reporting that will operate in a manner necessary to satisfy the accounting and financial reporting requirements of a public company. In order to remediate the material weakness, we have taken the following actions: 
 hired additional finance and accounting resources with public company experience; and 
 enhanced our management review control activities to ensure the completeness and accuracy of the inputs to the prospective financial information used in the valuation models. 
 
 124 

Specifically, during the year ended December 31, 2022, in connection with the interim quantitative impairment assessments of Title365 goodwill and acquired intangible assets, we enhanced management review controls over the prospective financial information used in determining the fair values of the Title365 reporting unit and intangible assets. We also maintained adequate documentation to provide evidence of operating effectiveness of these management review controls. Based on the results of our testing, we determined that these review controls, including those that would be necessary to effectively remediate the previously disclosed material weaknesses, were adequately designed and operated effectively during the year ended December 31, 2022. Therefore, it is our assessment that the previously reported material weaknesses have been remediated as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Due to inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 None. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 125 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS 
 The following documents are filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 (a) Financial Statements 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (b) Financial Statement Schedules 
 All financial statement schedules are omitted because the information called for is not required or is shown either in the consolidated financial statements or in the notes thereto. 
 (c) Exhibits 
 The exhibits listed below are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or are incorporated herein by reference, in each case as indicated below. 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 2.1 Stock Purchase Agreement among the registrant, Title365 Holding Co., Xome Holdings LLC and, for the purposes of certain sections of the agreement, Mr. Cooper Group Inc., dated as of March 12, 2021. 
 S-1 333-257223 
 2.1 June 21, 2021 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. 
 10-Q 001-40599 
 3.1 August 24, 2021 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant. 
 10-Q 001-40599 
 3.2 August 24, 2021 4.1 Form of Class A common stock certificate of the Registrant. 
 S-1/A 333-257223 
 4.1 July 6, 2021 4.2 Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement, among the registrant and certain holders of its capital stock, dated as of January 11, 2021. 
 S-1/A 333-257223 
 4.2 July 6, 2021 4.3 Warrant to Purchase Class A Common Stock between the registrant, OR Lending LLC, OR Tech Lending LLC, and OR BL LLC., dated as of July 2, 2021. 
 10-Q 001-40599 
 4.4 August 24, 2021 4.4 Description of Capital Stock. 
 10-K 001-40599 
 4.4 March 31, 2022 10.1+ Form of Indemnification Agreement between the registrant and each of its directors and executive officers. 
 S-1/A 333-257223 
 10.1 July 6, 2021 10.2+ Blend Labs, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan and related form agreements. 
 10-K 001-40599 
 10.2 March 31, 2022 10.3+ Blend Labs, Inc. 2012 Stock Plan and related form agreements. 
 S-1 333-257223 
 10.3 June 21, 2021 10.4+ Executive 2020 Bonus Plan. 
 S-1 333-257223 
 10.4 June 21, 2021 10.5+ Executive Incentive Compensation Plan. 
 S-1 333-257223 
 10.5 June 21, 2021 10.6+ Form of Change in Control Severance Agreement. 
 S-1/A 333-257223 
 10.6 July 6, 2021 10.7+ Outside Director Compensation Policy. 
 
 126 

10.8+ Confirmatory Employment Letter between the registrant and Nima Ghamsari, dated as of July 1, 2021. 
 S-1/A 333-257223 
 10.8 July 6, 2021 10.9+ Confirmatory Employment Letter between the registrant and Timothy J. Mayopoulos, dated as of July 1, 2021. 
 S-1/A 333-257223 
 10.9 July 6, 2021 10.10+ Confirmatory Employment Letter between the registrant and Crystal Sumner, dated as of June 29, 2021. 
 S-1/A 333-257223 
 10.10 July 6, 2021 10.11+ Confirmatory Employment Letter between the registrant and Marc Greenberg, dated as of June 29, 2021. 
 S-1/A 333-257223 
 10.11 July 6, 2021 10.12+ Blend Labs, Inc. Stand-Alone Stock Option Agreement between the registrant and Nima Ghamsari, effective as of March 30, 2021, as amended July 5, 2021. 
 10-Q 001-40599 
 10.12 August 24, 2021 10.13+ Form of Exchange Agreement between the registrant and Nima Ghamsari. 
 S-1/A 333-257223 
 10.15 July 6, 2021 10.14+ Form of Equity Exchange Agreement between the registrant and Nima Ghamsari. 
 S-1/A 333-257223 
 10.16 July 6, 2021 10.15 Credit Agreement between the registrant, the guarantors and lenders from time to time party thereto, and Owl Rock Technology Finance Corp., as administrative agent and collateral agent, dated as of June 30, 2021. 
 S-1/A 333-257223 
 10.18 July 6, 2021 10.16 Office Lease between the registrant and 500 Pine Street Company LLC, dated as of December 1, 2016. 
 S-1 333-257223 
 10.17 June 21, 2021 10.17+ Offer Letter between the registrant and Ciara Burnham, dated as of December 7, 2021. 
 10-K 001-40599 10.17 March 31, 2022 10.18 First Amendment to Credit Agreement between the registrant, the guarantors and lenders from time to time party thereto, and Owl Rock Technology Finance Corp., as administrative agent and collateral agent, dated as of October 18, 2022. 
 10.19+ Offer Letter between the registrant and Erin Lantz, dated as of January 5, 2023. 
 10.20+ Offer Letter between the registrant and Amir Jafari, dated as of January 9, 2023 . 
 10.21+ Discretionary Retention Bonus Letter between the registrant and Marc Greenberg, dated as of January 9, 2023 
 10.22+ Transition Agreement and General Release between the registrant and Crystal Sumner, dated as of February 1 , 2023. 
 21.1 List of subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (included in signature pages hereto). 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 127 

101 The following financial statements from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit), (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

_____________ 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 + Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 that accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10 K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 128 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

BLEND LABS, INC. Date: March 16, 2023 By: /s/ Nima Ghamsari Name: Nima Ghamsari Title: Head of Blend (Principal Executive Officer) 

129 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Nima Ghamsari, Marc Greenberg, and Winnie Ling, and each one of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in their name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with Exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or substitute or substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Nima Ghamsari Chief Executive Officer and Chair March 16, 2023 Nima Ghamsari (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Marc Greenberg Head of Finance March 16, 2023 Marc Greenberg (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Manish Gupta Controller March 16, 2023 Manish Gupta (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Ciara Burnham Director March 16, 2023 Ciara Burnham /s/ Gerald C. Chen Director March 16, 2023 Gerald C. Chen /s/ Erin James Collard Director March 16, 2023 Erin James Collard /s/ Erin Lantz Director March 16, 2023 Erin Lantz /s/ Ann Mather Director March 16, 2023 Ann Mather /s/ Timothy J. Mayopoulos Director March 16, 2023 Timothy J. Mayopoulos 
 130 

<EX-10.7>
 2
 q42022-exhibit107.htm
 EX-10.7

Document 

OUTSIDE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION POLICY 
 Originally adopted and approved June 16, 2021, effective upon the effectiveness of the registration statement relating to the Company s initial public offering (the Effective Date 
 Most recently amended on January 10, 2023, with such amendment effective January 1, 2023 (the Amendment Effective Date 
 
 Blend Labs, Inc. (the Company believes that the granting of compensation to its members of the Board of Directors (the Board, and members of the Board, the Directors represents an effective tool to attract, retain, and reward Directors who are not employees of the Company (the Outside Directors ). This Outside Director Compensation Policy (the Policy is intended to formalize the Company s policy regarding the compensation to its Outside Directors. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Policy will have the meaning given to such terms in the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), or if the Plan is no longer in place, the meaning given to such terms or any similar terms in the equity plan then in place. Each Outside Director will be solely responsible for any tax obligations incurred by such Outside Director as a result of the payments such Outside Director receives under this Policy. 
 
 The original Policy was suspended by the Board on December 31, 2022. This amended Policy will be effective as of the Amendment Effective Date. 
 
 1 COMPENSATION 
 
 Annual Retainer 
 
 Starting on the Amendment Effective Date and subject to Section 7 of the Policy, each Outside Director will be eligible to receive an annual retainer of 300,000 (the Annual Retainer for services performed during the then-current calendar year. There are no per-meeting attendance fees for attending Board meetings. The Annual Retainer will be paid as follows 50 of the Annual Retainer will be paid in the form of cash (the Cash Retainer and 50 of the Annual Retainer will be in the form of Retainer Restricted Stock Units or Retainer RSUs (as described below). The Cash Retainer will be paid in approximately equal monthly installments on the fifteenth (15th) day of each calendar month in the then-current calendar year, subject to the individual continuing to remain an Outside Director on the applicable payment date. 
 
 If an individual first becomes an Outside Director after January 1, 2023, or after January 1 of any calendar year thereafter, such Outside Director will receive a pro-rated portion of the Annual Retainer with such pro-rated amount equal to the Annual Retainer multiplied by a fraction with a numerator equal to the number of calendar months remaining in the calendar year in which the individual first becomes an Outside Director (with the month the individual first becomes an Outside Director counted as a remaining calendar month) and a denominator equal to 12 (such fraction, the Pro-rated Fraction and such retainer, the Pro-rated Annual Retainer ). The Pro-rated Annual Retainer will be subject to the same split between cash and Retainer RSUs as described above and the cash portion of the Pro-rated Annual Retainer will be paid in approximately equal monthly installments on the fifteenth (15th) day of each remaining calendar month in the then-current calendar year (starting in the first calendar month that starts following the date the individual becomes an Outside Director), subject to the individual continuing to remain an Outside Director on the applicable payment date . For purposes of example only, if an individual first becomes an Outside Director on April 15, 2023, the Outside Director will receive a Pro-rated Annual Retainer of 225,000 or ((9 12) 300,000) for such calendar year, with 50 of the Pro-rated Annual Retainer paid in the form of cash (with the first payment made on May 15, 2023) and 50 of the Pro-rated Annual Retainer in the form of Retainer RSUs. 
 
 The Board in its discretion may change and otherwise revise the terms of the compensation granted under this Policy, including, without limitation, the amount of compensation to be paid, on or after the date the Board determines to make any such change or revision. 2 RETAINER RSUS 
 
 Retainer RSUs 

Each Outside Director will receive 50 of his or her Annual Retainer or Pro-rated Annual Retainer, as applicable, in the form of Retainer RSUs. The number of Shares subject to the Retainer RSUs will be equal to the quotient of (i) 50 of the Annual Retainer or Pro-rated Annual Retainer, as applicable, divided by (ii) the average Fair Market Value of one Share for the 30 consecutive Trading Days ending on the last Trading Day of the month immediately prior to the month that includes the Grant Date Stock Value ). Any fractional RSUs will be rounded down to the nearest whole RSU. Retainer RSUs for any calendar year of service as an Outside Director will be granted on the grant dates discussed below. By way of example, if an individual serves as an Outside Director for all of calendar year 2023, such individual will receive an award of Retainer RSUs on the Grant Date as compensation for his or her service as an Outside Director during calendar year 2023. By further way of example, if the Annual Retainer is 300,000, and 50 of the Annual Retainer is converted into Retainer RSUs, and the Stock Value is 2, then the Outside Director would receive 75,000 Retainer RSUs (150,000) 2 Share 75,000 Shares). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an Outside Director first becomes an Outside Director, or ceases to be an Outside Director, after January 31 of a calendar year, the number of Shares subject to the Retainer RSUs will be calculated based on the number of months the Outside Director served as an Outside Director in the applicable calendar year (with the month the individual first becomes an Outside Director or the month in which the individual ceases to be an Outside Director counted as a full calendar month). Retainer RSUs shall be subject to certain terms and conditions as provided for in this Policy. 
 
 Terms of Retainer RSUs 
 
 a. Minimum RSU Value . Notwithstanding the foregoing, and only with respect to an Outside Director receiving an Annual Retainer who has not entered into an Outside Director Letter, if the Stock Value on the Grant Date is less than 1.50, then the Outside Director will receive 10,000 Retainer RSUs for a full calendar year, with the remainder of the Retainer RSU value paid in cash. Further, and only with respect to an Outside Director receiving a Pro-rated Annual Retainer, if the Stock Value on the Grant Date is less than 1.50, then the Outside Directors will receive 10,000 Retainer RSUs multiplied by the Pro-rated Fraction (rounded down to the nearest whole RSU) for the applicable year, with the remainder of the Retainer RSU value paid in cash. Further, and only with respect to an Outside Director who has entered into an Outside Director Letter and the Outside Director Letter Completion Year occurs in the calendar year, if the Stock Value on the Grant Date is less than 1.50, then the Outside Director will receive 10,000 Retainer RSUs prorated as described in Section 7 (rounded down to the nearest whole RSU) for the applicable year, with the remainder of the Retainer RSU value paid in cash. By way of example, if the Stock Value on the Grant Date is 1.30, the Outside Director has not entered into an Outside Director Letter and is receiving the Annual Retainer and the Retainer RSU value is 150,000, then the Outside Director would receive the following for the full calendar year 10,000 Retainer RSUs 13,000 value) and 137,000 in cash in lieu of additional Retainer RSUs (for a total of 287,000 in cash and 13,000 in Retainer RSUs for the full calendar year). By further way of example, if the Stock Value on the Grant Date is 1.30, the Outside Director is receiving a Pro-rated Annual Retainer of 225,000, the Pro-rated Fraction is 9 12 and the Retainer RSU value is 112,500, then the Outside Director would receive the following for the applicable calendar year 7,500 Retainer RSUs 9,750 value) and 102,750 in cash in lieu of additional Retainer RSUs (for a total of 215,250 in cash and 9,750 in Retainer RSUs for the applicable calendar year). By further way of example, for an Outside Director who has entered into an Outside Director Letter and the Outside Director Letter Completion Year occurs in the calendar year, if the Stock Value on the Grant Date is 1.30, the Outside Director is receiving a Cash Retainer of 150,000, there are nine (9) months remaining in the Outside Director Letter Completion Year and the Retainer RSU value is 112,500, then the Outside Director would receive the following for the applicable calendar year 7,500 Retainer RSUs 9,750 value) and 102,750 in cash in lieu of additional Retainer RSUs (for a total of 252,750 in cash and 9,750 in Retainer RSUs for the applicable calendar year). Any cash payment in lieu of Retainer RSUs will be made no later than the 15th of the month following the Grant Date, subject to the individual continuing to remain an Outside Director on the applicable payment date. 
 
 b. Grant Date. For then current Outside Directors, each Retainer RSU will be granted on December 20 of the then-current calendar year for services provided as an Outside Director in the same calendar year provided, however, that if that date is not a Trading Day, the Retainer RSUs will be granted on the previous Trading Day prior to such date. Outside Directors whose service as an Outside Director terminates prior to December 20 but have served as Outside Directors in that same calendar year shall be eligible to receive 

Retainer RSUs on a pro-rated basis under the terms of this Policy, with such Retainer RSUs granted on the 5th calendar day prior to the Outside Director s scheduled termination date provided, however, that if that date is not a Trading Day, the Retainer RSUs will be granted on the previous Trading Day prior to such date. The date an Outside Director is granted a Retainer RSU is referred to herein as the Grant Date . 
 
 c. Vesting Schedule . Retainer RSUs will be fully vested on the Grant Date. 
 
 d. Automatic and Nondiscretionary . All grants of Retainer RSUs pursuant to Section 2 of this Policy will be automatic and nondiscretionary, except as otherwise provided herein, and will be made in accordance with the terms of the Plan, the form of RSU agreement adopted for use thereunder and this Policy. 
 3 TRAVEL EXPENSES 
 Each Outside Director s reasonable, customary, and documented travel expenses to Board meetings will be reimbursed by the Company. 
 4 ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS 
 All provisions of the Plan not inconsistent with this Policy will apply to Awards granted to Outside Directors. 
 5 LIMITATIONS 
 No Outside Director may be issued, in any Fiscal Year, cash payments (including under Section 1 above) or Awards (including Retainer RSUs) with a combined value greater than 800,000. Any Awards or other compensation granted to an individual for his or her services as an Employee, or for his or her services as a Consultant other than an Outside Director, will be excluded for purposes of the limitations under this Section 5. 
 
 6 SECTION 409A 
 In no event will cash compensation or expense reimbursement payments under this Policy be paid after the later of (a) the fifteenth (15th) day of the third (3rd) month following the end of the Company s fiscal year in which the compensation is earned or expenses are incurred, as applicable, or (b) the fifteenth (15th) day of the third (3rd) month following the end of the calendar year in which the compensation is earned or expenses are incurred, as applicable, in compliance with the short-term deferral exception under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the final regulations and guidance thereunder, as may be amended from time to time (together, Section 409A ). It is the intent of this Policy that this Policy and all payments hereunder be exempt from or otherwise comply with the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the compensation to be provided hereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities or ambiguous terms herein will be interpreted to be so exempt or comply. In no event will the Company reimburse an Outside Director for any taxes imposed or other costs incurred as a result of Section 409A. 
 
 7 OUTSIDE DIRECTOR OFFER LETTERS 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, as of the Effective Date, an Outside Director has entered into a letter agreement with the Company that governs his or her compensation as a member of the Board (such letter, an Outside Director Letter ), then starting on the Amendment Effective Date, such Outside Director will be eligible to receive the full Cash Retainer, but will not be eligible to receive the Retainer RSUs under the terms of this Policy until the equity award or other compensation referenced in the Outside Director Letter has fully vested or been earned. For the year in which the Outside Director has earned or otherwise vested in the totality of the compensation set forth in the Outside Director Letter (the Outside Director Letter Completion Year ), then for such calendar year the Outside Director will be entitled to receive a prorated amount of the Retainer RSUs for such calendar year with the number of Shares subject to the Retainer RSUs calculated based on the number of calendar months remaining in the Outside Director Letter Completion Year (with the month in which the equity award or other compensation has fully vested or been earned counted as a remaining calendar month) and on the same terms and conditions as apply to Retainer RSUs as provided for in this Policy. For purposes of example only, if an Outside Director has entered into an Outside Director Letter and the equity award or other compensation referenced in the Outside Director Letter is not fully vested or been earned in 2023, such Outside Director would receive the 150,000 Cash Retainer but no 

portion of the Retainer RSUs. For purposes of further example, if an Outside Director has entered into an Outside Director Letter and the equity award or other compensation referenced in the Outside Director Letter becomes fully vested and earned as of April 15, 2023, such Outside Director would receive the 150,000 Cash Retainer and Retainer RSUs with a value of 112,500 (9 12 of 150,000). 
 
 8 REVISIONS 
 The Board or any Committee designated by the Board may amend, alter, suspend, or terminate this Policy at any time and for any reason. No amendment, alteration, suspension, or termination of this Policy will materially impair the rights of an Outside Director with respect to compensation that already has been paid or awarded, unless otherwise mutually agreed between the Outside Director and the Company. Termination of this Policy will not affect the Board s or the Compensation Committee s ability to exercise the powers granted to it under the Plan with respect to Awards granted under the Plan pursuant to this Policy prior to the date of such termination. 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.18>
 3
 amendment-creditagreemen.htm
 EX-10.18

amendment-creditagreemen 

EXECUTION VERSION US-DOCS\133960080.4 FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT This FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Amendment is entered into as of October 18, 2022, by and among Blend Labs, Inc., as Borrower (in such capacity, the Borrower ), each of the Guarantors party hereto, and Owl Rock Technology Finance Corp. Owl Rock ), as Administrative Agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). W I T N E S S E T H: WHEREAS, the Borrower, the other Guarantors party thereto from time to time, the Administrative Agent, Owl Rock, as Collateral Agent for the Secured Parties, and the Lenders party thereto from time to time entered into that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2021 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified and in effect prior to the date hereof, the Existing Agreement WHEREAS, certain loans or other extensions of credit under the Existing Agreement or other Loan Documents bear or are permitted to bear interest, or incur or are permitted to incur fees, commissions or other amounts, based on the LIBO Rate in accordance with the terms of the Existing Agreement or the other Loan Documents; and WHEREAS, an Alternative Interest Rate Election Event (as defined in the Existing Agreement) has occurred with respect to the LIBO Rate and the applicable parties to the Existing Agreement have determined in accordance therewith and any other applicable Loan Document that the LIBO Rate should be replaced with Term SOFR (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement, as defined herein) on or after the First Amendment Effective Date (as defined herein) pursuant to the Amended Credit Agreement (such replacement, the Interest Rate Replacement ). NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements, provisions and covenants contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: SECTION 1. Defined Terms. Capitalized terms used herein (including in the preamble and recitals above) but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Amended Credit Agreement. SECTION 2. Amendments. Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4 hereof: (a) the Existing Agreement (excluding the schedules, exhibits and signature pages thereto, except as set forth in Section 1(b) below) is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text) and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: double- underlined text) as set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto. (b) each of Exhibit B and Exhibit D to the Existing Agreement are hereby amended and restated in their entirety as set forth in Exhibit B-1 and Exhibit B-2 hereto, respectively The Existing Agreement and Exhibits thereto, as so amended pursuant to the foregoing clauses (a) 

US-DOCS\133960080.4 and (b), are referred to herein as the Amended Credit Agreement . SECTION 3. Notice. To the extent that the Administrative Agent is required (pursuant to any Loan Document or otherwise) to provide notice to the Borrower, any Lender or any other party to the Existing Agreement of an Alternative Interest Rate Election Event (or other analogous or similar event) and the adoption and implementation of Term SOFR or the use and administration thereof, this Amendment shall constitute such notice. SECTION 4. Conditions to the Effectiveness. The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to the following conditions precedent (the first date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied, the First Amendment Effective Date ): (a) Amendment. The Administrative Agent has received this Amendment executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer of the Borrower and each other Credit Party. (b) Representations and Warranties. Each of the representations and warranties made by any Credit Party set forth in Article III of the Amended Credit Agreement or in any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects (except that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the First Amendment Effective Date with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects (except that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct in all respects) as of such earlier date. SECTION 5. Objection from Required Lenders. The Administrative Agent has not received, within five (5) Business Days of notice to the Lenders of the Interest Rate Replacement, written notice of objection to this Amendment from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders in accordance with Section 2.11 of the Existing Agreement. SECTION 6. Expenses. This Agreement is subject to the provisions of Section 9.08(a) of the Amended Credit Agreement relating to expenses, which provisions are by this reference incorporated herein, mutatis mutandis, as if set forth herein in full. SECTION 7. Counterparts; Facsimile Signature. This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single agreement. Except as provided in Section 4, this Amendment shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by facsimile or in electronic (e.g., pdf or tif format shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in this Amendment shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or electronic records, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 

US-DOCS\133960080.4 SECTION 8. Severability. The illegality or unenforceability of any provision of this Amendment or any instrument or agreement required hereunder shall not in any way affect or impair the legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Amendment or any instrument or agreement required hereunder. SECTION 9. Successors; Assigns. The provisions of this Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns; provided, that no Credit Party may assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Amendment without the prior written consent of Agent and each Lender. SECTION 10. Governing Law. This Amendment and any claims, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract or tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the jurisdiction that governs the Existing Agreement in accordance with the terms thereof. SECTION 11. Reaffirmation. Each Credit Party hereto as debtor, grantor, pledgor, guarantor, assignor, or in any other similar capacity in which such Person grants Liens in its property or otherwise acts as accommodation party or guarantor, as the case may be pursuant to the Loan Documents, hereby (i) ratifies and reaffirms all of its payment and performance obligations, contingent or otherwise, under the Existing Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is a party (after giving effect hereto) and (ii) to the extent such Person granted Liens in any of its property pursuant to any Loan Documents as security for or otherwise guaranteed the Obligations under or with respect to the Loan Documents, ratifies and reaffirms such guarantee and grant of Liens and confirms and agrees that such Liens hereafter secure all of the Obligations as amended hereby. Each Credit Party hereto hereby consents to this Amendment and acknowledges that the Existing Agreement and each other Loan Document remains in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and reaffirmed. The execution of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of Agent or the Lenders, constitute a waiver of any provision of the Existing Agreement or any other Loan Document or serve to effect a novation of the obligations except as expressly set forth herein. SECTION 12. Reference to and Effect on the Existing Agreement and the Other Loan Documents. On and after the First Amendment Effective Date, each reference in the Amended Credit Agreement to the Agreement , and the use therein of hereunder , herein or words of like import referring to the Agreement, and each reference in the other Loan Documents to the Existing Agreement and the use therein of thereunder , thereof or words of like import referring to the Existing Agreement, shall, in each case, mean and be a reference to the Existing Agreement as amended by this Amendment. Except as specifically amended by this Amendment, the Existing Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect (with the same priority, as applicable) and are hereby ratified and confirmed, and this Amendment shall not be considered a novation. The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment shall not constitute a waiver of any provision of, or operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Administrative Agent or any Lender or any other party under, the Amended Agreement, any of the other Amended Documents or otherwise. This Amendment shall be deemed to be a Loan Document , Credit Document , Transaction Document , Financing Agreement or Related Document (or other analogous or similar defined term) for purposes of the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. SECTION 13. Transition to SOFR. Notwithstanding anything set forth in the Existing Agreement or the Amended Credit Agreement, but subject to Section 2.06(b) of the Amended Credit Agreement, in lieu of the Borrower delivering a notice or taking any other action proscribed thereby, as of the First Amendment Effective Date (after giving effect to this Amendment and subject to Section 2.06(b) thereof), all Loans outstanding on the First Amendment Effective Date (or such later date subject to Section 

US-DOCS\133960080.4 2.06(b) of the Amended Credit Agreement) shall be Loans bearing interest based upon the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate with an Interest Period of 1 month, in each case, until such time as otherwise provided by the Amended Credit Agreement. [Signature Pages Follow] 

[Signature Page to First Amendment] Each of the undersigned has caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written. BLEND LABS, INC., as Borrower By: ___________________________________ Name: Title: GUARANTORS: BLEND BROKERAGE, INC. By: Name: Marc Greenberg Title: Chief Financial Officer BLEND TITLE INSURANCE AGENCY, INC. By: Name: Marc Greenberg Title: Chief Financial Officer BLEND INSURANCE AGENCY, INC. By: Name: Marc Greenberg Title: Chief Financial Officer BLEND OPERATIONS, INC. By: Name: Marc Greenberg Title: Chief Financial Officer BLEND INSIGHTS, INC. By: Name: Marc Greenberg Title: Chief Financial Officer DocuSign Envelope ID: 99D74B5D-D624-47EA-8FC8-3C97097551A2 Marc Greenberg Chief Financial Officer 

[Signature Page to First Amendment] BLEND TITLE COMPANY INC. By: Name: Marc Greenberg Title: Chief Financial Officer DocuSign Envelope ID: 99D74B5D-D624-47EA-8FC8-3C97097551A2 

[Signature Page to Amendment] ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT: OWL ROCK TECHNOLOGY FINANCE CORP. By: Name: Jon ten Oever Title: Authorized Signatory 

[Signature Page to Amendment] LENDERS: OR TECH LENDING LLC By: Name: Jon ten Oever Title: Authorized Signatory OR LENDING LLC By: Name: Jon ten Oever Title: Authorized Signatory ORO BL LLC By: Owl Rock Opportunistic Master Fund I, L.P. Its Sole Member By: Owl Rock Opportunistic GP, LLC its General Partner By: Name: Jon ten Oever Title: Authorized Signatory 

US-DOCS\133960080.4 EXHIBIT A Amended Credit Agreement See attached. 

EXECUTION COPY Conformed through First Amendment to Credit Agreement Dated October 18, 2022 CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of June 30, 2021 among BLEND LABS, INC., as Borrower, THE GUARANTORS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO, THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO, OWL ROCK TECHNOLOGY FINANCE CORP., as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent OWL ROCK TECHNOLOGY ADVISORS LLC, as Lead Arranger and Bookrunner, and OR TECH LENDING LLC, OR LENDING LLC, and ORO BL LLC, as Co-Syndication Agents. US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS Page ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS Section 1.01 Defined Terms 2 Section 1.02 Classification of Loans and Borrowings 5862 Section 1.03 Terms Generally 5862 Section 1.04 Accounting Terms; GAAP; Tax Laws 5963 Section 1.05 Resolution of Drafting Ambiguities 6165 Section 1.06 Limited Condition Acquisition 6165 Section 1.07 Times of Day 6266 Section 1.08 Deliveries 6266 Section 1.09 Schedules and Exhibits 6266 Section 1.10 Currency Generally 6266 Section 1.11 Basket Amounts and Application of Multiple Relevant Provisions 6366 Section 1.12 Rates 67 ARTICLE II THE CREDITS Section 2.01 Commitments 6368 Section 2.02 Loans 6468 Section 2.03 Borrowing Procedure 6570 Section 2.04 Evidence of Debt; Repayment of Loans 6670 Section 2.05 Fees 6771 Section 2.06 Interest on Loans 6872 Section 2.07 Termination and Reduction of Commitments 6974 Section 2.08 Interest Elections 7074 Section 2.09 Amortization of Term Loans 7176 Section 2.10 Optional and Mandatory Prepayments of Loans 7176 Section 2.11 Alternate Rate of Interest 77Benchmark Replacement 82 Section 2.12 Yield Protection 7883 Section 2.13 Funding Losses 8085 Section 2.14 Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Setoffs 8085 Section 2.15 Taxes 8388 Section 2.16 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 8792 Section 2.17 Swingline Loans 8893 Section 2.18 Letters of Credit 9095 Section 2.19 Defaulting Lenders 98103 Section 2.20 Increase in Commitments 101106 Section 2.21 Extension Amendments 105110 Section 2.22 Refinancing Facilities 108113 Section 2.23 Tax Treatment 109114 i US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES Section 3.01 Organization; Powers 109114 Section 3.02 Authorization; Enforceability 109114 Section 3.03 No Conflicts 109114 Section 3.04 Financial Statements; Projections. 110115 Section 3.05 Properties 111116 Section 3.06 Intellectual Property 111116 Section 3.07 Equity Interests and Restricted Subsidiaries 112117 Section 3.08 Litigation 112117 Section 3.09 Federal Reserve Regulations 113118 Section 3.10 Investment Company Act 113118 Section 3.11 Use of Proceeds 113118 Section 3.12 Taxes 113118 Section 3.13 No Material Misstatements 114119 Section 3.14 Labor Matters 114119 Section 3.15 Solvency 114119 Section 3.16 Employee Benefit Plans 114119 Section 3.17 Environmental Matters 115120 Section 3.18 Security Documents 116121 Section 3.19 Anti-Terrorism Law 116121 Section 3.20 OFAC 117122 Section 3.21 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 117122 Section 3.22 Compliance with Law 117122 Section 3.23 No Defaults 117122 ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS Section 4.01 Conditions to Initial Credit Extension 117122 Section 4.02 Conditions to All Credit Extensions 121126 ARTICLE V AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS Section 5.01 Financial Statements, Reports, etc. 122127 Section 5.02 Litigation and Other Notices 124129 Section 5.03 Existence; Properties 125130 Section 5.04 Insurance 125130 Section 5.05 Taxes 126131 Section 5.06 Employee Benefits 126131 Section 5.07 Maintaining Records; Access to Properties and Inspections 127132 Section 5.08 Use of Proceeds 128133 Section 5.09 Compliance with Environmental Laws; Environmental Reports 128133 Section 5.10 Additional Collateral; Additional Guarantors 128133 Section 5.11 Security Interests; Further Assurances 130135 Section 5.12 Maintenance of Deposit Accounts 131136 Section 5.13 Compliance with Laws 131136 ii US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Section 5.14 Anti-Terrorism Law; Anti-Money Laundering; Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 131136 Section 5.15 Post-Closing Deliveries 132137 ARTICLE VI NEGATIVE COVENANTS Section 6.01 Indebtedness 133138 Section 6.02 Liens 136141 Section 6.03 Investments, Loans and Advances 140145 Section 6.04 Mergers and Consolidations 143148 Section 6.05 Asset Sales 144149 Section 6.06 Dividends 147152 Section 6.07 Transactions with Affiliates 149154 Section 6.08 Financial Covenant 151156 Section 6.09 Prepayments of Certain Indebtedness; Modifications of Organizational Documents and Other Documents, etc. 151156 Section 6.10 No Further Negative Pledge; Subsidiary Distributions 154159 Section 6.11 Nature of Business 154159 Section 6.12 Fiscal Year 155160 ARTICLE VII GUARANTEE Section 7.01 The Guarantee 155160 Section 7.02 Obligations Unconditional 155160 Section 7.03 Reinstatement 157162 Section 7.04 Subrogation; Subordination 157162 Section 7.05 Remedies 158163 Section 7.06 Instrument for the Payment of Money 158163 Section 7.07 Continuing Guarantee 158163 Section 7.08 General Limitation on Guarantee Obligations 158163 Section 7.09 Release of Guarantors 158163 Section 7.10 Right of Contribution 159164 ARTICLE VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT Section 8.01 Events of Default 159164 Section 8.02 Application of Proceeds 162167 ARTICLE IX THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE COLLATERAL AGENT Section 9.01 Appointment and Authority 163168 Section 9.02 Binding Effect 164169 Section 9.03 Use of Discretion 164169 Section 9.04 Delegation of Rights and Duties 165170 Section 9.05 Reliance and Liability 165170 Section 9.06 Administrative Agent Individually 166171 Section 9.07 Lender Credit Decision 166171 iii US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Section 9.08 Expenses, Indemnification 167172 Section 9.09 Resignation of Administrative Agent or Issuing Bank 168173 Section 9.10 Release or Subordination of Collateral or Guarantors 169174 Section 9.11 Additional Secured Parties 171176 Section 9.12 Certain ERISA Matters. 171176 Section 9.13 Erroneous Payments 172177 ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS Section 10.01 Notices 174179 Section 10.02 Waivers; Amendment 178183 Section 10.03 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver 183188 Section 10.04 Successors and Assigns 186191 Section 10.05 Survival of Agreement 191196 Section 10.06 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness 192197 Section 10.07 Severability 192197 Section 10.08 Right of Setoff 192197 Section 10.09 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process 193198 Section 10.10 Waiver of Jury Trial 194199 Section 10.11 Headings 194199 Section 10.12 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality 194199 Section 10.13 USA PATRIOT Act Notice 196201 Section 10.14 Interest Rate Limitation 196201 Section 10.15 Obligations Absolute 196201 Section 10.16 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 197202 Section 10.17 Intercreditor Agreement 197202 Section 10.18 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions 198203 Section 10.19 Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents 198203 Section 10.20 No Other Duties 199204 ARTICLE XI ACQUISITION MATTERS Section 11.01 Consent to the Closing Date Acquisition 199204 Section 11.02 Reference to Closing Date 199204 iv US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

ANNEXES Annex A Commitments SCHEDULES Schedule 3.03 Conflicts Schedule 3.06 Intellectual Property Schedule 3.07 Subsidiaries Schedule 3.08 Litigation Schedule 5.15 Post-Closing Deliveries Schedule 6.01(b) Permitted Surviving Indebtedness Schedule 6.02(c) Existing Liens Schedule 6.03(b) Existing Investments Schedule 6.05 Permitted Dispositions Schedule 6.07 Transactions with Affiliates EXHIBITS Exhibit A Form of Assignment and Assumption Exhibit B Form of Borrowing Request Exhibit C Form of Compliance Certificate Exhibit D Form of Interest Election Request Exhibit E Form of Joinder Agreement Exhibit F Form of LC Request Exhibit G-1 Form of Term Loan Note Exhibit G-2 Form of Revolving Note Exhibit G-3 Form of Swingline Note Exhibit H-1 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate Exhibit H-2 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate Exhibit H-3 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate Exhibit H-4 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate Exhibit I Form of Solvency Certificate Exhibit J Form of Board Observer Letter Exhibit K Form of Warrant v US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

CREDIT AGREEMENT This CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of June 30, 2021, is made among Blend Labs, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), each of the Guarantors (such terms and each other capitalized term used but not defined herein having the meaning given to it in Article I) from time to time party hereto, the Lenders from time to time party hereto and Owl Rock Technology Finance Corp. Owl Rock ), as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns, the Administrative Agent and as collateral agent for the Secured Parties (in such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns, the Collateral Agent ), OR Tech Lending LLC, OR Lending LLC and ORO BL LLC, as Co-Syndication Agents (together with each other Lender that is an Affiliate of Owl Rock that signs this Agreement, each a Co-Syndication Agent , and collectively, the Co-Syndication Agents and Owl Rock Technology Advisors LLC, as Lead Arranger Lead Arranger and Bookrunner Bookrunner ). WITNESSETH: WHEREAS, on the Closing Date, pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2021 (together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in a manner permitted hereunder, the Closing Date Acquisition Agreement ), by and among Borrower, T365 (as defined herein), Xome Holdings LLC and, with respect to certain provisions thereof, Mr. Cooper Group Inc., Borrower intends to consummate the acquisition of 90.1 of the outstanding equity interests of T365 (the Closing Date Acquisition WHEREAS, on the Closing Date, the Borrower has requested that (a) the Term Loan Lenders extend credit in the form of Term Loans in an aggregate principal amount equal to 225,000,000 to (i) fund a portion of the consideration for the Closing Date Acquisition and (ii) pay related fees, costs and expenses and other transaction costs incurred in connection with the Transactions (including without limitation upfront fees and original issue discount) and (b) the Revolving Lenders extend Revolving Loans of a maximum commitment of up to 25,000,000 at any time and from time to time prior to the Revolving Maturity Date, in an aggregate principal amount not in excess of the Total Revolving Commitment (as defined below) (which shall include a Letter of Credit sub-facility of up to 10,000,000, a sub-facility for Swingline Loans of up to 5,000,000 and will provide that no extensions of Revolving Loans will be made on the Closing Date). NOW, THEREFORE, the Lenders are willing to extend such credit to the Borrower and the Issuing Bank is willing to issue letters of credit for the account of the Borrower on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. Accordingly, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following termsSection 1.01 shall have the meanings specified below: ABR when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, is used when such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. ABR Borrowing shall mean a Borrowing comprised of ABR Loans. ABR Loan shall mean any ABR Term Loan or ABR Revolving Loan. ABR Revolving Loan shall mean any Revolving Loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate in accordance with the provisions of Article II. ABR Term Loan shall mean any Term Loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate in accordance with the provisions of Article II. ABR Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Term SOFR . Additional Amount shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.15(a). Additional Guarantor shall mean any Restricted Subsidiary that becomes a Guarantor after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 5.10. Additional Lender shall mean each Eligible Assignee that becomes a Lender. Adjusted LIBO RateTerm SOFR shall mean, with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing for any Interest Period, the greater of (i)(a) an interestfor purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum (rounded upward, if necessary, to the nearest 1/100th of 1.00 equal to the LIBO Rate for such Eurodollar Borrowing in effect for such Interest Period divided by (b) 1 minus the Statutory Reserves (if any) for such Eurodollar Borrowing for such Interest Period and (ii) 1.00 equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the Term SOFR Adjustment; provided that if Adjusted Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. Administrative Agent shall have the meaning given to that term in the preamble hereto, and include each other person appointed as a successor pursuant to Article IX. Administrative Questionnaire shall mean an Administrative Questionnaire in form that may be supplied from time to time by Administrative Agent. 2 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Affiliate shall mean, when used with respect to a specified person, another person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls, is Controlled by or is under common Control with the person specified; provided, however, that neither any Lender nor any Agent (nor any of their Affiliates) shall be deemed to be an Affiliate of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries solely by virtue of its capacity as a Lender or Agent hereunder. Agent-Related Distress Event means, with respect to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Person that directly or indirectly controls the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent (each, a Distressed Agent-Related Person ), a voluntary or involuntary case with respect to such Distressed Agent-Related Person under any Debtor Relief Law is commenced, or a custodian, conservator, receiver or similar official is appointed for such Distressed Agent-Related Person or any substantial part of such Distressed Agent-Related Person s assets, or such Distressed Agent-Related Person makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or is otherwise adjudicated as, or determined by any Governmental Authority having regulatory authority over such Distressed Agent-Related Person to be, insolvent or bankrupt; provided, that an Agent-Related Distress Event shall not be deemed to have occurred solely by virtue of any Distressed Agent-Related Person (other than the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent) owning Equity Interests in the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Person that directly or indirectly controls the Administrative Agent. Agents shall mean the Administrative Agent, the Co-Syndication Agents, the Collateral Agent, Lead Arranger and Bookrunner; and Agent shall mean either of them. Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto. Alternate Base Rate shall mean, for any day, a rate per annum equal (rounded upward, if necessary, to the next highest 1/100 of 1 to the highest of (i) the Base Rate as in effect on such date, (ii) the Federal Funds Rate as in effect on such date plus 1/2 of 1.00 and (iii) theAdjusted Term SOFR for a one-month Adjusted LIBO Ratetenor in effect on such dateday plus 1.00 per annum. The applicable Alternate Base Rate shall at no time be less than 2.00 per annum. Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Base Rate, the Federal Funds Rate or the Adjusted LIBO RateTerm SOFR shall be effective on the effective date of such change in the Base Rate, the Federal Funds Rate or the Adjusted LIBO RateTerm SOFR, as the case may be. Anti-Terrorism Laws shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.19. Applicable Margin shall mean (x) 6.50 per annum for ABR Loans and (y) 7.50 per annum for EurodollarSOFR Loans and the LC Participation Fee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Applicable Margin in respect of any Extended Loan shall be the applicable percentages per annum set forth in the relevant Extension Amendment. Applicable Other Indebtedness shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.10(i). 3 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Applicable Prepayment Premium means, as of the date of any prepayment subject to the Applicable Prepayment Premium, the present value at such date of all remaining interest payments on the principal amount of the Term Loans so prepaid or repaid to, but excluding, the second anniversary of the Closing Date, assuming a date of prepayment or repayment on the second anniversary of the Closing Date, in each case, computed using a discount rate equal to the Treasury Rate plus 0.50 . Applicable Tax Laws shall mean the Code and any other applicable Requirement of Law relating to Taxes, as in effect from time to time. Approved Fund shall mean any Fund that is administered, advised or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity, or an Affiliate of an entity, that administers, advises or manages a Lender. Arrangement Fee Letter shall mean that certain Arrangement Fee Letter, dated March 12, 2021, by and between the Borrower and the Lead Arranger. Article 55 BRRD means Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms. Asset Sale shall mean any conveyance, sale, transfer or other disposition of any property (including Equity Interests of a Group Member) other than as permitted pursuant to Section 6.05 (other than Section 6.05(b) or (q)), and in any event Asset Sales shall exclude Casualty Events of any Group Member. Asset Sale/Casualty Event Threshold shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.10(c)(i). Assignment and Assumption shall mean an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 10.04(b)), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form (including electronic documentation generated by use of an electronic platform) of Exhibit A, or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. Attributable Indebtedness shall mean, when used with respect to any Sale Leaseback Transaction, as at the time of determination, the present value (discounted at a rate equivalent to the Borrower s then-current weighted average cost of funds for borrowed money as at the time of determination, compounded on a semi-annual basis) of the total obligations of the lessee for rental payments during the remaining term of the lease included in any such Sale Leaseback Transaction. Available Tenor shall mean, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such 4 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Benchmark pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.11(d). Bail-In Action shall mean the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers. Bail-In Legislation shall mean: (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 BRRD, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule; and (b) in relation to any state other than such an EEA Member Country or (to the extent that the United Kingdom is not such an EEA Member Country) the United Kingdom, any analogous law or regulation from time to time which requires contractual recognition of any Write-down and Conversion Powers contained in that law or regulation. Bankruptcy Code shall mean the Federal Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978, as heretofore and hereafter amended, and codified as 11 U.S.C. 101 et seq. and the regulations issued thereunder. Base Rate shall mean a rate per annum equal to the rate last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the United States or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Benchmark shall mean, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 2.11(a). Benchmark Replacement shall mean, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, if such Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than the Floor, such Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 5 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment shall mean, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. Benchmark Replacement Date shall mean the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: (a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) have been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative; provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Transition Event shall mean the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: (a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); (b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an 6 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (c) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Transition Start Date shall mean, in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (a) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and (b) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication). Benchmark Unavailability Period shall mean the period (if any) (a) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.11 and (b) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.11 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, which certification shall be substantially similar to the form of Certification Regarding Beneficial Owners of Legal Entity Customers published jointly, in May 2018, by the Loan Syndications and Trading Association and Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association. Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F. R. 1010.230. Benefit Plan means any of (a) an Employee Benefit Plan that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such Employee Benefit Plan or plan . 7 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Board shall mean the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. Board Observer Letter means a board observer rights letter substantially in the form of Exhibit J. Board of Directors shall mean, with respect to any person, (a) in the case of any corporation, the board of directors of such person, (b) in the case of any limited liability company, the board of managers, manager or managing member of such person, (c) in the case of any partnership, the general partner of such person and (d) in any other case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing. Bookrunner shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble. Borrower shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto. Borrowing shall mean (a) Loans of the same Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of EurodollarSOFR Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect, or (b) a Swingline Loan. Borrowing Request shall mean a written request by the Borrower in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03 and substantially in the form of Exhibit B, or such other form (including electronic documentation generated by the use of an electronic platform) as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld). Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banks in New York City are authorized or required by law to close; provided, however, that, when used in connection with a Eurodollar Loan, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for dealings in dollar deposits in the London interbank marketSOFR Loan, or any other calculation or determination involving SOFR, the term Business Day means any such day that is also a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. Capital Assets shall mean, with respect to any person, all equipment, rolling stock, aircraft, fixed assets and Real Property or improvements of such person, or replacements or substitutions therefor or additions thereto, that, in accordance with GAAP, have been or should be reflected as additions to property, plant or equipment on the balance sheet of such person. Capital Expenditures shall mean, for any period, the aggregate of, without duplication, (a) all expenditures (whether paid in cash or accrued as liabilities) by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such period that, in conformity with GAAP, are or are required to be included as additions during such period to property, plant or equipment reflected in the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and (b) Capital Lease Obligations incurred by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such period. Capital Lease Obligations shall mean, at the time any determination thereof is to be made, the amount of the liability in respect of a Capital Lease that would at such time be 8 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

required to be capitalized and reflected as a liability on a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) prepared in accordance with GAAP as in effect on December 31, 2018. Capital Leases shall mean all leases that are required to be, in accordance with GAAP as in effect on December 31, 2018, recorded as capitalized leases; provided that the adoption or issuance of any accounting standards after such date will not cause any lease that was not or would not have been a Capital Lease prior to such adoption or issuance to be deemed a Capital Lease. Cash Equivalents shall mean, as to any person, (a) securities issued, or directly, unconditionally and fully guaranteed or insured, by the United States or any political subdivision, agency or instrumentality thereof (provided that the full faith and credit of the United States is pledged in support thereof) having maturities of not more than one year from the date of acquisition by such person; (b) securities issued, or directly, unconditionally and fully guaranteed or insured, by any state of the United States or any political subdivision of any such state or any public instrumentality thereof (provided that the full faith and credit of such state is pledged in support thereof) having maturities of not more than one year from the date of acquisition by such person; (c) time deposits and certificates of deposit of any Lender or any commercial bank having, or which is the principal banking subsidiary of a bank holding company organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia having, capital and surplus aggregating in excess of 500,000,000 and a rating of A (or such other similar equivalent rating) or higher by at least one nationally recognized statistical rating organization (as defined in Rule 436 under the Securities Act) with maturities of not more than one year from the date of acquisition by such person, and securities with maturities of one year or less from the date of acquisition backed by standby letters of credit issued by any Lender or any commercial bank satisfying the requirements of this clause (c); (d) repurchase obligations for underlying securities of the types described in clauses (a), (b) or (c) above entered into with any bank meeting the qualifications specified in clause (c) above, which repurchase obligations are secured by a valid perfected security interest in the underlying securities; (e) commercial paper issued by any person incorporated in the United States rated at least A-1 or the equivalent thereof by S P or at least P-1 or the equivalent thereof by Moody s, and in each case maturing not more than one year after the date of acquisition by such person; (f) investments in money market funds substantially all of whose assets are comprised of securities of the types described in clauses (a) through (e) above, or that (i) comply with the criteria set forth in SEC Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, (ii) are rated AAA by S P or Aaa by Moody s and (iii) have portfolio assets of at least 500,000,000; and (g) demand deposit accounts maintained in the ordinary course of business. Casualty Event shall mean any involuntary loss of title, any involuntary loss of, damage to or any destruction of, or any condemnation or other taking (including by any Governmental Authority) of, any property of any Group Member. Casualty Event shall include but not be limited to any taking of all or any part of any Real Property of any Person, in or by condemnation or other eminent domain proceedings pursuant to any Requirements of Law, or by reason of the temporary requisition of the use or occupancy of all or any part of any Real Property of any Person or any part thereof by any Governmental Authority, civil or military, or any settlement in lieu thereof. 9 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

CFC shall mean a Foreign Subsidiary that is a controlled foreign corporation within the meaning of Section 957 of the Code. CFC Holding Company shall mean any (a) Subsidiary of the Borrower, substantially all of the assets of which consist of (i) Equity Interests (including any debt instrument treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes) or (ii) Equity Interests (including any debt instrument treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes) and debt instruments, in the case of clauses (a)(i) and (a)(ii), of one or more CFCs and (b) any Subsidiary of the Borrower, substantially all of the assets of which consists of (i) Equity Interests (including any debt instrument treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes) or (ii) Equity Interests (including any debt instrument treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes) and debt instruments, in the case of clauses (b)(i) and (b)(ii), of one or more other Subsidiaries of the type referred to in the immediately preceding clause (a). A Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if: any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and(a) 14(d) of the Exchange Act), in each case other than a Permitted Holder (i) at any time prior to the occurrence of a Qualifying IPO, (x) is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 (other than clause (b) thereof) and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act, except that for purposes of this clause such person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person or group has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time), directly or indirectly, of 50.1 or more of the Voting Stock of the Borrower or (y) has or acquires the power (whether or not exercised) to appoint or remove a majority of the Board of Directors of the Borrower or (ii) at any time after the occurrence of a Qualified IPO, is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 (other than clause (b) thereof) and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act, except that for purposes of this clause such person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person or group has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time), directly or indirectly, of 35.0 or more of the Voting Stock of the Borrower; the sale, lease or transfer, in one or a series of related transactions, of all or(b) substantially all of the assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person other than the Borrower or a Guarantor; or a Change in Control (or equivalent term) as defined in the definitive debt(c) documentation for other Indebtedness (including, without limitation, any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness and any other Convertible Indebtedness) of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries, so long as the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness exceeds 17,500,000. For purposes of this definition, a person acquiring Voting Stock shall not be deemed to have beneficial ownership of such Voting Stock subject to a stock purchase agreement, merger agreement or similar agreement, so long as such agreement contains a condition to the closing of the transactions contemplated thereunder that the Obligations shall be 10 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Paid in Full and the Commitments hereunder terminated prior to (or contemporaneously with) the consummation of such transactions. Change in Law shall mean (a) the adoption of, or taking effect of, any law, treaty, order, rule or regulation after the date hereof, (b) any change in any law, treaty, order, rule or regulation or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the date hereof or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date hereof; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. Class subject to Section 2.21 and Section 2.22, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Revolving Loans, Term Loans or Swingline Loans and, when used in reference to any Commitment, refers to whether such Commitment is a Revolving Commitment, Term Loan Commitment or Swingline Commitment, in each case, under this Agreement as originally in effect or pursuant to Section 2.20. Closing Date shall mean June 30, 2021. Closing Date Acquisition shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals hereto. Closing Date Acquisition Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals hereto. Closing Date Acquisition Documents shall mean the Closing Date Acquisition Agreement and all material documents and agreements related thereto or expressly contemplated thereby (in each case, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in a manner permitted hereunder). Closing Date Fee Letter shall mean that certain Closing Date Fee Letter, dated March 12, 2021, by and among the Borrower and the Commitment Parties. Co-Syndication Agents shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble. Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Collateral shall mean, collectively, all of the Security Agreement Collateral and all other property of whatever kind and nature, whether now owned or hereinafter acquired, subject or purported to be subject from time to time to a Lien under any Security Document and in each case other than Excluded Property. 11 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Collateral Agent shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto, and include each other person appointed as a successor thereto pursuant to Article IX. For purposes of Article IX only, references to the Administrative Agent shall be deemed to also refer to the Collateral Agent unless the context requires otherwise. Commitment shall mean, with respect to any Lender, such Lender s Revolving Commitment, Term Loan Commitment or Swingline Commitment. Commitment Letter means the Commitment Letter, dated March 12, 2021, by and among the Commitment Parties and the Borrower. Commitment Parties shall mean each of Owl Rock and Owl Rock Technology Finance Corp. Commodity Exchange Act shall mean the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. Communications shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.01(d). Company Owned IP shall mean all Intellectual Property Rights owned by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary. Company Proprietary Software shall mean any and all computer programs, including any and all software implementations of algorithms, models and methodologies, whether accessed locally or remotely, whether in source code or object code for which the underlying Intellectual Property Rights are Company Owned IP. Competitor means any person that (x) is not a commercial bank, finance company, insurance company, financial institution or other similar entity, in each case that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of business and (y) is an operating company directly engaged in substantially similar business operations as the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (or is a direct or indirect holding company thereof). Compliance Certificate shall mean a certificate of a Financial Officer substantially in the form of Exhibit C. Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of Adjusted Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of ABR, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period ), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 2.13 and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower, decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and 12 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower, decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). Connection Income Taxes shall mean Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. Consolidated Total Assets shall mean, as of any date, the total property and assets of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, determined in accordance with GAAP, as set forth on the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower most recently delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) as applicable (on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to any Permitted Acquisitions or any Investments or dispositions permitted hereunder or by the other Loan Documents). Consolidated Total Indebtedness shall mean, as of any date of determination, for the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis, the sum of, without duplication, (a) the aggregate principal amount of (x) all funded Indebtedness for borrowed money (including, without limitation, any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness and any other Convertible Indebtedness) and (y) other Indebtedness or other obligations evidenced by notes, (b) all Purchase Money Obligations (other than in respect of Capital Lease Obligations), (c) the principal portion of Capital Lease Obligations, (e) Earn-Outs and other deferred purchase price obligations, in each case, to the extent such obligations become a liability on the balance sheet of the Borrower and/or its Restricted Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP and (e) letters of credit (to the extent of any unreimbursed amounts thereunder) that are not paid when the same become due and payable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the following constitute Consolidated Total Indebtedness : (i) obligations under any derivative transaction or other Hedging Agreement, (ii) undrawn letters of credit, (iii) Earn-Outs and other deferred purchase price obligations, in each case, to the extent such obligations are not treated as a liability on the balance sheet of the Borrower and/or its Restricted Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP and (iv) leases that would be characterized as operating leases in accordance with GAAP as in effect on December 31, 2018. Contingent Obligation shall mean, as to any person, any obligation or agreement of such person guaranteeing or intended to guarantee any Indebtedness, leases, Dividends or other obligations primary obligations of any other person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including any such obligation or agreement of such person, whether or not contingent, (a) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor; (b) to advance or supply funds (i) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (ii) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor; (c) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make 13 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

payment of such primary obligation; (d) with respect to bankers acceptances, letters of credit and similar credit arrangements, until a reimbursement obligation arises (which reimbursement obligation shall constitute Indebtedness); or (e) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the holder of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof; provided, however, that the term Contingent Obligation shall not include endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business or any product warranties or other similar contingent obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business, including indemnities. The amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Contingent Obligation is made (or, if less, the maximum amount of such primary obligation for which such person may be liable, whether singly or jointly, pursuant to the terms of the instrument evidencing such Contingent Obligation) or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof (assuming such person is required to perform thereunder) as determined by such person in good faith. Control shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise, and the terms Controlling and Controlled shall have meanings correlative thereto. Convertible Indebtedness means unsecured Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries permitted to be incurred under this Agreement that is either (a) convertible into common stock of the Borrower (and cash in lieu of fractional shares) and/or cash (in an amount determined by reference to the price of such common stock) or (b) sold as units with call options, warrants or rights to purchase (or substantially equivalent derivative transactions) that are exercisable for common stock of the Borrower and/or cash (in an amount determined by reference to the price of such common stock). Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness shall mean (a) Permitted Pari Passu Refinancing Debt or (b) Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt obtained pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment and/or separate credit documentation to the extent such Indebtedness is to be governed by separate documentation, in each case, issued, incurred or otherwise obtained (including by means of the extension or renewal of existing Indebtedness) in exchange for, or to extend, renew, replace or refinance, in whole or part, existing Term Loans, Incremental Term Loans, or Refinancing Term Loans, Revolving Loans, Incremental Revolving Loans or Refinancing Revolving Loans hereunder (including any successive Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness) Refinanced Debt provided that (i) such extending, renewing or refinancing Indebtedness is in an original aggregate principal amount not greater than (A) the aggregate principal amount of the Refinanced Debt, plus (B) accrued and unpaid interest thereon, any fees, premiums, accrued interest associated therewith, or other reasonable amount paid, and fees, costs and expenses, commissions or underwriting discounts incurred in connection therewith, (ii) the terms applicable to such extending, renewing or refinancing Indebtedness comply with the Required Debt Terms, (iii) such Refinanced Debt (other than unasserted contingent indemnification or reimbursement obligations and letters of credit that have been cash collateralized or backstopped in accordance with the terms thereof) shall be repaid, defeased or satisfied and discharged, and (unless otherwise agreed by all Lenders holding such Refinanced Debt) all accrued interest, fees and premiums (if any) in connection therewith shall be paid 14 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

substantially concurrently with the issuance or incurrence of such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness, (iv) if any Refinanced Debt is unsecured, such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness shall also be unsecured, (v) such Indebtedness is used solely for the substantially concurrent and pro rata replacement or refinancing of the Refinanced Debt and such other amounts set forth in clause (i)(B) above applicable to such Refinanced Debt, (vi) such extending, renewing or refinancing Indebtedness will, to the extent in the form of Refinancing Revolving Loans, Refinancing Revolving Loan Commitments or otherwise refinancing revolving loans and/or revolving commitments, participate in the payment, borrowing, participation and commitment reduction provisions herein on a pro rata basis with any then outstanding Revolving Loans and Revolving Commitments, except that the Borrower shall be permitted to permanently repay and terminate commitments of any such Class on a better than a pro rata basis as compared to any other Class with a later maturity date than such Class. Credit Extension shall mean, as the context may require, (i) the making of a Loan by a Lender or (ii) the issuance of any Letter of Credit, or the amendment, extension or renewal of any existing Letter of Credit, by the Issuing Bank. Credit Parties shall mean the Borrower and the Guarantors; and Credit Party shall mean any one of them. Debt Issuance shall mean the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of any Indebtedness after the Closing Date (other than Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01 (other than Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness which shall, for the avoidance of doubt, constitute a Debt Issuance)). Debtor Relief Law shall mean the Bankruptcy Code (including Title 11 of the United States Code, as now constituted or hereafter amended) and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect. Declined Proceeds shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.10(j). Default shall mean any event, occurrence or condition which is, or upon notice, lapse of time or both would constitute, an Event of Default. Default Rate shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(c). Defaulting Lender shall mean any Lender, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent in a manner consistent with similar determinations by the Administrative Agent in respect of other Lenders, that (a) has failed to fund any portion of its Loans, Incremental Loans or participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans required to be funded by it hereunder or under any commitment to fund an Incremental Loan within two (2) Business Days of the date on which such amount is required to be funded by it hereunder or under any commitment to fund an Incremental Loan unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s reasonable and good 15 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

faith determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender, any Lender and/or the Borrower in writing that it does not intend to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement or has made a public statement to the effect that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations under this Agreement or under other agreements in which it has committed to extend credit (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder or thereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s reasonable and good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within two (2) Business Days after request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm that it will comply with the terms of this Agreement relating to its obligations to fund prospective Loans or Incremental Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans, (d) has otherwise failed to pay over to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within one (1) Business Day of the date when due, unless such payment is the subject of a good faith dispute, or (e) in the case of a Lender that has a Commitment or LC Exposure outstanding at such time, shall have, or shall be the Subsidiary of any person that shall have, (i) taken any action or been the subject of any action or proceeding of a type described in Section 8.01(g) or Section 8.01(h) (or any comparable proceeding initiated by a regulatory authority having jurisdiction over such Lender or such person) or (ii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided that the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may declare (A) by joint notice to the Lenders that a Defaulting Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender , or (B) that a Lender is not a Defaulting Lender, if in the case of both clauses (A) and (B) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower each determines, in its sole respective discretion, that (x) the circumstances that resulted in such Lender becoming a Defaulting Lender no longer apply, or (y) it is satisfied that such Lender will continue to perform its funding or issuance obligations hereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, a Lender shall not be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of (i) the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in such Lender or its parent by a Governmental Authority, unless such ownership interest results in or provides such person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such person (or such governmental authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such person or its parent entity or (ii) such Lender becoming subject to an Undisclosed Administration. Deposit Account shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Security Agreement. Deposit Account Control Agreement shall mean an agreement in writing, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, by and among the Collateral Agent, a Credit Party with a Deposit Account or a Securities Account, as applicable, at any bank and the bank at which such Deposit Account or such Securities Account is at any time maintained which provides that, after activation of control, such bank will comply with instructions originated by the Collateral Agent directing disposition of the funds in the Deposit Account or the Securities Account, as applicable, without further consent by such Credit Party in accordance with the terms of Section 5.12 of this Agreement. 16 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Designated Noncash Consideration shall mean as of any date of determination the fair market value at the time received (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) of any non-cash consideration received by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in connection with an Asset Sale that is designated in writing as Designated Noncash Consideration, less the amount of cash or Cash Equivalents received in connection with a subsequent payment, redemption, retirement, sale or other disposition of such Designated Noncash Consideration. A particular item of Designated Noncash Consideration will no longer be considered to be outstanding when and to the extent it has been paid, redeemed or otherwise retired or sold or otherwise disposed of in compliance with Section 6.05. Disqualified Capital Stock shall mean any Equity Interest which, by its terms (or by the terms of any security or any other Equity Interests into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable) or upon the happening of any event or condition, would (i) mature or be mandatorily redeemable (other than solely for Qualified Capital Stock) pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise (except as a result of a customarily defined change of control or asset sale and only so long as any rights of the holders thereof after such change of control or asset sale shall be subject to the Payment in Full of the Obligations and the termination of the Revolving Commitments), (ii) be redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than solely for Qualified Capital Stock), in whole or in part, (iii) provide for scheduled payments of dividends in cash or (iv) be or become convertible into or exchangeable for Indebtedness or any other Disqualified Capital Stock, in whole or in part, in each case on or prior to the date that is 91 days after the Latest Maturity Date at the time of issuance. Disqualified Institutions shall mean (i) Competitors of the Borrower, T365 and their respective Subsidiaries specified to the Lead Arranger in writing from time to time, (ii) any Persons that are engaged as principals primarily in private equity, mezzanine financing or venture capital and certain banks, financial institutions, other institutional lenders and other entities, in each case, that have been specified to the Lead Arranger in writing on or prior to the date of the Commitment Letter (and, which list may be updated (x) if after the date of the Commitment Letter, but prior to the Closing Date, with the consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) of the Commitment Party or Commitment Parties holding a majority of the aggregate amount of outstanding financing commitments in respect of the Loans on the date of the Commitment Letter and (y) on and after the Closing Date, with the Administrative Agent s consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed)) and (iii) as to any entity referenced in each case of clauses (i) and (ii) above (the Primary Disqualified Institution ), any of such Primary Disqualified Institution s known affiliates or affiliates identified in writing to the Lead Arranger from time to time or otherwise readily identifiable by name, but excluding any affiliate that is primarily engaged in, or that advises funds or other investment vehicles that are engaged in, making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans, bonds and similar extensions of credit or securities in the ordinary course and with respect to which the Primary Disqualified Institution does not, directly or indirectly, possess the power to direct or cause the direction of the investment policies of such entity; provided that any additional designation permitted by the foregoing shall not apply retroactively to any prior assignment to any Lender (or prior participation in the Loans); provided further that the list of Disqualified Institutions shall be made available to any Lender upon written request (it being understood that the identity of Disqualified Institutions will not be 17 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

posted or distributed to any Person, other than a distribution by the Administrative Agent to a Lender upon written request). Dividend shall mean, with respect to any person, that such person has declared or paid a dividend or returned any equity capital to the holders of its Equity Interests or authorized or made any other distribution, payment or delivery of property (other than Qualified Capital Stock of such person) or cash to the holders of its Equity Interests as such, or redeemed, retired, purchased or otherwise acquired, directly or indirectly, for consideration any of its Equity Interests outstanding (or any options or warrants issued by such person with respect to its Equity Interests), or set aside or otherwise reserved, directly or indirectly, any funds for any of the foregoing purposes, or shall have permitted any of its Subsidiaries to purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any of the outstanding Equity Interests of such person (or any options or warrants issued by such person with respect to its Equity Interests). Dollars, dollars or shall mean lawful money of the United States. Domestic Subsidiary shall mean any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia. Earn-Outs shall mean, with respect to a Permitted Acquisition or any other acquisition of any assets or Property by any Group Member permitted hereunder, that portion of the purchase consideration therefor and that portion of all other payments and liabilities (whether payable in cash or by exchange of Equity Interests or of any Property or otherwise), directly or indirectly, payable by any Group Member in exchange for, or as part of, or in connection with, such Permitted Acquisition or such other acquisition, as the case may be, that is deferred for payment to a future time after the consummation of such Permitted Acquisition or such other acquisition, as the case may be, and includes any and all payments representing the purchase price and any assumptions of Indebtedness, Earn-Outs and other agreements to make any payment the amount of which is, or the terms of payment of which are, in any respect subject to or contingent upon the revenues, income, cash flow or profits (or the like) of any person or business. EEA Member Country shall mean any member state of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. Eligible Assignee shall mean (a) if the assignment does not include the assignment of a Revolving Commitment, (i) any Lender, (ii) an Affiliate of any Lender, (iii) an Approved Fund, and (iv) any other person approved by the Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank and the Borrower (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed; it being understood that the Borrower shall have absolute consent rights with regard to any proposed assignment to a Disqualified Institution unless Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), (b), (d) (solely as a result of a breach of Section 6.08), (g), (h) or (m) (solely with respect to the failure to comply with the financial reporting requirements set forth in Section 5.01(a), (b), (c) or (d) is at such time continuing) and (b) if the assignment includes the assignment of a Revolving Commitment, (i) any Revolving Lender, (ii) an affiliate of any Revolving Lender), (iii) an Approved Fund with respect to a Revolving Lender and (iv) any other person approved by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, 18 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

conditioned or delayed; it being understood that the Borrower shall have absolute consent rights with regard to any proposed assignment to a Disqualified Institution); provided that, in the case of the foregoing clauses (a) and (b), (1) no approval of the Borrower (other than with respect to Disqualified Institutions) shall be required during the continuance of an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), (b), (d) (solely with respect to the failure to comply with Section 6.08), (g), (h) or (m) (solely with respect to the failure to comply with the financial reporting requirements set forth in Section 5.01(a), (b), (c) or (d)), (2) to the extent the consent of the Borrower is required for any assignment, such consent shall be deemed to have been given (except with respect to Disqualified Institutions) if the Borrower has not responded within ten (10) Business Days of a written request for such consent, (3) no approval of the Borrower shall be required with respect to assignment of Term Loans to another Lender, an Affiliate of any Lender or an Approved Fund, (4) no approval of the Borrower shall be required with respect to assignment of a Revolving Commitment to another Revolving Lender, an Affiliate of any Revolving Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to a Revolving Lender and (5) notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Eligible Assignee shall not include at any time any Disqualified Institutions (unless consented to in writing by the Borrower in its sole discretion) or any natural person. Eligible Equity Issuance shall mean an issuance and sale of Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower following the Closing Date. Employee Benefit Plan shall mean each employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is maintained or contributed to by, or required to be contributed by, a Group Member or with respect to which a Group Member has any liability (including on account of an ERISA Affiliate). Environment shall mean ambient air, surface water and groundwater (including potable water, navigable water and wetlands) and the land surface. Environmental Claim shall mean any claim, notice, demand, order, action, suit or proceeding relating to any investigation, remediation, removal, cleanup, response, corrective action, penalties or other costs (including damages, natural resources damages, contribution, indemnification, cost recovery, compensation or injunctive relief) resulting from, related to or arising out of (i) the presence, Release or threatened Release of Hazardous Material, (ii) any violation or alleged violation of any Environmental Law, or (iii) any actual or alleged exposure to Hazardous Materials. Environmental Law shall mean all applicable Requirements of Law relating to pollution or protection of the Environment, or to the Release or threatened Release of Hazardous Materials. Environmental Permit shall mean any permit, license, approval, registration, consent or other authorization required by or from a Governmental Authority under Environmental Law. Equity Interest shall mean, with respect to any person, any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents, including membership interests (however designated, whether voting or nonvoting and whether or not represented by a certificate), of 19 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

equity of such person, including warrants, options and other rights to purchase and including, if such person is a limited liability company, membership interests or if such person is a partnership, partnership interests (whether general or limited) and any other interest or participation that confers on a person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of property of, such partnership, whether outstanding on the date hereof or issued after the Closing Date; provided that Equity Interest shall not include at any time (i) Permitted Convertible Indebtedness until such debt securities have been converted pursuant to the terms thereof, (ii) other debt securities that are or by their terms may be convertible or exchangeable into such equity until such debt securities have been converted pursuant to the terms thereof, (iii) Permitted Convertible Indebtedness Call Transactions so long as qualifying as such or (iv) Earn-Outs. Equity Issuance shall mean, without duplication, (a) any issuance or sale by the Borrower of any Equity Interests in the Borrower (including any Equity Interests issued upon the exercise of any warrant or option or equity-based derivative) or any warrants or options or equity-based derivatives to purchase Equity Interests of the Borrower or (b) any contribution to the capital of the Borrower. ERISA shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as the same may be amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. ERISA Affiliate shall mean, with respect to any person, any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with such person, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely for purposes of Section 412 of the Code, Section 414(m) or (o) of the Code. ERISA Event shall mean (a) any reportable event, as defined in Section 4043(c) of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder, with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived by regulation); (b) with respect to a Plan, the failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard of Section 412 or 430 of the Code and Section 302 or 303 of ERISA, whether or not waived; (c) the failure to make by its due date a required installment under Section 430(j) of the Code or Section 303(j) of ERISA with respect to any Plan or the failure to make any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan; (d) the determination that any Plan is, or is expected to be, in at risk status (as defined in Section 430 of the Code or Section 303 of ERISA); (e) the incurrence by any Group Member or any of its ERISA Affiliates of a Lien or any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan; (f) the receipt by any Group Member or any of its ERISA Affiliates from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to the intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan, or the occurrence of any event or condition which would reasonably be expected to constitute grounds under ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Plan; (g) the complete or partial withdrawal (within the meanings of Sections 4203 and 4205 of ERISA) of a Group Member or ERISA Affiliate from any Multiemployer Plan; (h) the receipt by any Group Member or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any notice concerning a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is reasonably expected to be, insolvent (within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA) or in critical or endangered status, under Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA; (i) the withdrawal of any Group 20 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Member or ERISA Affiliate thereof from a Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which such entity was a substantial employer as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (j) the occurrence of non-exempt prohibited transaction (within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA) which would reasonably be expected to result in liability to any Group Member (other than any non-exempt prohibited transaction resulting from any Loan being funded with plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) of one or more Benefit Plans); or (k) a Foreign Benefit Event. Erroneous Payment shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.13(a). Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.13(d). Erroneous Payment Impacted Class shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.13(d). Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.13(d). EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. Eurodollar Borrowing shall mean a Borrowing comprised of Eurodollar Loans. Eurodollar Loan shall mean any Eurodollar Revolving Loan or Eurodollar Term Loan. Eurodollar Revolving Borrowing shall mean a Borrowing comprised of Eurodollar Revolving Loans. Eurodollar Revolving Loan shall mean any Revolving Loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate in accordance with the provisions of Article II. Eurodollar Term Loan shall mean any Term Loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate in accordance with the provisions of Article II. Event of Default shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.01. Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Excluded Account shall mean any Deposit Accounts, Securities Accounts and Commodities Accounts, (a) where the average daily balance during any month is less than 1,500,000 in the aggregate for all such accounts, (b) that is used for payroll, payroll taxes, 21 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

similar withholding, and other employee wage and benefit payments to or for the benefit of any Credit Party s employees, (c) that is used as a cash collateral account securing letter of credit and/or cash management obligations that are permitted under this Agreement, (d) that is used as an escrow account or as a fiduciary or trust account or is a customer account or is otherwise held exclusively for the benefit of an unaffiliated third party or (e) which is a zero balance Deposit Account, Securities Account or Commodity Account. Excluded Affiliate shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.12. Excluded Equity Interests shall mean Equity Interests (a) in excess of 65 of the Voting Stock and one-hundred percent (100 of the non-Voting Stock issued by any first-tier CFC or CFC Holding Company (for the avoidance of doubt, none of the Equity Interests of any direct or indirect subsidiary of any CFC or CFC Holding Company), (b) in a joint venture which cannot be pledged without the consent of third parties, or the pledge of which is prohibited by the terms of, or would create a right of termination of one or more third parties under, any applicable Organizational Documents, joint venture agreement or shareholders agreement after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code or other applicable law, in each case, so long as such prohibition or restriction was not created or entered into in contemplation of the creation or acquisition of such joint venture (or to avoid the security requirements hereof), (c) in any Immaterial Subsidiary, Unrestricted Subsidiary, not-for-profit Subsidiary, captive insurance entity or special purpose entity (including any Receivables Entity), (d) with respect to which the cost, burden or consequence of obtaining a security interest therein exceeds the practical benefit to the Lenders afforded thereby, as mutually and reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, (e) with respect to which a pledge therein is prohibited or restricted by applicable law (including any requirement to obtain the consent of any governmental authority or third party) or impossible or impracticable (as mutually and reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower) to obtain under applicable law, (f) with respect to which a pledge therein would reasonably be expected to result in material adverse tax consequences (including as a result of any law or regulation in any applicable jurisdiction similar to Section 956 of the Code) as reasonably determined by the Borrower in consultation with the Administrative Agent, (g) issued by T365 and owned by the Borrower or any other Credit Party and (h) owned by T365, T365Co or any of their respective direct or indirect Subsidiaries; provided that in each case set forth above, such equity will immediately cease to constitute Excluded Equity Interests when the relevant property ceases to meet this definition and, with respect to any such equity, a security interest under any applicable Security Document shall attach immediately and automatically without further action. Excluded Foreign Subsidiary shall mean any direct or indirect Foreign Subsidiary of the Borrower. Excluded Property shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Security Agreement. Excluded Subsidiary shall mean (a) any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower, (b) any Excluded Foreign Subsidiary, (c) any Immaterial Subsidiary, (d) any Unrestricted Subsidiary, (e) any not-for-profit Subsidiary, (f) any 22 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Excluded U.S. Subsidiary, (g) any captive insurance entity, (h) any special purpose entity, (i) any merger Subsidiary formed in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or other permitted Investment so long as such merger Subsidiary is merged out of existence pursuant to such Permitted Acquisition or other Investment or dissolved within sixty days of its formation thereof or such later date as permitted by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion, (j) any Subsidiary to the extent a Guarantee or other guarantee of the Obligations is prohibited or restricted by any contractual obligation as in existence on the Closing Date or at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary (in each case, not entered into in contemplation hereof and for so long as such prohibition or restriction remains in effect) or by applicable Requirements of Law (including any requirement to obtain Governmental Authority or third party consent, license or authorization unless such consent, license or authorization has been obtained), (k) any Restricted Subsidiary acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition or other Investment that has or guarantees assumed Indebtedness not incurred in contemplation of such Permitted Acquisition or other Investment and any Restricted Subsidiary thereof that guarantees such Indebtedness, in each case, to the extent (but only for so long as) such Indebtedness prohibits such Restricted Subsidiary from becoming a Guarantor, (l) any Subsidiary to the extent the Administrative Agent and the Borrower mutually and reasonably determine the cost or other consequences of providing such a Guarantee is excessive in relation to the value thereof to the Lenders, (m) any Subsidiary to the extent the Borrower (in consultation with the Administrative Agent) reasonably determines that a Guarantee by such Subsidiary would reasonably be expected to result in a materially adverse tax consequence to a Credit Party and (n) notwithstanding anything else contained herein, T365, T365Co and any of their respective direct or indirect Subsidiaries; provided that the Borrower shall not be an Excluded Subsidiary. Excluded Taxes shall mean, with respect to any Recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of any Credit Party under any Loan Document, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by such Recipient s net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of the Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, any U.S. federal withholding Tax to the extent imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which such Lender becomes a party or acquires an interest hereto (or designates a new lending office), except (x) to the extent that such Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, immediately prior to the designation of a new lending office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts or indemnity payments with respect to such withholding Tax pursuant to Section 2.15 or (y) if such Lender is an assignee pursuant to a request by the Borrower under Section 2.16, (c) any withholding Tax that is attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 2.15(e)(i) and (ii), and (d) any withholding Tax imposed under FATCA. Excluded U.S. Subsidiary shall mean (a) any direct or indirect Domestic Subsidiary of an Excluded Foreign Subsidiary or (b) any CFC Holding Company or any direct or indirect Subsidiary of a CFC Holding Company; provided that the Borrower shall not be an Excluded U.S. Subsidiary. Executive Order shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.19. 23 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Existing Lien shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.02(c). Existing Loans shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.21(a). Existing Tranche shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.21(a). Extended Loans shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.21(a). Extended Tranche shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.21(a). Extending Lender shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.21(b). Extension Amendment shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.21(c). Extension Date shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.21(d). Extension Election shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.21(b). Extension Request shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.21(a). FATCA shall mean Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version thereof to the extent such version is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or other official governmental interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to current Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code (or any amended or successor version described above) and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities implementing such Sections of the Code. Federal Funds Rate shall mean, for any day, the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System of the United States, as published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the average (rounded upwards, if necessary to the next 1/100th of 1.00 of the quotations for the day for such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it. Fee Letters shall mean the Closing Date Fee Letter and the Arrangement Fee Letter. 24 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Financial Covenant shall mean, as of any date of determination, the covenant set forth Section 6.08 which are then in effect as of such date. Financial Officer of any person shall mean the chief financial officer, chief executive officer, vice president of finance, treasurer, assistant treasurer, controller, or, in each case, anyone acting in such capacity or any similar capacity. First Amendment Effective Date means October 18, 2022. Fixed Incremental Amount shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Maximum Incremental Facilities Amount . Flood Insurance Laws shall mean, collectively, (i) the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto, (ii) the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto, (iii) the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto and (iv) the Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto. Floor means a rate of interest equal to 1.00 . Foreign Benefit Event shall mean, with respect to any Foreign Pension Plan, (a) the existence of unfunded liabilities in excess of the amount permitted under any applicable law, or in excess of the amount that would be permitted absent a waiver from a Governmental Authority, (b) the failure to make the required contributions or payments, under any applicable law, on or before the due date for such contributions or payments, (c) the receipt of a notice by a Governmental Authority relating to the intention to terminate any such Foreign Pension Plan or to appoint a trustee or similar official to administer any such Foreign Pension Plan, or alleging the insolvency of any such Foreign Pension Plan, (d) the incurrence of any liability by any Group Member under applicable law on account of the complete or partial termination of such Foreign Pension Plan or the complete or partial withdrawal of any participating employer therein, or (e) the occurrence of any transaction that is prohibited under any applicable law and that could reasonably be expected to result in the incurrence of any liability by any Group Member, or the imposition on any Group Member of any fine, excise tax or penalty resulting from any noncompliance with any applicable law. Foreign Casualty Event has the meaning specified in Section 2.10(h). Foreign Disposition has the meaning specified in Section 2.10(h). Foreign Lender shall mean any Recipient that is not a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. Foreign Pension Plan shall mean any defined benefit pension maintained or contributed to by (or required to be contributed to by) any Group Member with respect to employees employed outside the United States. 25 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Foreign Plan shall mean any employee benefit plan, program, policy, arrangement or agreement sponsored, maintained or contributed to by (or required to be contributed to by) any Group Member with respect to employees employed outside the United States. Foreign Subsidiary shall mean a Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia. Fund shall mean any Person that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. GAAP shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, applied on a consistent basis other than as expressly set forth herein. Governmental Authority shall mean the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state, provincial, local or otherwise, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). Group Members shall mean the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; and Group Member shall mean any one of them. Guaranteed Obligations shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.01. Guarantees shall mean the guarantees issued pursuant to Article VII by the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors. Guarantors shall mean each of the Subsidiary Guarantors. Hazardous Materials shall mean the following: toxic or hazardous substances; hazardous wastes; polychlorinated biphenyls PCBs or any substance or compound containing PCBs; friable asbestos or friable asbestos-containing materials; radon or any other radioactive materials including any source, special nuclear or by-product material; petroleum, crude oil or any fraction thereof; and any other pollutant or contaminant subject to regulation under any Environmental Laws due to their dangerous or deleterious properties or characteristics, or which can give rise to liability under any Environmental Laws due to their dangerous or deleterious properties or characteristics. Hedging Agreement shall mean any swap, cap, collar, forward purchase or similar agreements or arrangements dealing with interest rates, currency exchange rates or commodity prices, either generally or under specific contingencies. For the avoidance of doubt, any agreements entered into in connection with a Permitted Convertible Indebtedness Call Transaction will not constitute a Hedging Agreement. 26 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Hedging Obligations shall mean obligations under or with respect to Hedging Agreements. For the avoidance of doubt, any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness Call Transaction will not constitute Hedging Obligations. Historical Financial Statements shall mean (i) audited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income and cash flows of T365 for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2020 (to the extent delivered to the Borrower pursuant to the Closing Date Acquisition Agreement), (ii) unaudited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of operations and cash flows of T365 as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 (to the extent delivered to the Borrower pursuant to the Closing Date Acquisition Agreement), (iii) the audited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower as of and for the years ended December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019, (iv) the unaudited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2020 and (v) the unaudited consolidated balance sheets and related unaudited consolidated statements of operations and cash flows of for each of the Borrower and T365 for each fiscal quarter ended after, in the case of the Borrower, September 30, 2020 and, in the case of T365, December 31, 2020 and at least 45 days prior to the Closing Date (to the extent and in the form, in the case of the reporting of T365, delivered to the Borrower pursuant to the terms of the Acquisition Agreement). Immaterial Subsidiary shall mean any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower that the Borrower designates in writing (including via email) to the Administrative Agent as an Immaterial Subsidiary provided that, as of the date of the last financial statements delivered or required to be delivered on or prior to the date of such designation pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b), (a) the Consolidated Total Assets attributable to all such Subsidiaries shall not be in excess of 5.0 of Consolidated Total Assets as of such date, (b) the LQA Revenue attributable to all such Subsidiaries shall not be in excess of 5.0 of total LQA Revenue of the Group Members on a consolidated basis as of such date, and (c) any such Restricted Subsidiary shall not own or license any Intellectual Property that is material to the business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; provided, further, that in each case, the Borrower may designate and re-designate a Subsidiary as an Immaterial Subsidiary at any time, subject to the limitations and requirements set forth in this definition. If the Consolidated Total Assets or total LQA Revenues of all Restricted Subsidiaries so designated by the Borrower as Immaterial Subsidiaries shall at any time exceed the limits set forth in the preceding sentence, then starting with the largest Restricted Subsidiary (or in such other order as the Borrower may elect in its sole discretion), the number of Restricted Subsidiaries that are at such time designated as Immaterial Subsidiaries shall automatically be deemed to no longer be designated as Immaterial Subsidiaries until the threshold amounts in the preceding sentence are no longer exceeded (as reasonably determined by the Borrower), with any Immaterial Subsidiaries at such time that are below such threshold amounts still being designated as (and remaining as) Immaterial Subsidiaries. Increase Effective Date shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20(a). Incremental Amendment shall mean an amendment to this Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower executed by each of (a) the Borrower, (b) the Administrative Agent and (c) each Incremental Term Loan 27 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Lender and each Incremental Revolving Loan Lender, as applicable, that agrees to provide any portion of the Incremental Facilities being incurred pursuant thereto. Incremental Facilities shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20(a). Incremental Loans shall mean the Incremental Term Loans and the Incremental Revolving Loans. Incremental Revolving Loan shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20(d). Incremental Revolving Loan Commitment shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20(a). Incremental Revolving Loan Lender shall mean a Lender with an Incremental Revolving Loan Commitment or an outstanding Incremental Revolving Loan. Incremental Term Loan Commitment shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20(a). Incremental Term Loan Lender shall mean a Lender with an Incremental Term Loan Commitment or an outstanding Incremental Term Loan. Incremental Term Loans shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20(c)(i). Indebtedness of any person shall mean, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such person for borrowed money or advances; (b) all obligations of such person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments; (c) all obligations of such person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property purchased by such person; (d) all obligations of such person issued or assumed as the deferred purchase price of property or services; (e) all Indebtedness of others (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by any Lien on property owned or acquired by such person, whether or not the obligations secured thereby have been assumed by such person, but limited to, to the extent that such Indebtedness is recourse only to such property (and not to such person), the lower of (x) fair market value of such property as determined by such person in good faith and (y) the amount of Indebtedness secured by such Lien; (f) all Capital Lease Obligations, Purchase Money Obligations and synthetic lease obligations of such person to the extent classified as indebtedness under GAAP (for the avoidance of doubt, lease payments under any operating leases (other than Capital Leases recorded as capitalized leases in accordance with GAAP as in effect on December 31, 2018) shall not constitute Indebtedness); (g) all Hedging Obligations to the extent required to be reflected as a liability on the balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) of such person prepared in accordance with GAAP, (h) all Attributable Indebtedness of such person; (i) all obligations of such person for the reimbursement of any obligor in respect of letters of credit, letters of guaranty, bankers acceptances and similar credit transactions; (j) all obligations of such person, whether or not contingent, in respect of Disqualified Capital Stock of such person, valued at, in 28 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

the case of redeemable preferred capital stock, the greater of the voluntary liquidation preference and the involuntary liquidation preference of such capital stock plus accrued and unpaid dividends; and (k) all Contingent Obligations of such person in respect of Indebtedness or obligations of others of the kinds referred to in clauses (a) through (j) above. The Indebtedness of any person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such person is a general partner) to the extent such person is liable therefor as a result of such person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except (other than in the case of general partner liability) to the extent that terms of such Indebtedness expressly provide that such person is not liable therefor. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else herein to the contrary, Indebtedness shall not include: (a) trade accounts payable, (b) accrued obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business, (c) purchase price adjustments, (d) royalty payments made in the ordinary course of business in respect of licenses (to the extent such licenses are permitted hereby), (e) any accruals for payroll and other non-interest bearing liabilities accrued in the ordinary course of business, including tax accruals, (f) deferred rent obligations, taxes and compensation, (g) customary payables with respect to money orders or wire transfers, (h) customary obligations under employment arrangements, (i) operating leases (including for the avoidance of doubt any lease, concession or license treated as an operating lease under GAAP), (j) obligations in respect of any license, permit or other approval arising in the ordinary course of business, and (k) any obligations attributable to the exercise of appraisal rights and the settlement or resolution of any claims or actions (whether actual, contingent or potential) with respect thereto. For the avoidance of doubt, no Permitted Convertible Indebtedness Call Transaction will constitute Indebtedness. Indemnified Taxes shall mean (a) all Taxes imposed on or with respect to any Loan Document or any payment thereunder other than Excluded Taxes and (b) to the extent not described in (a), Other Taxes. Indemnitee shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.03(b). Information shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.12. Intellectual Property shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Security Agreement. Intellectual Property Rights means any intellectual property rights and other proprietary rights recognized in any jurisdiction in the world associated with (a) patents and patent applications (and any patents that issue as a result of those patent applications), including such rights in invention disclosures, (b) copyrights, copyright registrations and copyright applications, moral rights and mask work rights, including such rights in original works of authorship in any medium of expression, whether or not published, (c) the protection of knowhow, trade and industrial secrets and proprietary and confidential information, (d) other proprietary rights related to Technology, (e) logos, trademarks, trade names, service marks, including such rights in business names, brand names, certification marks, trade dress, slogans, Domain Names, and any other protected indicia of commercial source or origin, and any goodwill associated with the foregoing, (f) analogous rights to those set forth above, (g) divisions, continuations, continuations in part and counterparts claiming priority therefrom, renewals, reissuances, provisionals and extensions of the foregoing (as applicable), and (i) 29 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

claims, causes of action, rights to sue for past, present and future infringement or unconsented use of any of the foregoing. Intercreditor Agreement shall mean any intercreditor agreement executed in connection with any transaction requiring such agreement to be executed pursuant to the terms hereof, or otherwise required to be executed pursuant to the terms hereof, among the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and one or more other Senior Representatives of Indebtedness, or any other party, as the case may be, and acknowledged and agreed to by the Borrower and the Guarantors, in each case, on terms that are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, in each case, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, renewed, replaced, refinanced or otherwise modified from time to time with the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). Interest Election Request shall mean a written request by the Borrower to convert or continue a Revolving Borrowing or Term Loan Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.08(b), substantially in the form of Exhibit D or such other form (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system) as may be approved by the Administrative Agent, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of each Borrower. Interest Payment Date shall mean (a) with respect to any ABR Loan (including Swingline Loans), the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December to occur during any period in which such Loan is outstanding, (b) with respect to any EurodollarSOFR Loan, the last Business Day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a EurodollarSOFR Loan with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months duration after the first day of such Interest Period, (c) with respect to any Revolving Loan or Swingline Loan, the Revolving Maturity Date or such earlier date on which the Revolving Commitments are terminated in accordance with the terms hereof, and (d) with respect to any Term Loan, the Term Loan the Maturity Date. Interest Period shall mean, with respect to any EurodollarSOFR Loan, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, three or six months (or, if agreed to by all relevant Lenders, twelve months or any shorter period) thereafter, as the Borrower may elect; provided that (a) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the nearest preceding Business Day, (b) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period and (c) no Interest Period shall extend beyond (i) in the case of any EurodollarSOFR Revolving Loan, the Revolving Maturity Date and (ii) in the case of any EurodollarSOFR Term Loan, the Term Loan Maturity Date. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. 30 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Issuing Bank shall mean, as the context may require, (a) any bank or financial institution reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as designated in writing by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower and agreed to by such bank or financial institution; (b) any other Lender that may become an Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.18(j) or (k) with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Lender; and/or (c) collectively, all of the foregoing. Any Issuing Bank may, at its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by one or more Affiliates of such Issuing Bank (and each such Affiliate shall be deemed to be an Issuing Bank for all purposes of the Loan Documents). In the event that there is more than one Issuing Bank at any time, references herein and in the other Loan Documents to the Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to the Issuing Bank in respect of the applicable Letter of Credit or to all Issuing Banks, as the context requires. Investments shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.03. Joinder Agreement shall mean a joinder agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit E, with such amendments as may be reasonably and mutually agreed between the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. Junior Secured Indebtedness shall mean senior Indebtedness of the Credit Parties for borrowed money that is secured on a junior basis to the Secured Obligations, subject to an Intercreditor Agreement. Latest Maturity Date as of any date of determination, shall mean the latest maturity or expiration date applicable to any Loan or Commitment hereunder at such time, including the latest maturity or expiration date of any Incremental Term Loan, any Incremental Revolving Loan, any Refinancing Term Loan, any Swingline Loan, LC Extension or an Refinancing Revolving Loan or any Refinancing Loan, in each case, that is governed by the terms of this Agreement. LC Commitment shall mean the commitment of the Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 2.18. LC Disbursement shall mean a payment or disbursement made by the Issuing Bank pursuant to a drawing under a Letter of Credit. LC Exposure shall mean at any time the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time (including, without limitation, any and all Letters of Credit for which documents have been presented that have not been honored or dishonored) plus (b) the aggregate principal amount of all Reimbursement Obligations outstanding at such time. The LC Exposure of any Revolving Lender at any time shall mean its Pro Rata Percentage of the aggregate LC Exposure at such time. LC Extension shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.18(c). LC Obligations shall mean, as at any date of determination, the aggregate amount available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time (including, without limitation, any and all Letters of Credit for which documents have been presented that 31 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

have not been honored or dishonored) plus the aggregate amount of all outstanding Reimbursement Obligations at such time. For purposes of computing the amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.12. The amount of such LC Obligations shall equal the maximum amount that may be payable by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders thereupon or pursuant thereto. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding in the amount so remaining available to be drawn. LC Participation Fee shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(c). LC Request shall mean an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by the Issuing Bank in accordance with the terms of Section 2.18(b) and substantially in the form of Exhibit F. LC Sublimit shall mean 10,000,000. LCA Election shall mean the Borrower s election to test the permissibility of a Limited Condition Acquisition in accordance with the methodology set forth in Section 1.06 by delivering written notice thereof to the Administrative Agent on or after the date that the definitive agreement for such Limited Condition Acquisition is entered into (but prior to the consummation thereof). LCA Test Date shall have the meaning given to that term in Section 1.06. Lead Arranger shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble. Leases shall mean any and all leases, subleases, tenancies, options, concession agreements, rental agreements, occupancy agreements, access agreements and any other agreements (including all amendments, extensions, replacements, renewals, modifications and/or guarantees thereof), whether or not of record and whether now in existence or hereafter entered into, affecting the use or occupancy of all or any portion of any Real Property. Lender shall mean a Lender with a Commitment or an outstanding Loan. Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, the term Lenders shall include an Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender. Letter of Credit shall mean any standby letter of credit issued or to be issued by an Issuing Bank for the account of the Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 2.18. Letter of Credit Expiration Date shall mean the date which is the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the date of issuance of the applicable Letter of Credit or such longer period as may be agreed with the applicable Issuing Bank and (ii) five (5) Business Days prior to the Revolving Maturity Date then in effect (or, if such date is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day), or such later date to the extent such Letter of Credit has been cash 32 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

collateralized in an amount equal to 103 of the LC Exposure or backstopped with another letter of credit for such period after the Revolving Maturity Date in a manner to be mutually and reasonably agreed between the applicable Issuing Bank and the Borrower. LIBO Rate shall mean, with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing for any Interest Period, the rate per annum equal to the London Interbank Offered Rate or a comparable or successor rate, which rate is approved by the Administrative Agent, as published on the applicable Bloomberg screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, for Dollar deposits (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period. In the event that such rate does not appear on such page (or any such successor or substitute page), the LIBO Rate shall be the average rate at which dollar deposits for a maturity comparable to such Interest Period are offered to the Administrative Agent by three major banking institutions in immediately available funds in the London interbank market at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period; provided that to the extent a comparable or successor rate is approved by the Administrative Agent in connection herewith, the approved rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided, further that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such approved rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. If the LIBO Rate shall be less than one percent (1 per annum, such rate shall be deemed to be one percent (1 per annum for purposes of this Agreement. Lien shall mean, with respect to any property, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, encumbrance, claim, charge, assignment for security, hypothecation, security interest or encumbrance of any kind or any arrangement to provide priority or preference, including any easement, right-of-way or other encumbrance on title to owned Real Property, in each of the foregoing cases whether voluntary or imposed by law; (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, Capital Lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such property; provided that in no event shall an operating lease be deemed to be a Lien; and (c) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities. Limited Condition Acquisition shall mean any Permitted Acquisition or other Investment permitted hereunder whose consummation is not conditioned on the availability of, or on obtaining, third party financing and which is not a simultaneous sign and close transaction; provided that, in the event the consummation of any such Permitted Acquisition or other permitted Investment shall not have occurred on or prior to the date that is ninety (90) days following the signing of the applicable acquisition agreement, such Permitted Acquisition or permitted Investment shall no longer constitute a Limited Condition Acquisition for any purpose (unless otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). Liquidity shall mean, as of any date of determination, the sum of (a) the Total Revolving Commitment as of such date less (i) the amount of any Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans, in each case, actually borrowed and outstanding as of such date and (ii) the LC 33 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Exposure as of such date plus (b) the amount of Unrestricted Cash of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of such date. Loan shall mean, as the context may require, a Revolving Loan (including, without limitation, deemed Revolving Loans made under Section 2.18(e)(ii)) or Swingline Loan or Term Loan, and shall include, unless the context shall otherwise require, any Incremental Loans made pursuant to Section 2.20 after the Closing Date. Loan Documents shall mean this Agreement, any amendments hereto, the Letters of Credit, the LC Requests, any Intercreditor Agreement, the Notes (if any), the Security Documents, the Fee Letters (other than for purposes of Section 10.02) and intercreditor agreements and subordination agreements entered into pursuant to the terms hereof that any Credit Party is party to and any other document designated as such by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, in each case as amended, amended and restated, restated, supplemented and/or modified from time to time. LQA Revenue shall mean, as of any date of determination, the product of (a) revenues of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries determined in accordance with GAAP for the fiscal quarter most recently ended for which financial statements have been (or required to be) delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders multiplied by (b) four. Margin Stock shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Regulation U. Material Acquisition shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Permitted Acquisition . Material Adverse Effect shall mean a material adverse effect on (a) the business or financial condition or results of operations of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) the material rights and remedies (taken as a whole) of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or the Lenders under the Loan Documents (other than due to the action or inaction of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the applicable Lenders or any other Secured Party) or (c) the ability of the Borrower and the Guarantors, taken as a whole, to perform their payment obligations under the Loan Documents. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of any representations and warranties in the Loan Documents with respect to the Borrower and any of its Subsidiaries to be made on the Closing Date, Material Adverse Effect shall mean Company Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Closing Date Acquisition Agreement). Material Property shall mean all Real Property owned in fee in the United States by any Credit Party, in each case, with a fair market value of 5,000,000 (or 7,500,000 in the aggregate for all such Real Property) or more, as determined (i) with respect to any Real Property owned by any Credit Party on the Closing Date, as of the Closing Date, and (ii) with respect to any Real Property acquired by a Credit Party after the Closing Date, as of the date of such acquisition; provided that, Material Property shall not include any portion of Real Property owned in fee that contains improvements located in an area identified by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency) as a special flood hazard area . 34 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Maturity Date shall mean (x) with respect to any Loans the maturity date of which has not been extended pursuant to Section 2.21, June 30, 2026, and (y) with respect to any Extended Tranche of Loans, the final maturity date specified in the applicable Extension Election accepted by the respective Lender or Lenders. Maximum Incremental Facilities Amount shall mean (i) an aggregate amount equal to 30,000,000, plus (ii) the amount of any voluntary prepayments of any Loans and any Incremental Facility (in the case of any prepayment of Revolving Loans and/or Incremental Revolving Loans, to the extent accompanied by a corresponding permanent reduction in the relevant commitment) (it being understood that any such voluntary prepayment financed with the proceeds of Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness shall not increase the calculation of the amount under this clause (ii)), plus (iii) payments required by Sections 2.16(b)(B) or 10.02(e)(i), in each case to the extent financed with sources other than the proceeds of long-term Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness) of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries and such Loans are permanently repaid (the Fixed Incremental Amount provided that, at the Borrower s option, capacity under clause (ii) of the Fixed Incremental Amount shall be deemed to be used prior to the capacity under clause (i) of the Fixed Incremental Amount). Maximum Rate shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.14. Minimum Borrowing Amount shall mean in the case of EurodollarSOFR Loans, 250,000; and(a) in the case of ABR Loans that are Term Loans, 250,000; and(b) in the case of ABR Loans that are Revolving Loans, the lesser of 250,000(c) and the Revolving Commitment at such time. Minority Holder shall mean Xome Holdings LLC, in its capacity as the minority shareholder of T365. MNPI shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.01(f)(i). Moody s shall mean Moody s Investors Service Inc. Mortgage shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.10(c)(ii). Multiemployer Plan shall mean a multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) or Section 3(37) of ERISA which is subject to Title IV of ERISA (a) to which any Group Member is then making or accruing an obligation to make contributions or (b) with respect to which any Group Member has any liability (including on account of an ERISA Affiliate). Net Cash Proceeds shall mean: with respect to any Asset Sale (other than any issuance or sale of Equity(a) Interests), the proceeds thereof in the form of cash, cash equivalents (including Cash 35 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Equivalents) and marketable securities (including any such proceeds received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or purchase price adjustment receivable, or by the sale, transfer or other disposition of any non-cash consideration received in connection therewith or otherwise, but only as and when received) received by any Group Member, net of, without duplication, (i) fees and expenses (including brokers fees or commissions, discounts, legal, accounting and other professional and transactional fees, transfer and similar Taxes and the Borrower s good faith estimate of Taxes paid or payable in connection with such sale or with the repatriation of such proceeds (after taking into account any available tax credits or deductions and any payments or payable amounts under tax sharing arrangements permitted under the Loan Documents) (provided that, to the extent and at the time that any such Taxes are no longer required to be paid or payable, such amounts then constitute Net Cash Proceeds)), (ii) amounts required to repay or return customer deposits required to be repaid or returned upon such Asset Sale, (iii) amounts reasonably required to be provided as a reserve, in accordance with GAAP, against (x) any liabilities under any indemnification obligations, earn-out obligations or purchase price adjustments associated with such Asset Sale or (y) any other liabilities retained or payable by any Group Member associated with the Properties sold in such Asset Sale (provided that, to the extent and at the time any such amounts are released from such reserve, such amounts shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds), (iv) the principal amount, premium or penalty, if any, interest and other amounts on any Indebtedness for borrowed money (other than the Loans) that is secured by a Lien on the Properties sold in such Asset Sale (so long as such Lien was permitted to encumber such Properties under the Loan Documents at the time of such sale and was not a pari passu or junior Lien on Collateral) and which is repaid with such proceeds (other than any such Indebtedness assumed by the purchaser of such Properties); with respect to any Casualty Event, the cash insurance proceeds,(b) condemnation awards and other compensation received by, or on behalf of, any Group Member in respect thereof, net of all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the collection of such proceeds, awards or other compensation in respect of such Casualty Event (including, in respect of any such Casualty Event, transfer and similar Taxes and the Borrower s good faith estimate of Taxes paid or payable in connection with such Casualty Event or with the repatriation of such proceeds (after taking into account any available tax credits or deductions and any payments or payable amounts under tax sharing arrangements permitted under the Loan Documents) (provided that, to the extent and at the time that any such Taxes are no longer required to be paid or payable, such amounts shall then constitute Net Cash Proceeds)); with respect to any issuance or sale of Equity Interests by the Borrower or(c) any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, the cash proceeds thereof, net of Taxes (including Taxes payable upon the repatriation of any such proceeds to a Group Member after taking into account any available tax credits or deductions), fees, commissions, costs and other expenses incurred in connection therewith; and with respect to any Debt Issuance by the Borrower or any of its Restricted(d) Subsidiaries, the cash proceeds thereof, net of Taxes (including Taxes payable upon repatriation of the proceeds to a Group Member after taking into account any available tax credits or deductions), fees, commissions, costs and other expenses incurred in connection therewith. 36 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Non-Consenting Lender shall mean any Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver or amendment that (i) requires the approval of all Lenders or all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 10.02 and (ii) has been approved by the Required Lenders (or the Required Revolving Lenders, as applicable) or more than 50 of the affected Lenders, as applicable. Non-Credit Party Target shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Permitted Acquisition . Non-Extending Lender shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.21(e). Not Otherwise Applied shall mean, with reference to any amount of proceeds of any transaction or event, that such amount (a) was not required to be applied to prepay the Loans pursuant to Section 2.10, (b) was not previously applied in determining the permissibility of a transaction under the Loan Documents where such permissibility was contingent on receipt of such amount or utilization of such amount for a specified purpose and (c) was not previously applied to finance, fund or otherwise constitute all or a portion of the purchase price of a Permitted Acquisition . Notes shall mean any notes evidencing the Loans issued pursuant to this Agreement, if any, substantially in the form of Exhibits G-1 through G-3. Obligations shall mean obligations of the Borrower and the other Credit Parties from time to time arising under or in respect of the due and punctual payment of (i) the principal of and premium (including the Applicable Prepayment Premium), if any, and interest (including any interest accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding) on the Loans, when and as due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, upon one or more dates set for prepayment or otherwise, (ii) each payment required to be made by the Borrower and the other Credit Parties under this Agreement in respect of any Letter of Credit, when and as due, including payments in respect of Reimbursement Obligations with respect to Letters of Credit, interest thereon and obligations to provide cash collateral with respect thereto and (iii) all other monetary obligations, including fees, costs, expenses and indemnities, whether primary, secondary, direct, contingent, fixed or otherwise (including fees and other monetary obligations incurred during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding), of the Borrower and the other Credit Parties under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. OFAC shall mean the U.S. Department of the Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control. Organizational Documents shall mean, with respect to any person, (i) in the case of any corporation, the certificate of incorporation and by-laws (or similar documents) of such person, (ii) in the case of any limited liability company, the certificate of formation and operating agreement (or similar documents) of such person, (iii) in the case of any limited partnership, the certificate of limited partnership and limited partnership agreement (or similar 37 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

documents) of such person, (iv) in the case of any general partnership, the partnership agreement (or similar document) of such person and (v) in any other case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing. Other Connection Taxes shall mean, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced by any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). Other Taxes shall mean all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes arising from any payment made hereunder or under any other Loan Document or from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except for any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.16). Owl Rock shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble. Paid in Full , Pay in Full or Payment in Full shall mean, with respect to any Obligations, Secured Obligations or Guaranteed Obligations, as applicable, the payment in full in cash of all such Obligations, Secured Obligations or Guaranteed Obligations, as applicable (other than contingent indemnification obligations or unasserted expense reimbursement obligations. Participant shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.04(d)(i). Participant Register shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.04(d)(iii). Participating Receivables Grantor shall mean any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that is or that becomes a participant or originator in a Permitted Receivables Financing. Patriot Act shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.19. Payment Block means any of the circumstances described in Section 2.10(h). Payment Notice shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.13(b). Payment Recipient shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.13(a). PBGC shall mean the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions. 38 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Term SOFR . Permitted Acquisition shall mean any transaction or series of related transactions by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries for (a) the direct or indirect acquisition of all or substantially all of the property of any Person, or of any assets constituting an entire line of business, business unit, division or product line (including research and development and related assets in respect of any product) of any Person; (b) the acquisition (including by merger or consolidation) of the Equity Interests (other than director qualifying shares) of any Person that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary after giving effect to such transaction; or (c) a merger or consolidation or any other combination with any Person (so long as a Credit Party (including for the avoidance of doubt (except in the case of a merger, consolidation or other combination involving the Borrower) any such Person that becomes a Credit Party upon the consummation of such merger, consolidation or other combination), to the extent such Credit Party is a party to such merger, consolidation or other combination, is the surviving entity); provided that each of the following conditions shall be met or waived by the Required Lenders: no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing(i) immediately before giving pro forma effect to such acquisition and immediately after giving effect to such acquisition (or in the case of a Limited Condition Acquisition, subject to Section 1.06, no Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), (b), (g) or (h) shall have occurred and be continuing immediately before giving pro forma effect to such acquisition and immediately after giving effect to such acquisition); subject to Section 1.06, immediately before and after giving effect(ii) to such transaction on a Pro Forma Basis (assuming that such transaction and all other Permitted Acquisitions consummated since the first day of the relevant Test Period ending on or prior to the date of such transaction had occurred on the first day of such relevant Test Period), the Borrower shall be in compliance with the Financial Covenant; provided that, such Pro Forma Basis calculation shall give effect to the sale of any assets (including the exclusion of any historical performance thereof) to be sold substantially concurrently with such Permitted Acquisition pursuant to Section 6.05(f) but, for the avoidance of doubt, such Pro Forma Basis calculation shall give effect to any cash received by the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with the sale of such assets; immediately after giving effect to such transaction, the Borrower(iii) and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be in compliance with Section 6.11; any such newly created or acquired Restricted Subsidiary or(iv) property shall either (x) to the extent required by Section 5.10 or Section 5.11, as applicable, become a Credit Party and comply with the requirements of Section 5.10 or become part of the Collateral and be subject to the requirements of Section 5.11, or (y) if any such newly created or acquired Restricted Subsidiary does not become a Credit Party and comply with the requirements of Section 5.10 (a Non-Credit Party Target or such assets do not become part of the Collateral , Total Consideration paid in 39 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

connection with such purchase or acquisition and all other such purchases or acquisitions described in this clause (y) shall not exceed 22,500,000 in the aggregate; with respect to any Permitted Acquisition with a total consideration(v) in excess of 20,000,000 (any such Permitted Acquisition, a Material Acquisition ), such acquisition shall not be consummated pursuant to a tender offer that is not supported by the board of directors of the Person to be acquired and the board of directors of any such Person shall not have indicated publicly its opposition to the consummation of such acquisition (which opposition has not been publicly withdrawn); with respect to any Material Acquisition, receipt by Administrative(vi) Agent of drafts of the material acquisition documents at least five (5) days prior to the closing of such acquisition or such shorter period as Administrative Agent may reasonably accept (with executed copies thereof provided to Administrative Agent as soon as available), and with respect to any Permitted Acquisition that is not a Material Acquisition, executed copies of the material acquisition documents promptly following the date that they are made available to the Borrower; with respect to any Material Acquisition, delivery to(vii) Administrative Agent at least five (5) days prior to the closing of such acquisition or such shorter period as Administrative Agent may reasonably accept of, to the extent readily available, (i) a description of the proposed acquisition and if available, material and customary legal and business diligence reports (on a non-reliance basis), (ii) to the extent available, summary historical annual audited and quarterly unaudited financial statements (including a balance sheet, income statement and cash flows statement) of the target for the previous twelve (12) month period, (iii) pro forma forecasted balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, all prepared on a basis consistent with the Borrower s historical financial statements, subject to adjustments to reflect projected consolidated operations following the acquisition, together with appropriate supporting details and a statement of underlying assumptions for the one year period following the date of the proposed acquisition, on a month by month basis, and (iv) a quality of earnings report from a firm of regionally recognized standing or otherwise reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent; provided that, with respect to any Permitted Acquisition that is not a Material Acquisition, to the extent any of the items set forth in (i) (iv) of this clause (vii) are available, the Borrower shall provide (or cause to be provided) such items promptly following the date that they are made available to the Borrower; and with respect to any Material Acquisition, the Borrower shall have(viii) delivered to Administrative Agent, on or prior to the date of the consummation of each Permitted Acquisition, a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent, certifying that all the requirements in clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (v) above have been met or will be satisfied on or prior to the consummation of such acquisition. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the immediately preceding sentence, an acquisition which does not otherwise meet the requirements set forth above in the 40 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

definition of Permitted Acquisition shall constitute a Permitted Acquisition if, and to the extent, the Required Lenders agree in writing, prior to the consummation thereof, that such acquisition shall constitute a Permitted Acquisition for purposes of this Agreement. Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction means any call or capped call option (or substantively equivalent derivative transaction) on the Borrower s common stock purchased by the Borrower in connection with the issuance of any Post-Qualified IPO Unsecured Convertible Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to the terms of Section 6.01(r) after the occurrence of a Qualified IPO; provided that (a) the purchase price for such Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction, less the proceeds received by the Borrower from the sale of any related Permitted Warrant Transaction, does not exceed the net proceeds received by the Borrower from the sale of such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness issued in connection with the Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction, (b) the other terms, conditions and covenants of each such transaction shall be such as are reasonable and customary for transactions of such type (as determined by Borrower in good faith and in its reasonable discretion), and (c) any payments or settlements by a Group Member in respect of such Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction shall only be permitted to the extent permitted under Sections 6.03(v), 6.05(p), 6.06(j) and 6.09(a). Permitted Convertible Indebtedness means Pre-Qualified IPO Unsecured Convertible Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to the terms of Section 6.01(q) and Post-Qualified IPO Unsecured Convertible Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to the terms of Section 6.01(r). Permitted Convertible Indebtedness Call Transaction means any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction and any Permitted Warrant Transaction. Permitted Holders shall mean Nima Ghamsari, Formation8 Partners Fund I, L.P., Lightspeed Venture Partners IX, L.P. and Ossa Investments Pte. Ltd. and their respective controlled investment affiliates or, if an individual, any trust or other controlled structure. Permitted Indian Subsidiary Transaction shall mean (i) the formation under the laws of India of a direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower (the Indian Subsidiary (which, for the avoidance of doubt, such Indian Subsidiary shall be a Restricted Subsidiary but shall not be a Guarantor), (ii) the purchase from Xome Services India Private Limited (or its Affiliates) (the Indian Seller of the portion of Xome Services India Private Limited s business allocable to the Business (as such term is defined in the Closing Date Acquisition Agreement on the Closing Date) (the Indian Business and (iii) the registration and qualification of the Indian Subsidiary to do business under the laws of India; provided that (x) the Permitted Indian Subsidiary Transaction must be consummated on or prior to the nine-month anniversary of the Closing Date; (y) the amount of any Dividend made to the Indian Seller or the value of any Transaction with an Affiliate entered into in connection with the Permitted Indian Subsidiary Transaction shall in no event exceed the purchase price of the Indian Business as set forth in the Closing Date Acquisition Agreement on the Closing Date and (z) the amount of any Investments made in the Indian Subsidiary in connection with the Permitted Indian Subsidiary Transaction shall not exceed the amount sufficient to (I) fund the purchase price of the Indian Business as set forth in the Closing Date Acquisition Agreement on the Closing Date and (II) cover reasonable, documented and customary regulatory and legal fees of the Indian Subsidiary incurred in 41 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

connection with its formation and qualification to do business; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary, the amounts permitted to be paid pursuant to this Permitted Indian Subsidiary Transaction definition will be solely for the purposes explicitly set forth in this definition and not be for the ongoing support, funding of business operations or other requirements of or purposes for the Indian Subsidiary. Permitted Liens shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.02. Permitted Pari Passu Refinancing Debt shall mean any secured Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or any other Credit Party and guarantees with respect thereto by any Credit Party; provided that (i) such Indebtedness is secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis (but without regard to the control of remedies) with the Secured Obligations and is not secured by any property or assets of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries other than the Collateral, (ii) such Indebtedness constitutes Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of Term Loans, Incremental Term Loans, Refinancing Term Loans, Revolving Loans, Revolving Commitments, Incremental Revolving Loans, Incremental Revolving Loan Commitments, Refinancing Revolving Loan Commitments or Refinancing Revolving Loans, and (iii) a Senior Representative validly acting on behalf of the holders of such Indebtedness shall have become party to an Intercreditor Agreement. Permitted Receivables Financing shall mean any of one or more receivables financing programs as amended, supplemented, modified, extended, renewed, restated or refunded from time to time, the obligations of which are non-recourse (except for customary representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities and other customary forms of support, in each case made in connection with such facilities) to the Credit Parties and their Restricted Subsidiaries (other than a Receivables Entity), and the financing terms (including, without limitation, the advance rate), covenants, termination events and other provisions of which are on market and customary terms (as determined in good faith by the Borrowers in its reasonable discretion) but may include Standard Receivables Undertakings, in each case, providing for the sale, conveyance, or contribution to capital of Receivables Facility Assets by Participating Receivables Grantors in the sales of Receivables Facility Assets to either (a) a Person that is not a Group Member or (b) a Receivables Entity that in turn promptly funds such purchase by the direct or indirect sale, transfer, conveyance, pledge, or grant of participation or other interest in such Receivables Facility Assets to a Person that is not a Group Member. Permitted Refinancing shall mean, with respect to any Person, any modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement or extension of any Indebtedness of such Person; provided that (a) the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) thereof does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the Indebtedness so modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended except by an amount equal to unpaid accrued interest and premium thereon plus other reasonable amounts paid, and fees, expenses, commissions, underwriting discounts and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement or extension and by an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder, (b) other than with respect to a Permitted Refinancing of Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(e), such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement or extension has a final maturity date equal to or later than the final maturity date of, and has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or 42 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

greater than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of, the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended, (c) other than with respect to a Permitted Refinancing of Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(d) or (e), at the time thereof, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (d) to the extent such Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations, such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement or extension is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations on terms, taken as a whole, at least as favorable (as reasonably determined by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent) to the Lenders in all material respects as those contained in the documentation governing the subordination of the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended, (e) if any Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended is unsecured, such modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended Indebtedness shall also be unsecured, and if such Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended is secured on a junior basis to the Loans, such modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended Indebtedness shall also be secured on a junior basis to the Loans, (f) neither the Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be an obligor, security provider or guarantor (or otherwise be recourse to) of any such refinancings, replacements, refundings, renewals, replacements or extensions except to the extent that such Person was such an obligor or guarantor in respect of the applicable Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended and (g) if the Indebtedness being refinanced is secured, no Lien relating thereto shall be expanded to cover any additional property of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary. Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt shall mean unsecured Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or any other Credit Party and guarantees with respect thereto by any Credit Party; provided that such Indebtedness constitutes Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of Term Loans, Incremental Term Loans, Refinancing Term Loans, Revolving Loans, Revolving Commitments, Incremental Revolving Loans, Incremental Revolving Loan Commitments, Refinancing Revolving Loan Commitments or Refinancing Revolving Loans. Permitted Warrant Transaction means any call option, warrant or right to purchase (or substantively equivalent derivative transaction) on the Borrower s common stock sold by the Borrower substantially concurrently with any purchase by the Borrower of a related Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction; provided that (x) the terms, conditions and covenants of each such call option transaction are reasonable and customary for agreements of such type, as determined by Borrower in its good faith and reasonable discretion and (y) any underlying Indebtedness or Equity Interests or other security or instrument issued in connection with such option, warrant or right to purchase (or substantively equivalent derivative transaction) would be otherwise separately permitted hereunder at the time of such exercise of such option, warrant or right to purchase (or substantively equivalent derivative transaction). Person or person shall mean any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 43 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Plan shall mean any employee pension benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA) (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 or Section 430 of the Code or Section 302 or Section 303 of ERISA which is maintained or contributed to by (or required to be contributed to by) any Group Member or with respect to which any Group Member has any liability (including on account of an ERISA Affiliate). Platform shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.01(e). Post-Qualified IPO Unsecured Convertible Indebtedness means unsecured Convertible Indebtedness issued following the occurrence of a Qualified IPO; provided that such Indebtedness shall constitute Post-Qualified IPO Unsecured Convertible Indebtedness only if it satisfies the following conditions: (i) such Indebtedness shall not, until 91 days or more after the Latest Maturity Date, (x) require any amortization or other scheduled cash repayment and (y) have any put rights, redemption, repayment or other conditions that cause payment that are not customary mandatory redemption or repayment events for convertible public company Indebtedness (excluding any put rights, redemption, repayment or other conditions that cause payment based on any default or maturity of such debt); (ii) such Indebtedness shall not permit any voluntary prepayments until at least 91 days after the Latest Maturity Date; (iii) such Indebtedness shall have no (x) events of default other than those that are typical for public company convertible Indebtedness, (y) financial covenants (unless such financial covenants are not in addition to those under this Agreement and are set back with at least a 20 cushion relative to such financial covenants under this Agreement or as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) or (z) other restrictive covenants other than covenants customary for convertible public company Indebtedness of such type (unless, in each case, such restrictive covenants are not in addition to those under this Agreement and are set back with at least a 20 cushion relative to such restrictive covenants under this Agreement or as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion); (iv) the maturity date of such Indebtedness shall be at least 91 days after the Latest Maturity Date; and (v) (x) such Indebtedness shall not be guaranteed by any Person other than the Guarantors of the Obligations hereunder and (y) if any additional Person is proposed to become a guarantor under such Indebtedness, such Person shall also become a Guarantor hereunder, provided that if such Person is a Foreign Subsidiary, the Administrative Agent shall have consented, in its reasonable discretion, to the joinder of such Person as a Guarantor hereunder; provided, however, that such Post-Qualified IPO Unsecured Convertible Indebtedness may allow for or permit (1) the making of cash payments in connection with any conversion or exchange of such Post-Qualified IPO Unsecured Convertible Indebtedness in an aggregate amount since the date of the indenture governing such Post-Qualified IPO Unsecured Convertible Indebtedness not to exceed the sum of (x) the principal amount of such Post-Qualified IPO Unsecured Convertible Indebtedness, and (y) aggregate payments received by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to the exercise, settlement, termination or unwind of any related Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction substantially concurrently with, or a commercially reasonable period of time before or after, the settlement date for the exchange or conversion of such relevant Permitted Convertible Indebtedness or (2) the payment of cash in lieu of the issuance of any Qualified Capital Stock in connection with any issuance referred to in clause (1) or (2) of Section 6.09(a)(A), in each case of the foregoing clauses (1) and (2), so long as such cash payments (whether with respect to a 44 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

redemption or conversion or otherwise) are only permitted at least 91 days after the Latest Maturity Date. Pre-Qualified IPO Unsecured Convertible Indebtedness means unsecured Convertible Indebtedness issued prior to the occurrence of a Qualified IPO; provided that such Indebtedness shall constitute Pre-Qualified IPO Unsecured Convertible Indebtedness only if it satisfies the following conditions: (i) cash interest on such Indebtedness shall be no greater than 5.0 per annum, and payment of such interest in cash shall only be permitted if there is no continuing Event of Default at the time of such interest payment, after giving effect thereto (it being understood that payment of interest in kind will be permitted at any time); (ii) such Indebtedness shall contain no put rights, mandatory prepayment or redemption events or other conditions that cause payment (other than in connection with a bankruptcy or similar event) until at least 91 days after the Latest Maturity Date; (ii) such Indebtedness shall not, until 91 days or more after the Latest Maturity Date, permit any voluntary prepayments or require any amortization thereof; (iii) the Borrower shall have used commercially reasonable efforts to secure an allocation of up to 10 of the principal amount of such Indebtedness for the Lead Arranger (or its Affiliates); (iv) such Indebtedness shall have no (x) events of default other than those that are typical for private company convertible Indebtedness, (y) financial covenants (unless such financial covenants are not in addition to those under this Agreement and are set back with at least a 20 cushion relative to such financial covenants under this Agreement or as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) or (z) other restrictive covenants (unless such restrictive covenants are not in addition to those under this Agreement and are set back with at least a 20 cushion relative to such restrictive covenants under this Agreement or as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion); (v) the maturity date of such Indebtedness shall be at least 91 days after the Latest Maturity Date; (vi) (x) such Indebtedness shall not be guaranteed by any Person other than the Guarantors of the Obligations hereunder and (y) if any additional Person is proposed to become a guarantor under such Indebtedness, such Person shall also become a Guarantor hereunder, provided that if such Person is a Foreign Subsidiary, the Administrative Agent shall have consented, in its reasonable discretion, to the joinder of such Person as a Guarantor hereunder; and (vii) at the time of incurrence of such Indebtedness, no Event of Default pursuant to Section 8.01(a), (b), (g) or (h) is continuing. provided, however, that such Pre-Qualified IPO Unsecured Convertible Indebtedness may allow for or permit (1) the making of cash payments in connection with any conversion or exchange of such Post-Qualified IPO Unsecured Convertible Indebtedness in an aggregate amount since the date of the indenture governing such Post-Qualified IPO Unsecured Convertible Indebtedness not to exceed the sum of the principal amount of such Post-Qualified IPO Unsecured Convertible Indebtedness, or (2) the payment of cash in lieu of the issuance of any Qualified Capital Stock in connection with any issuance referred to in clause (1) or (2) of Section 6.09(a)(A), in each case of the foregoing clauses (1) and (2), so long as such cash payments (whether with respect to a redemption or conversion or otherwise) are only permitted at least 91 days after the Latest Maturity Date. Privacy, Data Security and Consumer Protection Laws means all applicable Laws, regulations, and legally binding guidelines concerning the collection, receiving, processing, handling, disposal, privacy, protection, accessing, using, disclosing, electronically transmitting, securing, sharing, transferring and storing of Protected Information. 45 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Private Side Communications shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.01(f). Private Siders shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.01(f). Pro Forma Balance Sheet shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.04(a). Pro Forma Basis shall mean, with respect to the calculation of all financial ratios and tests (including the Total Net Leverage Ratio and the amount of Consolidated Total Assets and LQA Revenue) contained in this Agreement, in each case as of any date, that such calculation shall give pro forma effect to the Transactions and all Subject Transactions (and the application of the proceeds from any such asset sale or debt incurrence) that have occurred during the relevant testing period for which such financial test or ratio is being calculated and/or during the period immediately following such period and prior to or substantially concurrently with the events for which the calculation of any such ratio or test is made (including such event itself), including pro forma adjustments arising out of events which are attributable to the Transactions, the proposed Subject Transaction and/or all other Subject Transactions that have been consummated during the relevant period, in each case as certified on behalf of the Borrower by a Financial Officer of the Borrower, using, for purposes of determining such compliance with a financial test or ratio (including any incurrence test), the historical financial statements of all entities, divisions or lines or assets so acquired or sold and the consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and/or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, calculated as if the Transactions or such Subject Transaction (including the Subject Transaction(s) for which the calculation of any such ratio or test is made and any other substantially concurrent Subject Transaction(s)), and/or all other Subject Transactions that have been consummated during the relevant period, and any Indebtedness repaid in connection therewith, had been consummated and incurred or repaid at the beginning of such period and Consolidated Total Assets shall be calculated after giving effect thereto. Pro Forma Basis calculations shall give effect to the sale of any assets (including the exclusion of any historical performance thereof) to be sold substantially concurrently with the consummation of a Permitted Acquisition pursuant to Section 6.05(f), but, for the avoidance of the doubt, such Pro Forma Basis calculations shall give effect to any cash received by the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with the sale of such assets. If any Indebtedness bears a floating rate of interest and is being given pro forma effect, the interest on such Indebtedness shall be calculated as if the rate in effect on the applicable date of determination for which the calculation is made had been the applicable rate for the entire test period (taking into account any interest hedging arrangements applicable to such Indebtedness). Interest on a Capital Lease Obligation shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by a Financial Officer of the Borrower to be the rate of interest implicit in such Capital Lease Obligation in accordance with GAAP. Interest on Indebtedness that may optionally be determined at an interest rate based upon a factor of a prime or similar rate, a eurocurrency interbank offered rate, or other rate, shall be determined to have been based upon the rate actually chosen, or if none, then based upon such optional rate as the Borrower may designate. 46 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Pro Rata Percentage of any Revolving Lender at any time shall mean the percentage of the Total Revolving Commitment of all Revolving Lenders represented by such Lender s Revolving Commitment; provided that for purposes of Section 2.19(b), Pro Rata Percentage shall mean the percentage of the Total Revolving Commitment (disregarding the Revolving Commitment of any Defaulting Lender to the extent its LC Exposure is reallocated to the non-Defaulting Lenders) represented by such Lender s Revolving Commitment. If the Revolving Commitments have terminated or expired, the Pro Rata Percentage shall be determined based upon the Revolving Commitments most recently in effect, after giving effect to any assignments. Projections shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.13(a). Property or property shall mean any right, title or interest in or to property or assets of any kind whatsoever, whether real, personal or mixed and whether tangible or intangible and including Equity Interests or other ownership interests of any person and whether now in existence or owned or hereafter entered into or acquired, including all Real Property. Protected Information means, any information that: (i) identifies (or in combination with other information may identify), relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or can be reasonably linked, directly or indirectly, to a natural person, including an individual s name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, date of birth, photograph, social security number or tax identification number, credit card number, bank account number, biometric identifiers, persistent identifiers including IP address; as well as medical, health or insurance information; or (ii) is personal information , personal data or similar defined term protected by one or more of the applicable Privacy, Security and Consumer Protection Laws. PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. Public Side Communications shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.01(f). Public Siders shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.01(f). Purchase Money Obligation shall mean, for any Person, the obligations of such Person in respect of Indebtedness (including Capital Lease Obligations) incurred for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price of any fixed or Capital Assets or the cost of installation, construction or improvement of any fixed or Capital Assets and any refinancing thereof; provided, however, that (i) such Indebtedness is incurred no later than 180 days after the acquisition, installation, construction, repair, replacement, exchange or improvement of such fixed or Capital Assets by such Person, (ii) the amount of such Indebtedness (excluding any costs, expenses and fees incurred in connection therewith) does not exceed 100 of the cost of such acquisition, installation, construction or improvement, as the case may be, and (iii) the Liens granted with respect thereto do not at any time encumber any property other than the property financed by such Indebtedness (with respect to Capital Lease Obligations, the Liens granted with respect thereto do not at any time extend to or cover any assets other than the assets subject to such Capital Lease Obligations). 47 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Qualified Capital Stock of any Person shall mean any Equity Interests of such Person that are not Disqualified Capital Stock. Qualified IPO shall mean the issuance by the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower, in each case, of its Qualified Capital Stock in an underwritten primary public offering (other than a public offering pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-8) pursuant to an effective registration statement filed with the SEC in accordance with the Securities Act (whether alone or in connection with a secondary public offering) or any merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, capital stock exchange, stock sale, asset sale or other similar transaction or business combination (or series of related transactions or related business combinations), in each such case, between the Borrower (or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries) and a newly incorporated blank check company (or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries) that is a special purpose acquisition company formed solely for the purpose of effecting such qualifying initial public offering with one or more businesses, which for the avoidance of doubt, is deemed to be a blank check company under the Securities Act. Rate Charges shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.14. Real Property shall mean, collectively, all right, title and interest (including any leasehold, mineral or other estate) in and to any and all parcels of or interests in real property owned, leased or operated by any Person, whether by lease, license or other means, together with, in each case, all easements, hereditaments and appurtenances relating thereto, all improvements and appurtenant fixtures and equipment, all general intangibles and contract rights and other property and rights incidental to the ownership, lease or operation thereof. Receivables Entity shall mean any Person formed solely for the purpose of facilitating or entering into one or more Permitted Receivables Financings (and any other activities substantially related or incidental thereto). Receivables Facility Assets shall mean currently existing and hereafter arising or originated Accounts, Payment Intangibles and Chattel Paper (as each such term is defined in the UCC), and to the extent related to or supporting any Accounts, Chattel Paper or Payment Intangibles, or constituting a receivable, all General Intangibles (as each such term is defined in the UCC) and other forms of obligations and receivables, including the right to payment of any interest, finance charges, late payment fees or other charges with respect thereto (the foregoing, collectively, solely for purposes of this definition being receivables ), all rights as an unpaid vendor (including rights in any goods the sale of which gave rise to any receivables), all security interests or liens and property subject to such security interests or liens from time to time purporting to secure payment of any receivables or other items described in this definition, all guarantees, letters of credit, security agreements, insurance and other agreements or arrangements from time to time supporting or securing payment of any receivables or other items described in this definition, all customer deposits with respect thereto, all rights under any contracts giving rise to or evidencing any receivables or other items described in this definition, and all documents, books, records and information (including computer programs, tapes, disks, data processing software and related property and rights) relating to any receivables or other items described in this definition or to any obligor with respect thereto and any other assets customarily transferred together with receivables in connection with a customary non-recourse accounts 48 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

receivable factoring arrangement and which are sold, conveyed assigned or otherwise transferred or pledge in connection with a customary receivables financing programs, and all proceeds of the foregoing. Receivables Repurchase Obligation shall mean any obligation of a seller (or any guaranty of such obligation) of Receivables Facility Assets under a Permitted Receivables Financing to repurchase Receivables Facility Assets arising as a result of a breach of a representation, warranty or covenant or otherwise, including, without limitation, as a result of a receivable or portion thereof becoming subject to any asserted defense, dispute, offset or counterclaim of any kind as a result of any action taken by, any failure to take action by or any other event relating to the seller. Recipient shall mean any Agent and any Lender, as applicable. Refinanced Debt shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness. Refinanced Series of Convertible Debt shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.09(a). Refinancing Amendment shall mean an amendment to this Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower executed by each of (a) the Borrower, (b) the Administrative Agent and (c) each Lender and Additional Lender that agrees to provide any portion of the Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness being incurred pursuant thereto. Refinancing Convertible Notes shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.09(a). Refinancing Revolving Loan Commitments shall mean one or more Tranches of revolving loan commitments hereunder that result from a Refinancing Amendment. Refinancing Revolving Loans shall mean one or more Tranches of Revolving Loans that result from a Refinancing Amendment. Refinancing Term Commitments shall mean one or more Tranches of Term Loan Commitments hereunder that result from a Refinancing Amendment. Refinancing Term Loans shall mean one or more Tranches of Term Loans that result from a Refinancing Amendment. Register shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.04(c). Regulation D shall mean Regulation D of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. Regulation S-X shall mean Regulation S-X promulgated under the Securities Act. 49 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Regulation T shall mean Regulation T of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. Regulation U shall mean Regulation U of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. Regulation X shall mean Regulation X of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. Reimbursement Obligations shall mean the Borrower s obligations under Section 2.18(e) to reimburse LC Disbursements. Rejection Notice shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.10(j). Related Parties shall mean, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and its successors and assigns and the partners, shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors, attorneys and representatives of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates and its successors and assigns; provided that Related Parties shall not include Excluded Affiliates. Release shall mean any spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping, or disposing of any Hazardous Material into the Environment. Required Debt Terms shall mean in respect of any Indebtedness, the following requirements: (i) such Indebtedness (x) does not have a maturity date or have any mandatory prepayment or redemption features (other than customary asset sale events, insurance and condemnation proceeds events, change of control offers or events of default, AHYDO catch-up payments and excess cash flow and indebtedness sweeps), in each case prior to the date that is 91 days after the then Latest Maturity Date at the time such Indebtedness is incurred and (y) does not have a shorter Weighted Average Life to Maturity than the Term Loans, (ii) such Indebtedness is not guaranteed by any Subsidiaries of the Borrower that are not Guarantors, (iii) if such Indebtedness is secured by the Collateral, a Senior Representative acting on behalf of the holders of such Indebtedness has become party to an Intercreditor Agreement, (iv) to the extent secured, any such Indebtedness is not secured by assets not constituting Collateral, (v) any such Indebtedness that is payment subordinated shall be subject to a subordination agreement on terms that are reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, (vi) solely with respect to Permitted Pari Passu Refinancing Debt and Junior Secured Indebtedness, the terms and conditions of such Indebtedness (excluding pricing, interest rate margins, rate floors, discounts, premiums, fees, and prepayment or redemption terms, customary cushions to the covenants and financial covenants (which shall be applied for Junior Secured Indebtedness), and provisions which shall be determined by the Borrower) are substantially identical to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (when taken as a whole) to the terms and conditions of this Agreement (when taken as a whole), or (when taken as a whole) are less favorable to the Lenders providing such Indebtedness (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) (except for covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the applicable Latest Maturity Date, or that are added 50 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

to this Agreement for the benefit of the Lenders hereunder or that reflect market terms and conditions (taken as a whole) at the time of incurrence or issuance of such Indebtedness (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) (it being understood that to the extent that any financial maintenance covenant is added for the benefit of any such Indebtedness or a materially more restrictive term is provided for the benefit of such Indebtedness, no consent shall be required from the Administrative Agent if such financial covenant or other terms are added to this Agreement) and (vii) other than with respect to Indebtedness incurred pursuant to (A) Section 6.01(s) and (B) to the extent explicitly permitted by the definitions of Pre-Qualified IPO Unsecured Convertible Indebtedness and Post-Qualified IPO Unsecured Convertible Indebtedness, Section 6.01(q) and 6.01(r), shall for purposes of mandatory prepayments not be treated more favorably than the existing Loans; provided, further, that a certificate delivered to the Administrative Agent at least five (5) Business Days prior to the incurrence of such Indebtedness, together with a reasonably detailed description of the material terms and conditions of such Indebtedness or drafts of the documentation relating thereto, stating that the Borrower has determined in good faith that such terms and conditions satisfy the requirements of this definition, shall be conclusive evidence that such terms and conditions satisfy the requirements of this definition unless the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower within such five (5) Business Day period that it disagrees with such determination (including a reasonable description of the basis upon which it disagrees). Required Lenders shall mean Lenders having more than 50 of the sum of all Loans outstanding, LC Exposure and unused Revolving Commitments and Term Loan Commitments; provided that the Loans, LC Exposure and unused Commitments held or deemed held by any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded from both numerator and denominator for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders. Required Revolving Lenders shall mean Lenders having more than 50 of all Revolving Commitments or, after the Revolving Commitments have terminated, more than 50 of all Revolving Exposure; provided that the Revolving Commitments or Revolving Exposure held or deemed held by any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of the Required Revolving Lenders. Requirements of Law shall mean, collectively, all international, foreign, federal, state and local laws (including common law), judgments, decrees, statutes, treaties, rules, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, or other requirements of, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. Resolution Authority means any body which has authority to exercise any Write-down and Conversion Powers. Responsible Officer of any Person shall mean any executive officer (including, without limitation, the president, any vice president, secretary and assistant secretary), any authorized person or Financial Officer of such Person and any other officer or similar official or 51 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

authorized person thereof with responsibility for the administration of the obligations of such Person in respect of this Agreement and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II, any other officer or employee of the applicable Credit Party so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent or any other officer or employee of the applicable Credit Party designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the applicable Credit Party and the Administrative Agent. Restricted Debt Payment shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.09(a). Restricted Subsidiary shall mean each Subsidiary of the Borrower other than any Unrestricted Subsidiary. Revolving Borrowing shall mean a Borrowing comprised of Revolving Loans. Revolving Commitment shall mean, with respect to each Lender, the commitment, if any, of such Lender to make Revolving Loans hereunder up to the amount set forth on Annex A hereto or by an Increase Joinder, or in any Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender assumed its Revolving Commitment, as applicable, as the same may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.07 and (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to Incremental Revolving Loan Commitments or assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 2.16(b), Section 10.02(e) or Section 10.04. Revolving Exposure shall mean, with respect to any Lender at any time, the aggregate principal amount at such time of all outstanding Revolving Loans of such Lender, plus the aggregate amount at such time of such Lender s LC Exposure, plus the aggregate amount at such time of such Lender s Swingline Exposure. Revolving Lender shall mean a Lender with a Revolving Commitment or that holds a Revolving Loan. Revolving Loan shall mean a Loan made by Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(b), including, unless the context shall otherwise require, any Incremental Revolving Loans made pursuant to Section 2.20 after the Closing Date and, to the extent not duplicative, any Swingline Loans. Revolving Maturity Date shall mean (x) with respect to any Revolving Commitments the maturity date of which has not been extended pursuant to Section 2.21, June 30, 2026 and (y) with respect to any Extended Tranche of Revolving Commitments, the final maturity date specified in the applicable Extension Election accepted by the respective Lender or Lenders. S P shall mean Standard Poor s Ratings Service, a division of McGraw Hill Companies, Inc. Sale Leaseback Transaction shall mean any arrangement, directly or indirectly, with any Person whereby the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any property, real or personal, used or useful in its business, whether now 52 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such property (or use such property through the lease of an Affiliate) or other property that it intends to use (other than any such arrangement between Credit Parties or between Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Credit Parties); provided that (a) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would immediately result therefrom and (b) such Sale Leaseback Transaction is consummated within 180 days of the disposition of such property. Sanctions shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.20. SEC shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. Secured Obligations shall mean the Obligations. Secured Parties shall mean, collectively, (i) the Administrative Agent, (ii) the Collateral Agent, (iii) the Lenders and (iv) each other Agent. Securities Account shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Security Agreement. Securities Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Security Agreement shall mean one or more security agreements by and among one or more of the Credit Parties and the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties with respect to Liens granted on the Collateral thereunder as security for the Secured Obligations. Security Agreement Collateral shall mean all property pledged or granted, or purported to be pledged or granted, as collateral pursuant to a Security Agreement, including, without limitation, as required pursuant to Section 5.10 or Section 5.11 and in each case other than Excluded Property. Security Documents shall mean the Security Agreements, the Mortgages (if any) and each other security document or pledge agreement delivered in accordance with applicable local law to grant a valid, perfected security interest in any property as Collateral for the Secured Obligations, and any other document or instrument utilized to pledge or grant or purport to pledge or grant a security interest in or lien on any property as Collateral for the Secured Obligations. Senior Representative shall mean the trustee, sole lender, administrative agent, collateral agent, security agent or similar agent under the indenture or agreement pursuant to which such Indebtedness is issued, incurred or otherwise obtained, as the case may be, and each of their successors in such capacities. SOFR shall mean a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. SOFR Administrator shall mean the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 53 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

SOFR Borrowing shall mean a Borrowing comprised of SOFR Loans. SOFR Loan shall mean a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR, other than pursuant to clause (iii) of the definition of Alternate Base Rate . SOFR Revolving Borrowing shall mean a Borrowing comprised of SOFR Revolving Loans. SOFR Revolving Loan shall mean any Revolving Loan bearing interest at a rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR, other than pursuant to clause (iii) of the definition of Alternate Base Rate, in accordance with the provisions of Article II. SOFR Term Loan shall mean any Term Loan bearing interest at a rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR, other than pursuant to clause (iii) of the definition of Alternate Base Rate, in accordance with the provisions of Article II. Solvent shall mean, (i) the Fair Value of the assets of Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole exceeds their Liabilities, (ii) the Present Fair Salable Value of the assets of Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole exceeds their Liabilities; (iii) Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole do not have Unreasonably Small Capital; and (iv) Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole will be able to pay their Liabilities as they mature. For purposes hereof, (i) Fair Value shall mean the amount at which the assets (both tangible and intangible), in their entirety, of Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole would change hands between a willing buyer and a willing seller, within a commercially reasonable period of time, each having reasonable knowledge of the relevant facts, with neither being under any compulsion to act, (ii) Present Fair Salable Value shall mean the amount that could be obtained by an independent willing seller from an independent willing buyer if the assets of Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole are sold with reasonable promptness in an arm s-length transaction under present conditions for the sale of comparable business enterprises insofar as such conditions can be reasonably evaluated, (iii) Liabilities shall mean the recorded liabilities (including contingent liabilities that would be recorded in accordance with GAAP) of Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, as of the date hereof after giving effect to the consummation of the transactions to occur on the date hereof, determined in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, (iv) Will be able to pay their Liabilities as they mature shall mean for the period from the date hereof through the Maturity Date, Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole will have sufficient assets and cash flow to pay their Liabilities as those liabilities mature or (in the case of contingent Liabilities) otherwise become payable, in light of business conducted or anticipated to be conducted by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as reflected in the projected financial statements and in light of the anticipated credit capacity, and (v) Do not have Unreasonably Small Capital shall mean Borrower and its subsidiaries taken as a whole after consummation of the Transactions is a going concern and has sufficient capital to reasonably ensure that it will continue to be a going concern for the period from the date hereof through the Maturity Date. Specified Acquisition Agreement Representations shall mean such of the representations and warranties made by T365 with respect to T365 and its Subsidiaries in the Closing Date Acquisition Agreement as are material to the interests of the Commitment Parties, 54 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

but only to the extent that the Borrower (or its Affiliates party thereto) have the right (determined without regard to any notice requirement but taking into account any applicable grace periods or cure provisions) to terminate its (or their respective) obligations under Section 10.01(b) of the Closing Date Acquisition Agreement, or the right to decline to consummate the Closing Date Acquisition in accordance with Section 7.02(b) of the Closing Date Acquisition Agreement, in each case, as a result of a failure of such representations and warranties in the Closing Date Acquisition Agreement to be true and correct. Specified Existing Tranche shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.21(a). Specified Representations shall mean the representations made by the Borrower and the Guarantors (including with respect to the Restricted Subsidiaries, as applicable, other than any Foreign Subsidiaries, after giving effect to the Closing Date Acquisition) on the Closing Date with respect to Section 3.01(a) and (as it applies to the Loan Documents) (b), Section 3.02 (in each case, related to the entering into and performance of the Loan Documents by the Borrower and the Guarantors), Section 3.03(b), Section 3.09, Section 3.10, Section 3.15, Section 3.19, and to the extent it applies to the use of proceeds of the Loans, Section 3.20 and Section 3.21. Standard Receivables Undertakings shall mean representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities entered into by any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary which the Borrowers have determined in good faith to be customary in a Receivables Facility, including, without limitation, those relating to the servicing of the assets of a Receivables Entity, it being understood that any Receivables Repurchase Obligation shall be deemed to be a Standard Receivables Undertaking. Statutory Reserves shall mean for any Interest Period for any Eurodollar Borrowing, the average maximum rate at which reserves (including any marginal, supplemental or emergency reserves) are required to be maintained during such Interest Period under Regulation D by member banks of the United States Federal Reserve System in New York City with deposits exceeding one billion dollars against Eurocurrency liabilities (as such term is used in Regulation D). Eurodollar Borrowings shall be deemed to constitute Eurocurrency liabilities and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exceptions or offsets which may be available from time to time to any Lender under Regulation D. Subject Transaction shall mean any (a) disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of or all of the Equity Interests of any Restricted Subsidiary or of any product line, business unit, line of business (including, without limitation, a product line) or division of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case to the extent permitted hereunder, (b) Permitted Acquisition, (c) other Investment that is permitted hereunder that results in a Person becoming a Subsidiary, (d) designation of any Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, (e) incurrence of Indebtedness or making of a Dividend or a Restricted Debt Payment or (f) any non-ordinary course restructurings, cost savings and similar initiatives, operating improvements and synergy realizations (solely to the extent permitted to be added back pursuant to the definition of Pro Forma Basis). 55 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Subordinated Indebtedness shall mean Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Guarantor that is by its terms subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations of the Borrower and such Guarantor, as applicable; provided that such terms of subordination and the intercreditor documentation with respect thereto, are reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. Subsidiary shall mean, with respect to any Person (the parent at any date, (i) any Person the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent s in the parent s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, (ii) any other corporation, limited liability company, association or other business entity of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50 of the voting power of all Equity Interests entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of the Board of Directors thereof are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held by the parent and/or one or more subsidiaries of the parent, (iii) any partnership (a) the sole general partner or the managing general partner of which is the parent and/or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or (b) the only general partners of which are the parent and/or one or more subsidiaries of the parent and (iv) any other Person that is otherwise Controlled by the parent and/or one or more subsidiaries of the parent. Unless otherwise specified, references to Subsidiary or Subsidiaries herein shall refer to Subsidiaries of the Borrower. Subsidiary Guarantor means each Domestic Subsidiary of the Borrower that is or becomes pursuant to Section 5.10 a party to this Agreement; provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary, no Excluded Subsidiary shall be a Subsidiary Guarantor. Swingline Commitment means the commitment of the Swingline Lender to make loans pursuant to Section 2.17, as the same may be reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.07 provided that at no time shall the Swingline Commitment exceed the Revolving Commitment. The aggregate principal amount of the Swingline Commitment shall be 5,000,000 on the Closing Date Swingline Exposure means at any time the aggregate principal amount at such time of all outstanding Swingline Loans. The Swingline Exposure of any Revolving Lender at any time shall equal its Pro Rata Percentage of the aggregate Swingline Exposure at such time. Swingline Lender means Owl Rock or one of its Affiliates or Approved Funds. Swingline Loan means any loan made by the Swingline Lender pursuant to Section 2.17. T365 means Title365 Holding Co., a California corporation. T365Co means Title365 Company, a California corporation. Tax Change means any change in the Code or any other applicable Requirements of Law that would have the effect of changing the amount of Taxes due and payable by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for any taxable period, as compared to 56 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

the amount of Taxes that would have been due and payable by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such taxable period under the Code or any other Requirements of Law as in effect immediately prior to such change; provided for avoidance of doubt, that the calculation of a change in Taxes due and payable shall take into account all changes to the Code or any other Requirements of Law. Tax Group shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.06(b). Tax Return shall mean all returns, statements, declarations, reports, filings, attachments and other documents or certifications required to be filed in respect of Taxes, including any amendments thereof. Tax Withholdings shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.15(a). Taxes shall mean all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholdings), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. Term Loan shall mean a Loan made by Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(a), and shall include, unless the context shall otherwise require, any Incremental Term Loans made pursuant to Section 2.20 after the Closing Date. Term Loan Borrowing shall mean a Borrowing comprised of Term Loans. Term Loan Commitment shall mean, with respect to any Lender, (a) its obligation to make its portion of Term Loans to the Borrower in the amount set forth on Annex A, and (b) unless the context shall otherwise require, any Incremental Term Loan Commitments made pursuant to Section 2.20 after the Closing Date. The initial aggregate amount of the Term Loan Commitments as of the date hereof is 225,000,000. Term Loan Lender shall mean a Lender with a Term Loan Commitment or an outstanding Term Loan. Term Loan Maturity Date shall mean (x) with respect to any Term Loans the maturity date of which has not been extended pursuant to Section 2.21, June 30, 2026, and (y) with respect to any Extended Tranche of Term Loans, the final maturity date specified in the applicable Extension Election accepted by the respective Lender or Lenders. Term SOFR shall mean, (a) for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not 57 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and (b) for any calculation with respect to an ABR Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the ABR Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any ABR Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such ABR SOFR Determination Day; provided, further, that if Term SOFR determined as provided above (including pursuant to the proviso under clause (a) or clause (b) above) shall ever be less than the Floor, then Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. Term SOFR Adjustment means, for any calculation with respect to an ABR Loan or a SOFR Loan, a percentage per annum as set forth below for the applicable Type of such Loan and (if applicable) Interest Period therefor: Base Rate Loans: 0.10 SOFR Loans: Interest Period Percentage One month 0.10 Three months 0.15 Six months 0.25 58 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR Test Period shall mean, at any time, subject to Section 1.06, the four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower then last ended (in each case taken as one accounting period) for which financial statements have been or were required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a), (b) or (c). Total Consideration shall mean (without duplication), with respect to any Permitted Acquisition, the sum of (a) cash paid as consideration to the seller in connection with such Permitted Acquisition (other than Earn-Outs), plus (b) Indebtedness for borrowed money payable to the seller in connection with such Permitted Acquisition (other than Earn-Outs), plus (c) the present value of future payments which are required to be made over a period of time and are not contingent upon the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries meeting financial performance objectives (exclusive of salaries paid in the ordinary course of business) (discounted at ABR), plus (d) the amount of Indebtedness for borrowed money assumed in connection with such Permitted Acquisition, minus (e) the aggregate principal amount of equity contributions made to the Borrower the proceeds of which are used substantially contemporaneously with such contribution to fund all or a portion of the cash purchase price (including deferred payments) of such Permitted Acquisition, minus (f) any cash and Cash Equivalents on the balance sheet of the target entity acquired as part of the applicable Permitted Acquisition, minus (g) all transaction costs incurred in connection therewith; provided that Total Consideration shall not include any consideration or payment (y) paid by the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries directly in the form of Equity Interests of the Borrower (or any direct or indirect parent company thereof) (other than Disqualified Capital Stock) or (z) funded by cash and Cash Equivalents generated by any Excluded Subsidiary. Total Net Leverage Ratio shall mean, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) (i) Consolidated Total Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on such date minus (ii) Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount not to exceed 10,000,000, in Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts subject to Deposit Account Control Agreements in favor of the Administrative Agent (provided that, such requirement that Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents be in Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts subject to Deposit Account Control Agreements in favor of the Administrative Agent shall not apply until the date that Deposit Account Control Agreements are required to be put in place pursuant to Section 5.12) to (b) LQA Revenue of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of such date, in each case on a Pro Forma Basis (other than (a)(ii)). Total Revolving Commitment shall mean the sum of all Revolving Commitments pursuant to this Agreement. On the Closing Date, the Total Revolving Commitment shall be 25,000,000, as set forth on Annex A, as the same may be (a) reduced 59 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

from time to time pursuant to Section 2.07 or Section 2.16(b) and (b) increased from time to time pursuant to Incremental Revolving Loan Commitments. Tranche shall mean each tranche of Loans and/or Commitments available hereunder. On the Closing Date there shall be two tranches, one comprised of the Term Loans and the other comprised of the Revolving Commitments (and Revolving Loans subsequently extended thereunder). Transaction Documents shall mean the Closing Date Acquisition Documents and the Loan Documents. Transactions shall mean, collectively, the transactions to occur on or prior to the Closing Date pursuant to the Closing Date Acquisition Documents and the Loan Documents; the execution, delivery and performance of the Closing Date Acquisition Documents, the Loan Documents and the initial Borrowings hereunder; and the payment of all fees, costs and expenses owing in connection with the foregoing. Treasury Rate means the rate per annum equal to the yield to maturity at the time of computation of the most recently issued United States of America Treasury securities with a constant maturity (as compiled and published in the most recent Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (or is obtainable from the Federal Reserve System s Data Download Program as of the date of such H.15) that has become publicly available at least two Business Days prior to such date (or, if such Statistical Release is no longer published, any publicly available source of similar market data)) most nearly equal to the period from such date of prepayment or repayment, as applicable, to the second anniversary of the Closing Date; provided, however, that if the period from such date of prepayment or repayment, as applicable, to the second anniversary of the applicable Closing Date is not equal to the constant maturity of a United States of America Treasury security for which a weekly average yield is given, the Treasury Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the weekly average yields of United States of America Treasury securities for which such yields are given, except that if the period from such date of prepayment or repayment, as applicable, to the second anniversary of the applicable Closing Date is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded United States of America Treasury securities adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used. Transferred Guarantor shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.09. Type when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, shall mean a reference to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO RateTerm SOFR or the Alternate Base Rate. UCC shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time (except as otherwise specified) in any applicable state or jurisdiction. UK Bail-In Legislation means (to the extent that the United Kingdom is not an EEA Member Country which has implemented, or implements, Article 55 BRRD) Part I of the 60 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 and any other law or regulation applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (otherwise than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). United States or U.S. shall mean the United States of America. Unrestricted Cash shall mean, at any time, the aggregate amount of unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents held in Deposit Accounts or Securities Accounts of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (whether or not held in an account pledged to the Administrative Agent) that is free and clear of all Liens other than (i) Liens created by the Loan Documents or (ii) other Liens permitted hereunder; provided that any such Liens are subordinated to or pari passu with the Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent (and perfected to no greater extent than the Liens on such cash and Cash Equivalents in favor of the Administrative Agent); provided further, in any event, Unrestricted Cash shall exclude any cash and Cash Equivalents held in accounts of the Borrower and the Guarantors that are not subject to Deposit Account Control Agreements in contravention of Section 5.12. Unrestricted Subsidiary shall mean (a) any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is formed or acquired after the Closing Date; provided that the Borrower designates such Subsidiary an Unrestricted Subsidiary in a notice to the Administrative Agent, (b) any Restricted Subsidiary subsequently designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary by the Borrower in a written notice to the Administrative Agent, and (c) each Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary; provided that in the case of clauses (a) and (b) above, (i) such designation shall be deemed to be an Investment on the date of such designation in an amount equal to the fair market value of the investment therein and such designation shall be permitted only to the extent permitted under Section 6.03 on the date of such designation, (ii) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would immediately result from such designation after giving pro forma effect thereto (including the re-designation of Indebtedness and Liens on the assets of such Subsidiary as Indebtedness and Liens on assets of an Unrestricted Subsidiary), (iii) immediately after giving effect to any such designation, on a Pro Forma Basis (including, for the avoidance of doubt, giving pro forma effect to the re-designation of Indebtedness and Liens on the assets of such Subsidiary as Indebtedness and Liens on assets of an Unrestricted Subsidiary), as of the date of determination and for the applicable Test Period, the Total Net Leverage Ratio does not exceed 2.00 to 1.00, and (iv) no Subsidiary of the Borrower that exists as of the Closing Date shall be permitted to be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary. The Borrower may, by written notice to the Administrative Agent, re-designate any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary (which shall constitute a reduction in any outstanding Investment), and thereafter, such Subsidiary shall no longer constitute an Unrestricted Subsidiary, but only if (a) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would immediately result from such re-designation (including the re-designation of Indebtedness and Liens on the assets of such Subsidiary as Indebtedness and Liens on assets of a Restricted Subsidiary and the deemed return on any Investment in such Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to clause (y)) and (b) immediately after giving effect to any such re-designation (including the re-designation of Indebtedness and Liens on the assets of such Subsidiary as Indebtedness and Liens on assets of a Restricted Subsidiary and the deemed return on any 61 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Investment in such Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to clause (y)), on a Pro Forma Basis, as of the date of determination and for the applicable Test Period, the Total Net Leverage Ratio does not exceed (x) prior to a Qualified IPO, 1.25 to 1.00 and (y) on or after a Qualified IPO, 1.67 to 1.00. The designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary shall constitute (x) the incurrence by such Restricted Subsidiary at the time of such designation of any Indebtedness or Liens of such Restricted Subsidiary outstanding at such time (after giving effect to, and taking into account, any payoff or termination of Indebtedness or any release or termination of Liens, in each case, occurring in connection or substantially concurrently therewith) and (y) constitute a return on any Investment by the Borrower in such Unrestricted Subsidiary in an amount equal to the fair market value at the date of such prior designation of such Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary (solely for purposes of Section 6.03(q)). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the last quarter annualized revenue (defined in a manner consistent with LQA Revenue) of the Unrestricted Subsidiaries shall not in the aggregate represent in excess of 5.0 of the LQA Revenues of the Group Members on a consolidated basis as of any date. Notwithstanding anything else to the contrary, (I) no Subsidiary may be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary if (i) such designated Unrestricted Subsidiary shall directly or indirectly own any equity or debt of, or hold a Lien on any property of, the Borrower or any Person that will remain a Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) the Borrower or any other Person that will remain a Restricted Subsidiary shall be directly or indirectly liable for Indebtedness that provides that the holder thereof may (with the passage of time or notice or both) declare a default thereon or cause the payment to be accelerated or payable prior to its stated maturity thereof upon the occurrence of a default with respect to any Indebtedness, Lien or other obligation of such Unrestricted Subsidiary (including any right to take enforcement actions against such Unrestricted Subsidiary), (II) no Unrestricted Subsidiary shall develop (or own) any Intellectual Property that is material to the Credit Parties, or, to the extent any Unrestricted Subsidiary develops (or owns) such material Intellectual Property, (A) such Intellectual Property will be transferred to a Restricted Subsidiary as soon as is reasonably practicable (in the good faith determination of the Borrower) after the determination that such Intellectual Property is material or (B) such Unrestricted Subsidiary is designated as a Restricted Subsidiary as soon as is reasonably practicable (in the good faith determination of the Borrower) after the determination that such Intellectual Property is material and (III) no Unrestricted Subsidiary shall directly or indirectly own any equity or debt of, or hold a Lien on any property of, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary. U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. Voting Stock shall mean, with respect to any Person, any class or classes of Equity Interests pursuant to which the holders thereof have the general voting power under ordinary circumstances to elect at least a majority of the Board of Directors of such Person. Warrant shall mean the Warrant for the Borrower s Series G Preferred Stock issued to OR Lending LLC, OR Tech Lending LLC and OR BL LLC pursuant to the terms of Section 5.15. 62 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Warrant Agreement shall mean a warrant agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit K. Weighted Average Life to Maturity shall mean, when applied to any Indebtedness at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing: (i) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (a) the amount of each then remaining installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required payments of principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect thereof, by (b) the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment by (ii) the then outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness; provided that for purposes of determining the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any Indebtedness or Disqualified Capital Stock that is being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended, the effects of any prepayments or amortization made on such Indebtedness or Disqualified Capital Stock prior to the date of the applicable modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement or extension shall be disregarded. Wholly Owned Subsidiary shall mean, as to any Person, (a) any corporation 100 of whose capital stock (other than directors qualifying shares or other nominal issuance in order to comply with local laws) is at the time owned by such Person and/or one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such Person and (b) any partnership, association, joint venture, limited liability company or other entity in which such Person and/or one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such Person have a 100 equity interest at such time. Withholding Agent shall mean any Credit Party and the Administrative Agent. Write-Down and Conversion Powers means: (a) in relation to any Bail-In Legislation described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule from time to time, the powers described as such in relation to that Bail-In Legislation in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule; (b) in relation to any other applicable Bail-In Legislation: (i) any powers under that Bail-In Legislation to cancel, transfer or dilute shares issued by a person that is a bank or investment firm or other financial institution or affiliate of a bank, investment firm or other financial institution, to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of such a person or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers; and (ii) any similar or analogous powers under that Bail-In Legislation; and (c) in relation to any UK Bail-In Legislation: (i) any powers under that UK Bail-In Legislation to cancel, transfer or dilute shares issued by a person that is a bank or investment firm or other financial 63 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

institution or affiliate of a bank, investment firm or other financial institution, to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of such a person or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that UK Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers; and (ii) any similar or analogous powers under that UK Bail-In Legislation. Yield shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20(f). Classification of Loans and Borrowings. For purposes of thisSection 1.02 Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a Revolving Loan or by Type (e.g., a EurodollarSOFR Loan or by Class and Type (e.g., a EurodollarSOFR Revolving Loan ). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a Revolving Borrowing, Borrowing of Term Loans or by Type (e.g., a EurodollarSOFR Borrowing or by Class and Type (e.g., a EurodollarSOFR Revolving Borrowing ). Terms Generally.Section 1.03 The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and(a) plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. Unless the context requires otherwise (i) any definition of or reference to any Loan Document, agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements, replacements or modifications set forth herein), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns (subject to any restrictions on assignments set forth herein), (iii) the words herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (iv) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement, (v) any reference to any law or regulation herein shall refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, (vi) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights, and (vii) all references to the knowledge of any Group Member or facts known by any Group Member shall mean actual knowledge of any Responsible Officer of such Person. Any Responsible Officer or Financial Officer executing any Loan Document or any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto, so executes or certifies in his/her capacity as a Responsible Officer or Financial Officer, as applicable, on behalf of the applicable Credit Party and not in any individual capacity. 64 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

The term enforceability and its derivatives when used to describe the(b) enforceability of an agreement shall mean that such agreement is enforceable except as enforceability may be limited by any Debtor Relief Law and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law). Any terms used in this Agreement that are defined in the UCC shall be(c) construed and defined as set forth in the UCC unless otherwise defined herein; provided that to the extent that the UCC is used to define any term herein and such term is defined differently in different Articles of the UCC, the definition of such term contained in Article 9 of the UCC shall govern. For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any(d) division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. Accounting Terms; GAAP; Tax Laws. Except as otherwiseSection 1.04 expressly provided herein, all financial statements to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP as in effect from time to time and all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with GAAP, as in effect on December 31, 2018; provided that in the event a change in GAAP occurs, the Borrower may, at its election in its sole discretion and upon notice to the Administrative Agent, until such time as the audited financial statements for such fiscal year are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a), prepare any unaudited financial statement to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(b) or 5.01(c) of this Agreement during such fiscal year in accordance with GAAP without giving effect to such change in GAAP. The Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, concurrently with the delivery of each certificate or financial report required hereunder at a time when a change in GAAP or a Tax Change is being accounted for differently as between the preparation of financial statements and the calculation of any financial ratio, term or standard hereunder, a written statement of a Financial Officer of the Borrower setting forth in reasonable detail the differences (including any differences that would affect any calculations relating to the Financial Covenant as set forth in Section 6.08) that resulted from such differences in the application of the change in GAAP or the implementation of any Tax Change as a result of the foregoing rules of construction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, for all purposes under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including negative covenants, financial covenants and component definitions, GAAP will be deemed to treat operating leases and Capital Leases in a manner consistent with their current treatment under GAAP as in effect on December 31, 2018, notwithstanding any modifications or interpretive changes thereto that may occur thereafter. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, (i) all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made, without giving effect to any election under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 159 or FASB ASC 825 (or any other Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries at fair value, as defined therein and (ii) the 65 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

financial ratios and related definitions set forth in the Loan Documents shall be computed to exclude the application of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133, 150 or 123(R) or any other financial accounting standard having a similar result or effect (to the extent that the pronouncements in Financial Accounting Standards No. 123(R) result in recording an equity award as a liability on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in the circumstance where, but for the application of the pronouncements, such award would have been classified as equity). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, all financial ratios and tests (including the Total Net Leverage Ratio and the amount of Consolidated Total Assets and LQA Revenue) contained in this Agreement that are calculated with respect to any Test Period during which any Subject Transaction occurs shall be calculated with respect to such Test Period and such Subject Transaction on a Pro Forma Basis. Further, if since the beginning of any Test Period and on or prior to the date of any required calculation of any financial ratio or test (x) any Subject Transaction shall have occurred (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Subject Transaction whose permissibility is being tested and any substantially concurrent Subject Transactions) or (y) any Person that subsequently became a Restricted Subsidiary or was merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries since the beginning of such Test Period shall have consummated any Subject Transaction, then, in each case, any applicable financial ratio or test shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis for such Test Period as if such Subject Transaction had occurred at the beginning of the applicable Test Period (it being understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that solely for purposes of calculating quarterly compliance with Section 6.08, the date of the required calculation shall be the last day of the Test Period, and no Subject Transaction occurring thereafter shall be taken into account). Other than as provided in Section 1.06 below, for purposes of determining the permissibility of any action, change, transaction or event that by the terms of the Loan Documents requires a calculation of any financial ratio or test (including the Total Net Leverage Ratio and the amount of LQA Revenue and Consolidated Total Assets), (x) such financial ratio or test shall be calculated at the time such action is taken, such change is made, such transaction is consummated or such event occurs, as the case may be, and no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of a change in such financial ratio or test occurring after the time such action is taken, such change is made, such transaction is consummated or such event occurs, as the case may be and (y) such financial ratio or test shall be calculated (on a Pro Forma Basis if applicable) using the most recent financial statements which have been delivered by the Credit Parties in accordance with Section 5.01(a), 5.01(b) or 5.01(c). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (a) to the extent compliance with a financial ratio or test is calculated prior to the date financial statements are first delivered under Section 5.01(a), (b) or (c) such calculation shall use the latest financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 4.01(m), and (b) any determination of compliance with the Financial Covenant for purposes of determining the permissibility under the Loan Documents of any transaction occurring on or prior to the last day of the first full fiscal quarter commencing after the Closing Date shall be made applying the covenant levels applicable to the Test Period ending the last day of the first full fiscal quarter commencing after the Closing Date. 66 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Resolution of Drafting Ambiguities. Each party heretoSection 1.05 acknowledges and agrees that it was represented by counsel in connection with the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, that it and its counsel reviewed and participated in the preparation and negotiation hereof and thereof and that any rule of construction to the effect that ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation hereof or thereof. Limited Condition Acquisition. Notwithstanding anything to theSection 1.06 contrary herein, in the case of the incurrence of any Indebtedness (other than under any Incremental Facilities, which shall remain subject to the terms of Section 2.20 with respect to the impact, if any, of a Limited Condition Acquisition) or Liens or the making of any Permitted Acquisitions or other permitted Investments or fundamental changes in connection with a Limited Condition Acquisition, if the Borrower has made an LCA Election with respect to such Limited Condition Acquisition, the relevant ratios and the component amounts thereof (including LQA Revenue, Total Net Leverage Ratio or Consolidated Total Indebtedness (in each case)) (but other than the Financial Covenant under Section 6.08 (other than compliance with the Financial Covenant as a condition to effecting any transaction)) and baskets shall be determined as of the date the definitive agreements for such Limited Condition Acquisition are entered into and effective (and not, for the avoidance of doubt, the date of consummation of any Limited Condition Acquisition) (the LCA Test Date ), and shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis assuming such Limited Condition Acquisition and other transactions in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) were consummated on such LCA Test Date (but, for the avoidance of doubt, without giving effect to the cash proceeds of any indebtedness incurred to finance such Limited Condition Acquisition for the purposes of cash netting in the determination of any leverage multiples); provided that, (i) if the Borrower has made an LCA Election, in connection with the calculation of any ratio or basket with respect to the incurrence of any other Indebtedness or Liens, or the making of any Permitted Acquisitions or other permitted Investments, Dividends, Restricted Debt Payments, Asset Sales or other sales or dispositions of assets or fundamental changes on or following the applicable LCA Test Date and on prior to the earlier of (x) the date on which such Limited Condition Acquisition is consummated or (y) the date that the definitive agreement (or in the case of a Limited Condition Acquisition that involves some other manner of establishing a binding obligation under local law, such other binding obligation to consummate such transaction) for such Limited Condition Acquisition is terminated or expires, any such ratio or basket shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis (I) assuming such Limited Condition Acquisition and other transactions in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) have been consummated and (II) assuming such Limited Condition Acquisition and other transactions in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) have not been consummated (in which case such ratios or baskets, as applicable, relating to such subsequent transaction shall be required to be satisfied under both the preceding clauses (I) and (II) to be in compliance with the terms of this Agreement) and (ii) no Event of Default shall exist on the LCA Test Date and no Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), (b), (g) or (h) shall exist the date on which such Limited Condition Acquisition is consummated. Times of Day. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein toSection 1.07 times of day shall be references to New York City time. 67 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Deliveries. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,Section 1.08 whenever any document, agreement or other item is required by any Loan Document to be delivered or completed on a day that is not a Business Day, the due date thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day. Schedules and Exhibits. All of the schedules and exhibits attachedSection 1.09 to this Agreement shall be deemed incorporated herein by reference. Currency Generally.Section 1.10 All Loans shall be made in U.S. dollars.(a) For purposes of determining compliance with Sections 6.01, 6.02, 6.03,(b) 6.04, 6.05, 6.06, 6.07 or 6.09, with respect to any Indebtedness, Liens, Investments, liquidations, dissolutions, mergers, consolidations, Asset Sales or other dispositions, Dividends, affiliate transactions or Restricted Debt Payments in a currency other than Dollars, no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of changes in rates of currency exchange occurring after the time the Borrower or one of its Restricted Subsidiaries is contractually obligated to incur, enter into, make or acquire such Indebtedness, Liens, Investments, liquidations, dissolutions, mergers, consolidations, Asset Sales or other dispositions, Dividends, affiliate transactions or Restricted Debt Payments (so long as, at the time of entering into the contract to incur, enter into, make or acquire such Indebtedness, Liens, Investments, liquidations, dissolutions, mergers, consolidations, Asset Sales or other dispositions, Dividends, affiliate transactions or Restricted Debt Payments, such transaction was permitted hereunder) and once contractually obligated to be incurred, entered into, made or acquired, the amount of such Indebtedness, Liens, Investments, liquidations, dissolutions, mergers, consolidations, Asset Sales or other dispositions, Dividends, affiliate transactions or Restricted Debt Payments, shall be always deemed to be at the Dollar amount on such date, regardless of later changes in currency exchange rates. In respect of any relevant period, the exchange rates used in relation to(c) calculating Consolidated Total Indebtedness shall be the weighted average exchange rates used for determining LQA Revenues (or any component thereof) for the relevant period, provided that if the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has entered into any currency Hedging Agreement in respect of any borrowings, the currency and amount of such borrowings shall be determined by first taking into account the effects of that currency Hedging Agreement. Basket Amounts and Application of Multiple Relevant Provisions.Section 1.11 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, (a) unless specifically stated otherwise herein, any dollar, number, percentage or other amount available under any carve-out, basket, exclusion or exception to any affirmative, negative or other covenant in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents may be accumulated, added, combined, aggregated or used together by any Credit Party and its Subsidiaries without limitation for any purpose permitted hereby, and (b) any action or event permitted by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents need not be permitted solely by reference to one provision permitting such action or event but may be permitted in part by one such provision and in part by one or more other provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with 68 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Article VI, in the event that any Lien, Investment, liquidation, dissolution merger, consolidation, Indebtedness, disposition, Dividend, Affiliate transaction, contractual requirement or prepayment of Indebtedness meets the criteria of one, or more than one, of the baskets or categories of transactions then permitted pursuant to any clause or subsection of Article VI, such transaction (or any portion thereof) at any time shall be permitted under one or more of such baskets or categories at the time of such transaction or any later time from time to time, in each case, as determined by the Borrower in its sole discretion at such time and thereafter may be reclassified or divided (as if incurred at such later time) by the Borrower (solely among baskets within a particular covenant (i.e. within Section 6.01)), other than with respect to Sections 6.06 and 6.09 thereof, in any manner not expressly prohibited by this Agreement, and such Lien, Investment, liquidation, dissolution merger, consolidation, Indebtedness, disposition, Dividend, Affiliate transaction, contractual requirement or prepayment of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) shall be treated as having been incurred or existing pursuant to only such basket or category of transactions or baskets or categories of transactions (or any portion thereof) without giving pro forma effect to such item (or portion thereof) when calculating the amount of Liens, Investments, liquidations, dissolutions, mergers, consolidations, Indebtedness, dispositions, Dividends, Affiliate transactions, contractual requirements or prepayments of Indebtedness, as applicable, that may be incurred pursuant to any other basket or category of transactions. Rates. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept anySection 1.12 responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to ABR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, ABR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of ABR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain ABR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 69 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

ARTICLE II THE CREDITS Commitments. Subject to the terms and conditions herein setSection 2.01 forth, each Lender agrees, severally and not jointly: Term Loans. To make a Term Loan to the Borrower on the Closing Date(a) in the principal amount of its Term Loan Commitment; and Revolving Loans. To make Revolving Loans, upon the terms and(b) conditions set forth herein, to the Borrower at any time and from time to time on or after the Closing Date until the earlier of the Revolving Maturity Date and the termination of the Revolving Commitment of such Lender in accordance with the terms hereof, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that (i) will not result in such Lender s Revolving Exposure exceeding such Lender s Revolving Commitment and (ii) will not, after giving effect thereto and to the application of the proceeds thereof, at any time result in the aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Exposure outstanding at such time exceeding the Total Revolving Commitment then in effect; provided that no Revolving Loans may be drawn on the Closing Date. The Revolving Loans may, at the option of the Borrower, be incurred and maintained as, and/or converted into, ABR Revolving Loans or EurodollarSOFR Revolving Loans; provided, that all Revolving Loans made by each of the Lenders pursuant to the same Borrowing shall, unless otherwise specifically provided herein, consist entirely of Revolving Loans of the same Type. Amounts paid or prepaid in respect of Term Loans may not be reborrowed. Within the limits set forth in clause (b) above and subject to the terms, conditions and limitations set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, pay or prepay and reborrow Revolving Loans. Loans.Section 2.02 Each Loan (other than Swingline Loans) shall be made as part of a(a) Borrowing consisting of Loans made by the applicable Lenders ratably in accordance with their applicable Commitments; provided that the failure of any Lender to make its Loan shall not in itself relieve any other Lender of its obligation to lend hereunder (it being understood, however, that no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make any Loan required to be made by such other Lender). Except for Loans deemed made pursuant to Section 2.18(e)(ii), (x) ABR Loans comprising any Borrowing shall be in an aggregate principal amount that is (i) an integral multiple of 100,000 and not less than the Minimum Borrowing Amount or (ii) equal to the remaining available balance of the applicable Commitments and (y) the EurodollarSOFR Loans comprising any Borrowing shall be in an aggregate principal amount that is (i) an integral multiple of 100,000 and not less than the Minimum Borrowing Amount or (ii) equal to the remaining available balance of the applicable Commitments. Subject to Sections 2.01, 2.11 and 2.12, each Borrowing shall be(b) comprised entirely of ABR Loans or EurodollarSOFR Loans as the Borrower may request pursuant to Section 2.03. Each Lender may at its option make any EurodollarSOFR Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan; provided 70 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. More than one Borrowing may be incurred on any day, but at no time shall there be outstanding more than, in the case of Loans maintained as EurodollarSOFR Loans, seven (7) Borrowings of such Loans in the aggregate. For purposes of the foregoing, Borrowings having different Interest Periods, regardless of whether they commence on the same date, shall be considered separate Borrowings. Except for Loans deemed made pursuant to Section 2.01(a) or Section(c) 2.18(e)(ii), each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds to such account as the Administrative Agent may designate not later than 12:00 (noon) New York City time, with respect to EurodollarSOFR Loans, or 1:30 p.m. New York City time, with respect to ABR Loans, and upon receipt of all requested Loan funds, the Administrative Agent shall promptly wire all such requested amounts so received to an account as directed by the Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request or, if a Borrowing shall not occur on such date because any condition precedent herein specified shall not have been met, return the amounts so received to the respective Lenders. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from a(d) Lender prior to the date (in the case of any EurodollarSOFR Borrowing) and at least two (2) hours prior to the time (in the case of any ABR Borrowing) of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s portion of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such portion available to the Administrative Agent at the time of such Borrowing in accordance with clause (c) above, and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower on such date a corresponding amount. If the Administrative Agent shall have so made funds available, then, to the extent that such Lender shall not have made such portion available to the Administrative Agent, each of such Lender and the Borrower severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is made available to the Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at (i) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable at the time to the Loans comprising such Borrowing and (ii) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. If such Lender shall repay to the Administrative Agent such corresponding amount, such amount shall constitute such Lender s Loan as part of such Borrowing for the purposes of this Agreement, and the Borrower s obligation to repay the Administrative Agent such corresponding amount pursuant to this Section 2.02(d) shall cease. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower(e) shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Revolving Maturity Date or the Term Loan Maturity Date, as applicable. Borrowing Procedure. To request a Revolving Borrowing or TermSection 2.03 Loan Borrowing, the Borrower shall deliver, by facsimile or other electronic transmission if arrangements for doing so have been approved in writing (including via email) by the 71 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Administrative Agent, a duly completed and executed Borrowing Request to the Administrative Agent (a) in the case of a Revolving Borrowing, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time (or such later time on such Business Day as may be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent), three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing; provided that a Revolving Borrowing may not be requested more than twice per calendar month, or (b) in the case of Term Loan Borrowings to be made on the Closing Date, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, (1) one Business Day before the date of the proposed Borrowing. Each Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable and shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02: whether the requested Borrowing is to be a Borrowing of Revolving Loans(a) or Term Loans; the aggregate amount of such Borrowing;(b) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day;(c) whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a EurodollarSOFR(d) Borrowing; in the case of a EurodollarSOFR Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to(e) be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period the wiring instructions, including the location and number of the account(f) to which funds are to be disbursed; and with respect to each Credit Extension made after the Closing Date, that the(g) conditions set forth in Section 4.02(b) and Section 4.02(c) will be satisfied or waived as of the date the requested Borrowing is made. If no election as to the Type of Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be a EurodollarSOFR Borrowing with an Interest Period of one month s duration. If the Borrower requests a EurodollarSOFR Borrowing but fails to specify an Interest Period, the Borrower will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month s duration. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section 2.03, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lender s Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing. Evidence of Debt; Repayment of Loans.Section 2.04 Promise to Repay. The Borrower unconditionally promises to pay to the(a) Administrative Agent (i) for the account of each Term Loan Lender, the principal amount of each Term Loan of such Term Loan Lender as provided in Section 2.09, (ii) for the account of each Revolving Lender, the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan of such Revolving Lender on the Revolving Maturity Date and (iii) the Swingline Lender, the then unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan on the earlier of the Revolving Maturity Date and the first date after such Swingline Loan is made that is the 15th or last day of a calendar month (or, if such 72 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

date is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day) and is at least two Business Days after such Swingline Loan is made; provided that, on each date that a Revolving Borrowing is made, Borrower shall repay all Swingline Loans that were outstanding on the date such Borrowing was requested. Lender and Administrative Agent Records. Each Lender shall maintain in(b) accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the Indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender from time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time under this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it will record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Type and Class thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto; (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder; and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender s share thereof. The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to this paragraph shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations therein recorded; provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligations of the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with their terms. In the event of any conflict between the records maintained by any Lender and the records of the Administrative Agent in respect of such matters, the records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. Promissory Notes. Any Lender by written notice to the Borrower (with a(c) copy to the Administrative Agent) may request that Loans of any Class made by it be evidenced by a Note. In such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a Note payable to such Lender or its registered assigns in the form of Exhibit G-1 or G-2, as the case may be. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such Note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 10.04) be represented by one or more Notes in such form payable to the payee named therein or its registered assigns. Fees.Section 2.05 Commitment Fee. The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative(a) Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender (subject to Section 2.19, in the case of a Defaulting Lender) a commitment fee (a Commitment Fee equal 0.50 per annum on the actual daily unused amount of the Revolving Commitment of such Revolving Lender during the period from and including the Closing Date to but excluding the date on which such Revolving Commitment terminates. Accrued Commitment Fees shall be payable in arrears (A) on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December of each year, commencing on the end of the first full quarterly period to occur after the Closing Date, and (B) on the date on which such Commitment terminates. Commitment Fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as applicable, and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). For purposes of computing Commitment Fees with respect to Revolving Commitments, a Revolving Commitment of a Lender shall be deemed to be used to the extent of the outstanding Revolving Loans and LC Exposure of such Lender (and the Swingline Exposure of such Lender shall be disregarded for such purpose); provided that for the 73 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

purpose of calculations and payments pursuant to this Section 2.05, the Revolving Commitment of each Defaulting Lender shall be deemed equal to 0. Administrative Agent Fees. The Borrower agrees to pay to the(b) Administrative Agent, for its own account, the administrative fees payable in the amounts and at the times set forth in the Agent s Fee Letter (the Administrative Agent Fee ). LC Participation and Fronting Fees. The Borrower agrees to pay (i) to the(c) Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender a participation fee LC Participation Fee in Dollars with respect to its participations in Letters of Credit, which shall accrue at a rate equal to the Applicable Margin for the LC Participation Fee on the actual daily amount of such Lender s LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to Reimbursement Obligations) during the period from and including the Closing Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Lender s Revolving Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure, and (ii) to the Issuing Bank a fronting fee Fronting Fee in Dollars which shall accrue at a rate of 0.25 per annum on the actual daily amount of the LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to Reimbursement Obligations) during the period from and including the Closing Date to but excluding the later of the date of termination of the Revolving Commitments and the date on which there ceases to be any LC Exposure, as well as such Issuing Bank s reasonable customary fees with respect to the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder. Accrued LC Participation Fees and Fronting Fees shall be payable in arrears (i) on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December of each year, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Closing Date, and (ii) on the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate. Any such fees accruing after the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate shall be payable promptly on written demand. Any other fees payable to the applicable Issuing Bank pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable within ten (10) Business Days after written demand therefor. All LC Participation Fees and Fronting Fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as applicable, and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). Fee Letter. Without duplication of any other fees set forth in this Section(d) 2.05, the Borrower agrees to pay the fees set forth in the Fee Letters at the times and in the manner set forth therein. All Fees shall be paid on the dates due, in immediately available funds, to(e) the Administrative Agent for distribution, if and as appropriate, among the applicable Lenders, except that the Borrower shall pay the Fronting Fees directly to the Issuing Bank. Once paid when due and payable, none of the Fees shall be refundable under any circumstances. Interest on Loans.Section 2.06 ABR Loans. Subject to the provisions of Section 2.06(c), the Loans(a) comprising each ABR Borrowing, including each Swingline Loan, shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin in effect from time to time. 74 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

EurodollarSOFR Loans. Subject to the provisions of Section 2.06(c), the(b) Loans comprising each EurodollarSOFR Borrowing shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Adjusted LIBO RateTerm SOFR for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Margin in effect from time to time. From and after the First Amendment Effective Date, Adjusted Term SOFR shall replace the use of the Adjusted LIBO Rate (as defined in this Agreement immediately prior to the First Amendment Effective Date) with respect to the calculation of interest, and any Eurodollar Loan (as defined in this Agreement immediately prior to the First Amendment Effective Date) shall become a SOFR Loan; provided that if the First Amendment Effective Date falls before the last day of an Interest Period for any Loan: Such Loan shall continue to bear interest at the Adjusted LIBO(i) Rate (as defined in this Agreement immediately prior to the First Amendment Effective Date) plus the Applicable Margin for such applicable facility hereunder for the remainder of such Interest Period; Any provisions in this Agreement related to SOFR shall not apply(ii) to such Loan for the remainder of such Interest Period; From and after the first day of the immediately succeeding Interest(iii) Period (if any) for such Loan, Adjusted Term SOFR shall apply with respect to the calculation of interest and any provisions in this Agreement related to SOFR shall apply to such Loan. Default Rate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) upon the occurrence and(c) during the existence of an Event of Default under Sections 8.01(a), (b), (g) or (h) or (y) at the election of the Required Lenders upon an Event of Default (other than under Sections 8.01(a), (b), (g) or (h)), in each case, the Obligations hereunder shall bear interest from the date of such Event of Default (after as well as before judgment) at a per annum rate equal to (i) in the case of amounts constituting principal, 2.00 plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in Section 2.06(a) and Section 2.06(b) or (ii) in the case of amounts constituting the aggregate principal amount of, or interest on, all LC Disbursements, 2.00 plus the rate otherwise applicable as provided in Section 2.18(h) or (iii) in the case of any other Obligations that constitute overdue amounts (including overdue interest), 2.00 plus the rate applicable to ABR Loans as provided in Section 2.06(a) (in either case, the Default Rate ). Interest Payment Dates. Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in(d) arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan; provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to Section 2.06(c) shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Revolving Loan or a Swingline Loan without a permanent reduction in Revolving Commitments), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any EurodollarSOFR Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. Interest Calculation. All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis(e) of a year of 360 days, except that interest computed by reference to the Base Rate in clause (a) of 75 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

the definition of Alternate Base Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). The applicable Alternate Base Rate or Adjusted LIBO RateTerm SOFR shall be determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and such determination shall be deemed conclusive absent manifest error. Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid within the time periods specified herein; provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall bear interest for one day. Termination and Reduction of Commitments.Section 2.07 The Term Loan Commitments shall automatically terminate upon the(a) funding of the Term Loans on the Closing Date. The Revolving Commitments, the Swingline Commitment and the LC Commitment shall automatically terminate on the Revolving Maturity Date. Optional Terminations and Reductions. At its option, the Borrower may at(b) any time terminate, or from time to time, without premium or penalty (except as provided in Section 2.13 with respect to any concurrent repayment of Revolving Loans), permanently reduce, the Commitments of any Class; provided that (i) each reduction of the Commitments of any Class shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 100,000 and not less than 250,000 and (ii) the Revolving Commitments shall not be terminated or reduced if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Revolving Loans in accordance with Section 2.10, the aggregate amount of Revolving Exposures would exceed the aggregate amount of Revolving Commitments. Borrower Notice. The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent in(c) writing of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments under Section 2.07(b) at least three (3) Business Days, or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion, prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the applicable Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.07(c) shall be irrevocable; provided that a notice of termination of the Commitments delivered by the Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of any other credit facilities or the closing of any securities offering, or the occurrence of any other event specified therein, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. With respect to the effectiveness of any such other credit facilities or the closing of any such securities offering, the Borrower may extend the date of termination at any time with the consent of the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). Any termination or reduction of the Commitments of any Class shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Commitments of any Class shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments of such Class. 76 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Interest Elections.Section 2.08 Generally. Each Revolving Borrowing and Term Loan Borrowing initially(a) shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a EurodollarSOFR Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a EurodollarSOFR Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section. The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. This Section 2.08 shall not apply to Swingline Borrowings, which may not be converted or continued. Interest Election Notice. To make an election pursuant to this Section, the(b) Borrower shall deliver, by hand delivery or facsimile or other electronic transmission if arrangements for doing so have been approved in writing (including via email) by the Administrative Agent, a duly completed and executed Interest Election Request to the Administrative Agent not later than (x) in the case of an Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a EurodollarSOFR Borrowing, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time (or such later time on such Business Day as may be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent), three (3) Business Days before the proposed effective date of such election and (y) in the case of a conversion of any Borrowing to an ABR Borrowing, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time (or such later time on such Business Day as may be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent), one (1) Business Day before the proposed effective date of such election. Each Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable. Each Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02: the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and,(i) if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, or if outstanding Borrowings are being combined, allocation to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below, as applicable, shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing); the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest(ii) Election Request, which shall be a Business Day; whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a(iii) EurodollarSOFR Borrowing; and if the resulting Borrowing is a EurodollarSOFR Borrowing, the(iv) Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period. If any such Interest Election Request requests a EurodollarSOFR Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one (1) month s duration. 77 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing. Automatic Conversion. If an Interest Election Request with respect to a(c) EurodollarSOFR Borrowing is not timely delivered prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid or prepaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be continued as a EurodollarSOFR Borrowing with an Interest Period of one month s duration. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may require, by notice to the Borrower, that (i) no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a EurodollarSOFR Borrowing, and (ii) unless repaid or prepaid, each EurodollarSOFR Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto. Amortization of Term Loans. No amortization shall be requiredSection 2.09 prior to the Term Loan Maturity Date. To the extent not previously paid, all Term Loans shall be due and payable on the Term Loan Maturity Date. Optional and Mandatory Prepayments of Loans.Section 2.10 Optional Prepayments. The Borrower shall have the right at any time and(a) from time to time to prepay Revolving Loans and Term Loans without premium or penalty (except as and to the extent provided in Section 2.10(k) or Section 2.13), subject to the requirements of this Section 2.10; provided that each partial prepayment of (x) any Term Loans shall be in a multiple of 250,000 and in an aggregate principal amount of at least 250,000, and (y) any Revolving Loans shall be in a multiple of 100,000 and not less than 250,000 or, if less, the outstanding amount of such Borrowing. Revolving Loan Prepayments.(b) In the event of the termination of all the Revolving Commitments(i) in accordance with the terms hereof, the Borrower shall, on the date of such termination, repay or prepay all of its outstanding Revolving Borrowings and all outstanding Swingline Loans and, at the Borrower s option, either replace, backstop or continue under another credit facility (on terms and conditions acceptable to the applicable Issuing Bank) all outstanding Letters of Credit or cash collateralize all outstanding Letters of Credit in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.18(i). In the event of any partial reduction of the Revolving(ii) Commitments in accordance with the terms hereof, then (x) at or prior to the effective date of such reduction, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Revolving Lenders of the sum of the Revolving Exposures after giving effect thereto and (y) if the sum of the Revolving Exposures would exceed the aggregate amount of Revolving Commitments after giving effect to such reduction, then the Borrower shall, on the date of such reduction, first, repay or prepay Swingline Loans, second, repay or prepay Revolving Borrowings and third, at the Borrower s option, either replace or 78 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

backstop (on terms and conditions acceptable to the applicable Issuing Bank) outstanding Letters of Credit or cash collateralize outstanding Letters of Credit in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.18(i), in an aggregate amount sufficient to eliminate such excess. In the event that at any time the sum of all Lenders Revolving(iii) Exposures exceeds the Revolving Commitments then in effect, the Borrower shall, without notice or demand, immediately first, repay or prepay Swingline Loans, second, repay or prepay Revolving Borrowings, and third, at the Borrower s option, either replace or backstop (on terms and conditions acceptable to the applicable Issuing Bank) outstanding Letters of Credit or cash collateralize outstanding Letters of Credit in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.18(i), in an aggregate amount sufficient to eliminate such excess. In the event that the aggregate LC Exposure exceeds the LC(iv) Sublimit then in effect, the Borrower shall, without notice or demand, immediately, at the Borrower s option, either replace or backstop (on terms and conditions acceptable to the applicable Issuing Bank) outstanding Letters of Credit or cash collateralize outstanding Letters of Credit in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.18(i), in an aggregate amount sufficient to eliminate such excess. Asset Sales. Not later than ten (10) Business Days following the receipt of(c) any Net Cash Proceeds of any Asset Sale by any Group Member (other than any issuance or sale of Equity Interests to or from any Group Member to another Group Member permitted hereunder), the Borrower shall apply an aggregate amount equal to 100 of such Net Cash Proceeds to make prepayments in accordance with Sections 2.10(i) and 2.10(j); provided that: no such prepayment shall be required under this clause (c) (A) with(i) respect to any disposition of property which constitutes a Casualty Event, or (B) to the extent the aggregate amount of Net Cash Proceeds from all such Asset Sales, together with all Casualty Events, do not exceed 4,000,000 in any twelve month period (the Asset Sale/Casualty Event Threshold and the Net Cash Proceeds in excess of the Asset Sale/Casualty Event Threshold, the Excess Net Cash Proceeds provided that, only such Excess Net Cash Proceeds shall subject to this Section 2.10(c); so long as no Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), (b), (g) or (h)(ii) shall have occurred and be continuing, such proceeds with respect to any such Asset Sale shall not be required to be so applied on such date to the extent that the Borrower shall have notified the Administrative Agent on or prior to such date stating that such Excess Net Cash Proceeds are expected to be reinvested in assets used or useful in the business of any Group Member (including pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition, Investment or Capital Expenditure) or to be contractually committed to be so reinvested, within 15 months (or within 21 months following receipt thereof if a contractual commitment to reinvest is entered into within 15 months following receipt thereof) following the date of such Asset Sale; and 79 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

if all or any portion of such Excess Net Cash Proceeds that are the(iii) subject of a notice delivered pursuant to clause (ii) immediately above is neither reinvested nor contractually committed to be so reinvested within such 15 month period (or is not actually reinvested within such additional six (6) month period, if applicable), such unused portion shall be applied within ten (10) Business Days after the last day of such period as a mandatory prepayment as provided in this Section 2.10(c). Debt Issuance. Not later than one (1) Business Day following the receipt(d) of any Net Cash Proceeds of any Debt Issuance by any Group Member (or concurrently with the receipt of Net Cash Proceeds of any Debt Issuance by any Group Member in connection with a refinancing facility under Section 2.22), the Borrower shall make prepayments in accordance with Section 2.10(i) and (j) in an aggregate principal amount equal to 100 of such Net Cash Proceeds. Casualty Events. Not later than ten (10) Business Days following the(e) receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds from a Casualty Event by any Group Member, the Borrower shall apply an amount equal to 100 of such Net Cash Proceeds to make prepayments in accordance with Section 2.10(i) and (j); provided that no such prepayment shall be required under this clause (e) (A) with(i) respect to any disposition of property which constitutes an Asset Sale, or (B) to the extent the aggregate amount of Net Cash Proceeds from all such Casualty Events, together with Asset Sales, do not exceed the Asset Sale/Casualty Event Threshold in any twelve month period; provided that, only such Excess Net Cash Proceeds shall subject to this Section 2.10(e)), so long as no Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), (b), (g) or (h)(ii) shall have occurred and be continuing, the Borrower shall have notified the Administrative Agent on or prior to such date stating that such proceeds in excess of the Casualty Event Threshold are expected (x) to be used to repair, replace or restore any Property in respect of which such Net Cash Proceeds were paid or to reinvest in other fixed or Capital Assets or assets that are otherwise used or useful in the business of the Group Members (including pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition, investment or Capital Expenditure), or (y) to be contractually committed to be so reinvested, in each case, no later than 15 months (or within 21 months following receipt thereof if such contractual commitment to reinvest has been entered into within 15 months following receipt thereof) following the date of receipt of such proceeds; and if all or any portion of such Excess Net Cash Proceeds that are the(iii) subject of a notice delivered pursuant to clause (i) immediately above is neither reinvested nor contractually committed to be so reinvested within such 15 month period (or is not actually reinvested within such additional six (6) month period, if applicable), such unused portion shall be applied within ten (10) Business Days after the last day of such period as a mandatory prepayment as provided in this Section 2.10(e). [Reserved].(f) 80 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

[Reserved].(g) Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) to the extent that any or all of the Net(h) Cash Proceeds of any Asset Sale by a Foreign Subsidiary (or a U.S. Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary) (a Foreign Disposition or the Net Cash Proceeds of any Casualty Event from a Foreign Subsidiary (or a U.S. Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary) (a Foreign Casualty Event ), in each case giving rise to a prepayment event pursuant to clause (c) or (e) are or is prohibited, restricted or materially delayed by applicable local law, rule or regulation (including, without limitation, financial assistance and corporate benefit restrictions and fiduciary and statutory duties of any director or officer of such Subsidiaries) from being repatriated to the Borrower or so prepaid or such repatriation or prepayment would present a material liability for the applicable Subsidiary or its directors or officers (or gives rise to a material breach of fiduciary or statutory duties by any director or officer), the portion of such Net Cash Proceeds so affected will not be required to be applied to repay Loans at the times provided in this Section 2.10 but may be retained by the applicable Foreign Subsidiary and (ii) to the extent that the Borrower has determined in good faith that repatriation of any or all of the Net Cash Proceeds of any Foreign Disposition or any Foreign Casualty Event, in each case giving rise to a prepayment event pursuant to clause (c) or (e) would result in material adverse tax consequences, the Net Cash Proceeds so affected will not be required to be applied to repay Loans at the times provided in this Section 2.10 but may be retained by the applicable Foreign Subsidiary. The non-application of any such prepayment amounts as a result of the foregoing provisions will not constitute a Default or an Event of Default and such amounts shall be available for working capital purposes of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as long as not required to be prepaid in accordance with the following provisions. The Borrower shall not be required to monitor any Payment Block and/or reserve cash for future repatriation after the Borrower has notified the Administrative Agent of the existence of such Payment Block. Application of Prepayments. Prior to any optional or mandatory(i) prepayment hereunder, the Borrower shall select the Borrowing or Borrowings to be prepaid and shall specify such selection in the notice of such prepayment pursuant to Section 2.10(j), subject to the provisions of this Section 2.10(i). Subject to Section 2.10(k) below, all optional prepayments will be applied pro rata amongst each Tranche of outstanding Term Loans and, if applicable, Incremental Term Loans and, within each Tranche, as directed by the Borrower (and absent such direction, in direct order of maturity thereof). Any prepayments pursuant to Section 2.10(b), (c), (d) and (e) (or any equivalent provision applicable to any Tranche of Loans extended hereunder after the Closing Date), shall be applied pro rata amongst each Tranche of outstanding Term Loans and, if applicable, Incremental Term Loans and, within each Tranche, first, to accrued interest and fees with respect to Term Loans and, if applicable, Incremental Term Loans being prepaid and second, to reduce the remaining principal amount of such Term Loans and Incremental Term Loans. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, with respect to any prepayment under Section 2.10(c) or (e), the Borrower may use a portion of the Net Cash Proceeds to prepay or repurchase Permitted Pari Passu Refinancing Debt and any other senior Indebtedness in each case secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the Liens securing the Obligations (the Applicable Other Indebtedness to the extent required pursuant to the terms of the documentation governing such Applicable Other Indebtedness, in which case, the amount of the 81 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

prepayment required to be offered with respect to such Net Cash Proceeds pursuant to Section 2.10(c) or (e) shall be deemed to be the amount equal to the product of (x) the amount of such Net Cash Proceeds multiplied by (y) a fraction, the numerator of which is the outstanding principal amount of Loans required to be prepaid pursuant to Section 2.10(c) or (e) and the denominator of which is the sum of the outstanding principal amount of Loans required to be prepaid pursuant to Section 2.10(c) or (e) and the outstanding principal amount of such Applicable Other Indebtedness required to be prepaid pursuant to the corresponding provisions of such Applicable Other Indebtedness. Notice of Prepayment. The Borrower shall notify the Administrative(j) Agent (and, in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, the Swingline Lender) by written notice of any prepayment hereunder (i) in the case of prepayments of a EurodollarSOFR Borrowing, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the date of prepayment (or such later time as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent), (ii) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 12:00 p.m. New York City time two (2) Business Days prior to the date of prepayment (or such later time as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent) and (iii) in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, on the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable; provided that a notice of prepayment delivered by the Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of any such other credit facilities or the closing of any such securities offering, or the occurrence of any other event specified therein, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. With respect to the effectiveness of any such other credit facilities or the closing of any such securities offering, the Borrower may extend the date of prepayment at any time with the consent of the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). Each such notice shall specify the Borrowing to be repaid, the prepayment date, the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid and, in the case of a mandatory prepayment, a reasonably detailed calculation of the amount of such prepayment. Promptly following receipt of any such notice (other than a notice relating solely to Swingline Loans), the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of a Credit Extension of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02, except as necessary to apply fully the required amount of a mandatory prepayment. Each prepayment of a Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing and otherwise in accordance with this Section 2.10. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.06. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Lender may reject all or a portion of its pro rata share of any mandatory prepayment (such declined amounts, the Declined Proceeds of Loans required to be made pursuant to clauses (c), (d) (other than mandatory prepayments with the proceeds of Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness) and (e) of this Section 2.10 by providing written notice (each, a Rejection Notice to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower no later than 5:00 p.m. one (1) Business Day prior to the date of such prepayment. Each Rejection Notice from a given Lender shall specify the principal amount of the mandatory prepayment of Loans to be rejected by such Lender. If a Lender fails to deliver a Rejection Notice to the Administrative Agent within the time frame specified above or such Rejection Notice fails to specify the principal amount of the Loans to be rejected, any such failure will be deemed an acceptance of 82 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

the total amount of such mandatory repayment of Loans. Any Declined Proceeds may be retained by the Borrower or otherwise applied as directed by the Borrower. Loan Call Protection.(k) All (i) optional prepayments of the Term Loans pursuant to Section(i) 2.10(a) and (ii) all mandatory prepayments and repayments of the Term Loans pursuant to Sections 2.10(c) (but only if the asset sale giving rise to such repayment constituted the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries), (d) or (e) (but only if the casualty event giving rise to such repayment constituted the loss of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries) or (iii) otherwise following any acceleration of the Obligations, in each case, made or required to be made prior to the second anniversary of the Closing Date (whether before or after an Event of Default, an acceleration of the Obligations or the commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding), shall be subject to a premium (to be paid to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders as liquidated damages and compensation for the costs of being prepared to make funds available hereunder with respect to the Term Loans) equal to the Applicable Prepayment Premium. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, to the extent that any Non-Consenting Lender is replaced pursuant to Section 10.02(e) due to such Lender s failure to approve a consent, waiver or amendment, as the case may be, such Non-Consenting Lender shall be entitled to receive a premium in connection with such replacement or prepayment in the amount that would have been payable in respect of the Term Loans of such Non-Consenting Lender, as applicable, under this clause (k) had such Term Loans been the subject of a voluntary prepayment at such time. On or after the second anniversary of the Closing Date, no premiums shall be payable pursuant to this Section 2.10(k) in connection with any prepayments of the Term Loan. The Applicable Prepayment Premium shall be fully earned and payable with respect to the full outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans at the time of any acceleration or commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding or termination prior to the second anniversary of the Closing Date. The Applicable Prepayment Premium, if any, shall constitute part of the Obligations. In view of the impracticability and extreme difficulty of ascertaining actual damages and by mutual agreement of the parties as to a reasonable calculation of each Lender s lost profits as a result thereof, any Applicable Prepayment Premium payable shall be presumed to by the liquidated damages sustained by each Lender as the result of the early termination and/or repayment of the Term Loans and Borrower agrees that it is reasonable under the circumstances currently existing. [Reserved.](ii) The Applicable Prepayment Premium, if any, shall also be payable(iii) in the event the Obligations (and/or this Agreement or the Notes evidencing the Obligations) are satisfied or released by foreclosure (whether by power of judicial proceeding, deed in lieu of foreclosure or by any other means). THE BORROWER EXPRESSLY WAIVES THE PROVISIONS OF ANY PRESENT OR FUTURE STATUTE OR LAW THAT PROHIBITS OR MAY PROHIBIT THE COLLECTION OF THE FOREGOING PREPAYMENT PREMIUM IN CONNECTION WITH ANY 83 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

ACCELERATION OF THE TERM LOANS. Borrower expressly acknowledges: (A) the Applicable Prepayment Premium is reasonable and is the product of an arm s length transaction between sophisticated business people, ably represented by counsel; (B) the Applicable Prepayment Premium shall be payable notwithstanding the then-prevailing market rates at the time payment is made; (C) there has been a course of conduct between the Lenders and Borrower giving specific consideration in this transaction for such agreement to pay the Applicable Prepayment Premium; and (D) Borrower shall be estopped hereafter from claiming differently than as agreed to in this Section 2.10(k). Borrower expressly acknowledge that their agreement to pay the Applicable Prepayment Premium to the Lenders as herein described is a material inducement to the Lenders to provide the Commitments and make the Term Loans. Alternate Rate of InterestBenchmark Replacement. If prior to theSection 2.11 commencement of any Interest Period for a Eurodollar Borrowing: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan(a) Document, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event will become effective at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after Administrative Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all affected Lenders and the Borrower so long as Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such amendment from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. No replacement of a Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Section 2.11 will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date; Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the(b) use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower, will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations. Administrative(c) Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. Administrative Agent will notify the Borrower of (x) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to Section 2.11(d) and (y) the commencement of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.11, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.11. 84 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

(a) the Administrative Agent determines in good faith and in its reasonable(d) discretion (which determination shall be deemed presumptively correct absent manifest error) that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted LIBO Rate for such Interest Period;Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. (b) the Administrative Agent determines in good faith and in its reasonable discretion or is advised in writing by the Required Lenders (which determination shall be deemed presumptively correct absent manifest error) that Dollar deposits are not being offered to banks in the London interbank eurodollar market for the applicable amount and Interest Period of such Eurodollar Loan; or (c) the Administrative Agent determines in good faith and in its reasonable discretion or is advised in writing by the Required Lenders that the Adjusted LIBO Rate for such Interest Period will Benchmark Unavailability Period. Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice(e) of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a SOFR Loan of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for Base Rate Loans or conversion to Base Rate Loans. During a Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of Base Rate. Subject to this Section 2.11, if (i) the Administrative Agent reasonably(f) determines (which determination shall be binding and conclusive on Borrower) that, by reason of circumstances affecting the market for SOFR based loans, adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable Adjusted Term SOFR, then Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders and Borrower thereof or (ii) the Required Lenders determine that for any reason in connection with any request for a SOFR Loan or a conversion thereto or a 85 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

continuation thereof that Adjusted Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed SOFR Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Loans included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period; then, the Administrative Agent shall give written notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist (which notice shall be delivered by the Administrative Agent within five (5) Business Days after such situation ceases to exist) (i) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Eurodollar Borrowing shall be ineffective and (ii) if any Borrowing Request requests a Eurodollar Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be made as an ABR Borrowing; provided that the Borrower may revoke any such Borrowing Request (without penalty) prior to such Borrowing upon written notice to the Administrative Agent. (a) If at any time the Administrative Agent determines in good faith (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that either (i) the circumstances set forth in subparagraph (a) of this Section 2.11 have arisen and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary or (ii) the circumstances set forth in subparagraph (a) of this Section 2.11 have not arisen but the supervisor for the administrator of the LIBO Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which the LIBO Rate shall no longer be used for determining interest rates for loans (in the case of either such clause (i) or (ii), an Alternative Interest Rate Election Event ), the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall endeavor to establish an alternate rate of interest to the LIBO Rate that gives due consideration to the then prevailing market convention for determining a rate of interest for leveraged syndicated loans in the United States at such time, and shall enter into an amendment to this Agreement to reflect such alternate rate of interest and such other related changes to this Agreement as may be applicable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 10.02, such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement so long as the Administrative Agent shall not have received, within five (5) Business Days after the date notice of such alternate rate of interest is provided to the Lenders, a written notice from Required Lenders stating that they object to such amendment (which amendment shall not be effective prior to the end of such five (5) Business Day notice period). To the extent an alternate rate of interest is adopted as contemplated hereby, the approved rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with prevailing market convention; provided that, to the extent such prevailing market convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such approved rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. From such time as an Alternative Interest Rate Election Event has occurred and continuing until an alternate rate of interest has been determined in accordance with the terms and conditions of this paragraph, (x) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Eurodollar Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Eurodollar Borrowing shall be ineffective, and (y) if any Borrowing Request requests a Eurodollar Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be made as an ABR Borrowing; provided that, to the extent such Alternative Interest Rate Election Event is as a result of clause (ii) above in this subparagraph (b), then clauses (x) and (y) of this sentence shall apply during such period only if the LIBO Rate for such Interest Period is not available or published at such time on a current basis. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, if such alternate rate of interest as determined in this subparagraph (b) is 86 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

determined to be less than 1.00 per annum, such rate shall be deemed to be 1.00 per annum for the purposes of this Agreement.and maintaining such Loan, and the Required Lenders have provided notice of such determination to Administrative Agent, in each case, so long as such circumstances shall continue, (a) no Lender shall be under any obligation to make or convert any Base Rate Loans into SOFR Loans and (b) on the last day of the current Interest Period for any SOFR Loan, such Loan shall, unless then repaid in full, automatically convert to a ABR Loan. Yield Protection.Section 2.12 Increased Costs Generally. If any Change in Law shall:(a) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit,(i) compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in, by any Lender (except any reserve requirement reflected in the Adjusted LIBO Rate) or the Issuing Bank; subject the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Bank(ii) to any Tax of any kind whatsoever with respect to this Agreement, any Letter of Credit, any participation in a Letter of Credit, or any Loan made by it, or change the basis of taxation of payments to such Administrative Agent or Lender or the Issuing Bank in respect thereof (in each case, except for (A) Indemnified Taxes or (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes); or impose on the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Issuing(iii) Bank or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than any Taxes) affecting this Agreement or EurodollarSOFR Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting or maintaining any EurodollarSOFR Loan or any other Loan in the case of clause (ii) (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan), or to increase the cost to such Lender, the Issuing Bank or such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company, if any, of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or the Issuing Bank hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount), then, upon written request of the Administrative Agent, such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as applicable, the Borrower will pay to the Administrative Agent, such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate the Administrative Agent, such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. Capital Requirements. If any Lender or the Issuing Bank determines (in(b) good faith, in its reasonable discretion) that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or the Issuing Bank or any lending office of such Lender or such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s capital or on the capital of such 87 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by the Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or the Issuing Bank or such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company, if any, would have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s policies and the policies of such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company, if any, with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the Issuing Bank or such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company, if any, for any such reduction suffered. Certificates for Reimbursement. A certificate of the Administrative(c) Agent, a Lender or the Issuing Bank, as applicable, setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate the Administrative Agent, such Lender or the Issuing Bank or their respective holding companies, as the case may be, as specified in clause (a) or (b) of this Section 2.12, and setting forth in reasonable detail the calculation of the amount owed and the basis for the claim shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be deemed presumptively correct absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay the Administrative Agent, such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) Business Days after receipt thereof. Delay in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of the Administrative(d) Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 2.12 shall not constitute a waiver of the Administrative Agent s, such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or the Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section 2.12 for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than 180 days prior to the date that the Administrative Agent, such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions pursuant to the certificate to be delivered in subsection (c) above and of the Administrative Agent, such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180 day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). Funding Losses.Section 2.13 Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Borrower shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of: any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any(a) EurodollarSOFR Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Loan; or any failure by the Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such(b) Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Loan (other than an ABR Loan) on the date or in the amount notified by the Borrower including any loss or expense arising 88 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained. For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the Borrower to the Lenders under this Section 2.13, each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each Eurodollar Loan made by it at the LIBO Rate for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the London interbank eurodollar market for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such Eurodollar Loan was in fact so funded.A certificate in reasonable detail as to the calculation of any amounts payable pursuant hereto submitted to the Borrower by Administrative Agent or any Lender shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. This obligation shall survive the termination of this Agreement, the expiration, cancellation or payment of any Letter of Credit, and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Setoffs.Section 2.14 Payments Generally. The Borrower shall make each payment required to(a) be made by it hereunder or under any other Loan Document (whether of principal, interest, fees or Reimbursement Obligations, or of amounts payable under Sections 2.12, 2.13, 2.15 or 10.03, or otherwise) on or before the time expressly required hereunder or under such other Loan Document for such payment (or, if no such time is expressly required, prior to 3:00 p.m., New York City time), on the date when due, in immediately available funds, free and clear of, and without condition or deduction for, recoupment or setoff. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent to the applicable account designated to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent, except payments to be made directly to the Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.12, 2.13, 2.15 and 10.03 shall be made directly to the persons entitled thereto and payments pursuant to other Loan Documents shall be made to the persons specified therein. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment under any Loan Document shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, unless specified otherwise, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments under each Loan Document shall be made in U.S. dollars. Pro Rata Treatment.(b) Other than as permitted by Section 2.16(b), Section 2.20, Section(i) 2.21, Section 2.22, Section 10.02(e), Section 10.02(f) and Section 10.04, subject to the express provisions of this Agreement which require, or permit, differing payments to be made to non-Defaulting Lenders as opposed to Defaulting Lenders, each payment by the Borrower of interest in respect of the Loans shall be applied to the amounts of such obligations owing to the Lenders pro rata according to the respective amounts then due and owing to the Lenders. 89 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Other than as permitted by Section 2.20, Section 2.21, Section(ii) 2.22, Section 10.02 and Section 10.04, subject to the express provisions of this Agreement which require, or permit, differing payments to be made to non-Defaulting Lenders as opposed to Defaulting Lenders, (A) each payment by the Borrower on account of principal of the Term Loans shall be allocated among the Term Loan Lenders pro rata based on the principal amount of the Term Loans held by the Term Loan Lenders; (B) each payment by the Borrower on account of principal of the Revolving Borrowings shall be made pro rata according to the respective outstanding principal amounts of the Revolving Loans then held by the Revolving Lenders; and (C) each permanent reduction in Revolving Commitments shall be pro rata according to the respective Revolving Commitments then held by the Revolving Lenders. Insufficient Funds. If at any time insufficient funds are received by and(c) available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, Reimbursement Obligations, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, toward payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second, toward payment of principal and Reimbursement Obligations then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and Reimbursement Obligations then due to such parties. It is understood that the foregoing does not apply to any adequate protection payments under any federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar proceeding, and that the Administrative Agent may, subject to any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar orders, distribute any adequate protection payments it receives on behalf of the Lenders to the Lenders in its sole discretion (i.e., whether to pay the earliest accrued interest, all accrued interest on a pro rata basis or otherwise). Sharing of Setoff. Subject to the terms of any Intercreditor Agreement, if(d) any Lender (and/or the Issuing Bank, which shall be deemed a Lender for purposes of this Section 2.14(d)) shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans or other Obligations resulting in such Lender s receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans and accrued interest thereon or other Obligations greater than its pro rata share thereof as provided herein, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans and such other obligations of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans and other amounts owing them; provided that: if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of(i) the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest; and the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to(ii) any payment (x) made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or (y) obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment 90 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans to any assignee or participant other than to any Group Member (as to which the provisions of this Section 2.14 shall apply (unless obtained by such Group Member in accordance with of this Agreement)). Each Credit Party consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable Requirements of Law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Credit Party rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Credit Party in the amount of such participation. If under applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or any similar law any Secured Party receives a secured claim in lieu of a setoff or counterclaim to which this Section 2.14(d) applies, such Secured Party shall to the extent practicable, exercise its rights in respect of such secured claim in a manner consistent with the rights to which the Secured Party is entitled under this Section 2.14(d) to share in the benefits of the recovery of such secured claim. Borrower Default. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received(e) notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the Issuing Bank hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or the Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. Obligations of Lenders Several. The obligations of the Lenders hereunder(f) to make Loans, to fund participations in Letters of Credit and to make payments pursuant to Section 10.03(c) are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan, to fund any such participation or to make any payment under Section 10.03(c) on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loans, to purchase its participation or to make its payment under Section 10.03(c). Taxes.Section 2.15 Payments Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any(a) obligation of the Credit Parties hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without reduction, deduction or withholding for any Taxes Tax Withholdings provided that if any Taxes are required by any applicable Requirements of Law to be withheld or deducted in respect of any such payments by any applicable Withholding Agent (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent), then (i) in the case of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the relevant Credit Party shall be increased as necessary so that after all such Tax Withholdings have been made (including deductions or 91 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.15), each Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such Tax Withholdings been made (including such Tax Withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.15) (such additional sums being the Additional Amount ), (ii) the applicable Withholding Agent shall make such Tax Withholdings, and (iii) the applicable Withholding Agent shall timely pay the full amount of the Tax Withholdings to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with the applicable Requirements of Law. Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower. Without limiting the provisions(b) of clause (a) above, the Borrower shall timely pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. Indemnification by the Borrower. Without duplication for any Additional(c) Amounts or Other Taxes paid pursuant to Sections 2.15(a) or (b), the Credit Parties shall indemnify and hold harmless (on a joint and several basis) each Recipient, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.15) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Recipient (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Recipient, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Evidence of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes(d) by any Credit Party pursuant to this Section 2.15 to a Governmental Authority, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the Tax Return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. Status of Lenders.(e) Any Recipient that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of(i) withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and to the Administrative Agent, whenever reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and duly executed documentation prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, (x) to determine whether or not any payments made under any Loan Document are subject to Tax Withholdings or information reporting requirements and (y) to determine, if applicable, the required rate of Tax Withholdings. In addition, any Recipient, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Recipient is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding sentence, the completion, execution and submission of such 92 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

documentation and information (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.15(e)(ii)(A)(1)-(4), Section 2.15(e)(ii)(B) and Section 2.15(e)(ii)(C) below) shall not be required if in the Recipient s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Recipient to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Recipient. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that(ii) the Borrower is a U.S. Borrower: each Recipient that is a Foreign Lender, shall deliver to the(A) Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or about the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Recipient under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits(1) of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, properly completed and duly executed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable, claiming eligibility for benefits under the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty, properly completed and duly executed copies of(2) Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI, as applicable, in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits(3) of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) properly completed and duly executed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial(4) owner (for example, where the Foreign Lender is a partnership or a participating Lender granting a participation), properly completed and duly executed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8IMY, accompanied by a Form W-8ECI, W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E, U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate, substantially in the form of Exhibit H-2 or Exhibit H-3, Form 93 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable (provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes (and not a participating Lender) and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, the U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate may be provided by such Foreign Lender substantially in the form of Exhibit H-4 on behalf of such direct or indirect partners), or any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally(5) entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or about the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), execute copies of any other form prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax duly completed together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law to permit the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to determine any withholding or deduction required to be made; each Recipient that is not a Foreign Lender shall deliver to(B) the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or about the date on which such Recipient becomes a Recipient under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent) two properly completed and duly executed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 certifying that such Recipient is exempt from United States federal backup withholding; if a payment made to a Recipient under any Loan(C) Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Recipient were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Recipient shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA, to determine whether such Recipient has complied with such Recipient s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount (if any) to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (C), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement; 94 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 2.15(e),(D) a Recipient shall not be required to deliver any documentation or information that such Recipient is not legally eligible or entitled to deliver; and each such Recipient shall, from time to time after the initial(E) delivery by such Recipient of any form or certificate, whenever a lapse in time or change in such Recipient s circumstances renders such form or certificate (including any specific form or certificate required in this Section 2.15(e)) so delivered obsolete, expired or inaccurate in any material respect, promptly (i) update such form or certificate or (ii) notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal ineligibility to do so. On or before the date the Administrative Agent (or any successor(iii) or replacement Administrative Agent) becomes the Administrative Agent hereunder, it shall deliver to the Borrower two duly executed copies of either (i) Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or any successor forms) certifying that it is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax or (ii) a U.S. branch withholding certificate on Internal Revenue Service Form W-8IMY evidencing its agreement with the Borrower to be treated as a U.S. Person (with respect to amounts received on account of any Lender Party) and Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI (with respect to amounts received on its own account), with the effect that, in either case, the Borrower will be entitled to make payments hereunder to the Administrative Agent without withholding or deduction on account of U.S. federal withholding Tax. The Administrative Agent agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification. Treatment of Certain Refunds. If any party determines, in its sole(f) discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Credit Parties or on account of which the Credit Parties have paid Additional Amounts pursuant to this Section 2.15, it shall pay to the Credit Parties an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or Additional Amounts paid, by the Credit Parties under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such party, as the case may be, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund); provided that the Credit Parties, upon the request of such indemnified party, agree to repay to such indemnified party any such amount pursuant to this clause (f) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this clause (f), in no event will such indemnified party be required to pay any amount to the Credit Parties pursuant to this clause (f), the payment of which would place such party, as applicable, in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification (or the payment of Additional Amounts) and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or imposed and the indemnification payments (or Additional Amounts) with respect to such Tax had never been paid. Nothing herein contained shall to make available its Tax Returns (or disclose any information relating to its Tax affairs or any computations in respect thereof that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 95 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Survival. Each party s obligations under this Section 2.15 shall survive the(g) resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. For purposes of this Section 2.15, any payments by the Administrative Agent to a Lender of any amounts received by the Administrative Agent from any Credit Party on behalf of such Lender shall be treated as a payment from such Credit Party to such Lender. For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of this Section 2.15, the term(h) Lender shall include the Issuing Bank. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders.Section 2.16 Designation of a Different Lending Office. If any Lender requests(a) compensation under Section 2.12, or requires the Borrower to pay any Indemnified Taxes or Additional Amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.15, then such Lender shall (at the request of the Borrower) use commercially reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates or to file any certificate or document reasonably required by the Borrower, if, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment or filing (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.12 or 2.15, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. A certificate setting forth in reasonable detail the calculation of such costs and expenses submitted by such Lender to the Borrower shall be deemed presumptively correct absent manifest error. Replacement of Lenders. If (i) any Lender or the Administrative Agent(b) requests compensation under Section 2.12, or (ii) the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or Additional Amount to any Lender or the Administrative Agent or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender or the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.15, and such Lender or the Administrative Agent declined or is unable to designate a different lending office in accordance with Section 2.16(a), or if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender or a Non-Consenting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort and option, upon notice to any applicable Lender and the Administrative Agent, (A) require any such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.04), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Section 2.12 or Section 2.15 arising with respect to any period prior to such assignment) and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), (B) pay off in full all of the Loans and any other Obligations owed to any such Lender, (C) if applicable, terminate any such Lender s Commitments and/or (D) if applicable, upon at least ten (10) days prior notice, require the Administrative Agent to resign in accordance with Section 9.06; provided that: 96 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

in the case of clause (A), unless waived by the Administrative(i) Agent, the Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the processing and recordation fee specified in Section 10.04(b), if any, such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the(ii) outstanding principal of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts (including any amount pursuant to Section 2.10(k)) payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Sections 2.12, 2.13 and 2.15, assuming for this purpose (in the case of a Lender being replaced as the result of a claim or payment under Sections 2.12 or 2.15) that the Loans of such Lender were being prepaid) from the assignee or the Borrower; in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for(iii) compensation under Section 2.12 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.15, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; and in the case of clause (A), such assignment does not conflict with(iv) applicable Requirements of Law. Each Lender agrees that, if the Borrower elects to replace such Lender in accordance with this Section 2.16(b), it shall promptly execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption to evidence the assignment and shall deliver to the Administrative Agent any Note (if Notes have been issued in respect of such Lender s Loans) subject to such Assignment and Assumption; provided that the failure of any such Lender to execute an Assignment and Assumption shall not render such assignment invalid and such assignment shall be in full force and effect and shall be recorded in the Register. Swingline LoansSection 2.17 Swingline Commitment. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth(a) herein, the Swingline Lender agrees to make Swingline Loans to Borrower from time to time on any Business Day during the Revolving Availability Period, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in (and upon each such Borrowing of Swingline Loans, Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that such Borrowing will not result in) (i) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swingline Loans exceeding the Swingline Commitment or (ii) the sum of the total Revolving Exposures exceeding the total Revolving Commitments; provided that the Swingline Lender shall not be required to make a Swingline Loan to refinance, in whole or in part, an outstanding Swingline Loan. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, Borrower may borrow, repay and reborrow Swingline Loans. Swingline Loans. To request a Swingline Loan, Borrower shall hand(b) deliver or transmit by facsimile transmission (or transmit by other electronic transmission if arrangements for doing so have been approved in writing by the Administrative Agent), a duly completed and executed Borrowing Request to the Administrative Agent and the Swingline Lender, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Business Day of a proposed 97 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Swingline Loan. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the requested date (which shall be a Business Day), the amount of the requested Swingline Loan, the location and number of Borrower s account to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of Section 2.02(c), and that the conditions set forth in Sections 4.02(b) and (c) are satisfied as of the date of the notice. Each Swingline Loan shall be (and maintained as) an ABR Loan. The Swingline Lender shall make each Swingline Loan available to Borrower by means of a credit to the general deposit account of Borrower with the Swingline Lender, if any, or otherwise to an account as directed by Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request (or, in the case of a Swingline Loan made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.18(e), by remittance to the Issuing Bank). The Swingline Lender shall endeavor to fund each Swingline Loan by 3:00 p.m., New York City time and shall in all events fund each Swingline Loan by no later than 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the requested date of such Swingline Loan. Borrower shall not request a Swingline Loan if at the time of or immediately after giving effect to the Credit Extension contemplated by such request a Default has occurred and is continuing or would immediately thereafter result therefrom. Swingline Loans shall be made in minimum amounts of 250,000 and integral multiples of 100,000 above such amount. Prepayment. Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to(c) time to repay any Swingline Loan, in whole or in part, upon giving written notice to the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent before 12:00 p.m., New York City time, on the proposed date of repayment. Participations. The Swingline Lender may at any time in its discretion by(d) written notice given to the Administrative Agent (provided such notice requirements shall not apply if the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent are the same entity) not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next succeeding Business Day following such notice require the Revolving Lenders to acquire participations on such Business Day in all or a portion of the Swingline Loans then outstanding. Such notice shall specify the aggregate amount of Swingline Loans in which Revolving Lenders will participate. Promptly upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent will give notice thereof to each Revolving Lender, specifying in such notice such Revolving Lender s Pro Rata Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Each Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, upon receipt of notice as provided above, to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Swingline Lender, such Lender s Pro Rata Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this Section 2.17(d) is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever (so long as such payment shall not cause such Lender s Revolving Exposure to exceed such Lender s Revolving Commitment). Each Revolving Lender shall comply with its obligation under this Section 2.17(d) by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.02(c) with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.02 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the payment obligations of the Revolving Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the Swingline Lender the amounts so received by it from the Revolving Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify Borrower of any participations in any Swingline Loan acquired by the Revolving Lenders pursuant to this Section 2.17(d), and thereafter payments in respect of 98 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

such Swingline Loan shall be made to the Administrative Agent and not to the Swingline Lender. Any amounts received by the Swingline Lender from Borrower (or other party on behalf of Borrower) in respect of a Swingline Loan after receipt by the Swingline Lender of the proceeds of a sale of participations therein shall be promptly remitted to the Administrative Agent. Any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent shall be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Revolving Lenders that shall have made their payments pursuant to this Section 2.17(d), as their interests may appear. The purchase of participations in a Swingline Loan pursuant to this Section 2.17(d) shall not relieve Borrower of any default in the payment thereof. Resignation or Removal of the Swingline Lender. The Swingline Lender(e) may resign as the Swingline Lender hereunder at any time upon at least 30 days prior written notice to the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and Borrower. Following such notice of resignation, the Swingline Lender may be replaced at any time by written agreement among Borrower (with Borrower s agreement not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), the Administrative Agent and the successor Swingline Lender. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of the Swingline Lender. At the time any such resignation or replacement shall become effective, Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Swingline Lender. From and after the effective date of any such resignation or replacement, (i) the successor Swingline Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of the Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans to be made by it thereafter and (ii) references herein and in the other Loan Documents to the term Swingline Lender shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Swingline Lender, or to such successor and all previous Swingline Lenders, as the context shall require. After the resignation or replacement of the Swingline Lender hereunder, the replaced Swingline Lender shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of the Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made by it prior to such resignation or replacement, but shall not be required to make additional Swingline Loans. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.17(e) or otherwise, the Swingline Lender may not resign until such time as a successor Swingline Lender has been appointed. Letters of Credit.Section 2.18 General. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower(a) may request the Issuing Bank to, and the Issuing Bank agrees to, issue Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars for the account of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower (provided that the Borrower shall be a co-applicant, and be jointly and severally liable, with respect to each Letter of Credit issued for the account of any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower) upon delivery to the relevant Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent (at least ten (10) Business Days in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension) an LC Request requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, and specifying the requested date of issuance of such Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day) and, as applicable, specifying the date of amendment, renewal or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire, the amount of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit. The Issuing Bank shall have no obligation to issue, and the 99 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Borrower shall not request the issuance of, any Letter of Credit at any time if after giving effect to such issuance the LC Exposure would exceed the LC Sublimit or the total Revolving Exposure would exceed the Total Revolving Commitment. If requested by the Issuing Bank, the Borrower also shall submit a letter of credit application on the Issuing Bank s standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit; provided that in the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application or other agreement submitted by the Borrower to, or entered into by the Borrower with, the Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. Request for Issuance, Amendment, Renewal, Extension; Certain(b) Conditions and Notices. To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit or the amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall deliver by hand, facsimile or other electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Issuing Bank in writing (including via e-mail), an LC Request to the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. New York City time ten (10) Business Days preceding the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (or such later date and time as is acceptable to the Issuing Bank). A request for an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit shall specify, in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Issuing Bank: the proposed issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which(i) shall be a Business Day); the stated or face amount thereof;(ii) the expiry date thereof (which shall be determined in accordance(iii) with Section 2.18(c) below); the name and address of the beneficiary thereof;(iv) whether the Letter of Credit is to be issued for the Borrower s own(v) account, or for the account of one of the Borrower s Restricted Subsidiaries (provided that the Borrower shall be the applicant with respect to each Letter of Credit issued for the account of any of the Borrower s Restricted Subsidiaries); the documents to be presented by such beneficiary in connection(vi) with any drawing thereunder; the full text of any certificate to be presented by such beneficiary in(vii) connection with any drawing thereunder; and such other matters as the Issuing Bank may reasonably require.(viii) 100 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

A request for an amendment, renewal or extension of any outstanding Letter of Credit shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Issuing Bank: the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended;(ix) the proposed date of amendment, renewal or extension thereof(x) (which shall be a Business Day); the nature of the proposed amendment, renewal or extension; and(xi) such other matters as the Issuing Bank reasonably may require.(xii) A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if (and, upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, (i) the LC Exposure shall not exceed the LC Sublimit, (ii) the total Revolving Exposures shall not exceed the Total Revolving Commitment and (iii) the conditions set forth in Article IV in respect of such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension shall have been satisfied; provided, however, that an Issuing Bank may permit the renewal of an Auto-Renewal Letter of Credit in accordance with Section 2.18(c)(ii) below. Unless the Issuing Bank shall agree otherwise, no Letter of Credit shall be in an initial amount less than 100,000 (or such lesser amount as approved by the Issuing Bank). Upon the issuance of any Letter of Credit or amendment, renewal, extension or modification of a Letter of Credit, the Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent in writing (and in the case of an issuance of a new Letter of Credit, or an increase or decrease in the stated amount of an existing Letter of Credit, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Revolving Lender, thereof), which notice shall be accompanied by a copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment, renewal, extension or modification to a Letter of Credit (and in the case of an issuance of a new Letter of Credit, or an increase or decrease in the stated amount of an existing Letter of Credit, the notice to each Revolving Lender shall include a copy of such Letter of Credit also and the amount of each such Revolving Lender s respective participation in such Letter of Credit pursuant to Section 2.18(d)). Expiration Date.(c) Each Letter of Credit shall expire at the close of business on the(i) Business Day that is the earlier of (x) a date which is not more than one (1) year after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any renewal or extension thereof, one (1) year after such renewal or extension) and (y) the Letter of Credit Expiration Date; provided, however, the Issuing Bank, in its sole discretion, may agree to extend such Letter of Credit beyond the Letter of Credit Expiration Date (the LC Extension upon the Borrower either (i) providing the Issuing Bank funds equal to 103 of the LC Exposure with respect to such Letter of Credit for deposit in a cash collateral account which cash collateral account will be held by the Issuing Bank as a pledged cash collateral account and applied to reimbursement of all drafts submitted under such outstanding Letter of Credit or (ii) delivering to the Issuing Bank one or more letters of 101 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

credit for the benefit of the Issuing Bank to backstop such outstanding Letter of Credit, issued by a bank reasonably acceptable to the Issuing Bank in its sole discretion, each in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Issuing Bank in its sole discretion, unless the applicable Issuing Bank notifies the beneficiary thereof at least thirty (30) days (or such longer period as may be specified in such Letter of Credit) prior to the then applicable expiration date that such Letter of Credit will not be renewed. If the Borrower so requests in any LC Request for a Letter of(ii) Credit, the Issuing Bank may, in its sole and absolute discretion, agree to issue a Letter of Credit that has automatic renewal provisions (each, an Auto-Renewal Letter of Credit provided that any such Auto-Renewal Letter of Credit must permit the Issuing Bank to prevent any such renewal at least once in each twelve (12) month period (commencing with the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof and the Borrower not later than a day in each such twelve (12) month period to be agreed upon at the time such Letter of Credit is issued. Unless otherwise directed by the Issuing Bank, the Borrower shall not be required to make a specific request to the Issuing Bank for any such renewal. Once an Auto-Renewal Letter of Credit has been issued, the Revolving Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the Issuing Bank to permit the renewal of such Letter of Credit at any time to an expiry date not later than the earlier of (i) one (1) year from the date of such renewal and (ii) the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, unless otherwise extended pursuant to an LC Extension; provided that the Issuing Bank shall not permit any such renewal if (x) the Issuing Bank has determined that it would have no obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its renewed form under the terms hereof (by reason of the provisions of Section 2.18(m) or otherwise), or (y) it has received notice on or before the day that is five (5) Business Days before the date which has been agreed upon pursuant to the proviso of the first sentence of this paragraph, from the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Borrower that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Section 4.02 are not then satisfied. Participations. By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a(d) Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) and without any further action on the part of the Issuing Bank or the Lenders, the Issuing Bank hereby irrevocably grants to each Revolving Lender, and each Revolving Lender hereby acquires from the Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Revolving Lender s Pro Rata Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Issuing Bank, such Revolving Lender s Pro Rata Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by the Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Borrower on the date due as provided in Section 2.18(e) (the Unreimbursed Amount ), or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, or expiration, termination or cash collateralization of any Letter of Credit and that 102 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Reimbursement.(e) If the Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a(i) Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Issuing Bank an amount equal to such LC Disbursement and in Dollars not later than 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Business Day immediately following the day that the Borrower receives such notice of such LC Disbursement; provided that the Borrower may, subject to the conditions to Borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 that such payment be financed with ABR Revolving Loans in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, the Borrower s obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Revolving Loans. If the Borrower fails to make such payment when due, the Issuing(ii) Bank shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing, and the Administrative Agent shall notify each Revolving Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement, the payment then due from the Borrower in respect thereof and such Revolving Lender s Pro Rata Percentage thereof. Each Revolving Lender shall pay by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Administrative Agent not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, one (1) Business Day after such date, an amount equal to such Revolving Lender s Pro Rata Percentage of the unreimbursed LC Disbursement in the same manner as provided in Section 2.02(c) with respect to Revolving Loans made by such Revolving Lender, and the Administrative Agent will promptly pay to the Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Revolving Lenders. Any amounts received by the Issuing Bank from the Borrower pursuant to the above paragraph prior to, concurrently with or after any Revolving Lender makes any payment pursuant to the preceding sentence will be promptly remitted by the Issuing Bank to the Administrative Agent and by the Administrative Agent to the Revolving Lenders that shall have made such payments. If any Revolving Lender shall not have made its Pro Rata(iii) Percentage of such LC Disbursement to the Administrative Agent available as provided above, each of such Revolving Lender and the Borrower severally agrees to pay interest on such amount, for each day from and including the date such amount is required to be paid in accordance with the foregoing to but excluding the date such amount is paid, to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Issuing Bank at (i) in the case of the Borrower, the rate per annum set forth in clause (h) below and (ii) in the case of such Lender, at a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules or practices on interbank compensation. Obligations Absolute. The Reimbursement Obligation of the Borrower(f) and the Revolving Lenders as provided in Section 2.18(e) shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid and performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein or herein; (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit being proved 103 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; (iii) payment by the Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that fails to comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit; (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section 2.18(f), constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the obligations of the Borrower hereunder; (v) the fact that a Default shall have occurred and be continuing; or (vi) any material adverse change in the business, property, results of operations, prospects or condition, financial or otherwise, of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries. None of the Agents, the Lenders, the Issuing Bank or any of their Affiliates shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the Issuing Bank; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse the Issuing Bank from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by the Issuing Bank s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which is not subject to appeal)), the Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, the Issuing Bank may, in its reasonable discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. Disbursement Procedures. The Issuing Bank shall, promptly following its(g) receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit. The Issuing Bank shall promptly give written notice to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower of such compliant demand for payment and whether the Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder; provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its Reimbursement Obligation to the Issuing Bank and the Revolving Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement (other than with respect to the timing of such Reimbursement Obligation set forth in Section 2.18(e)). Interim Interest. If the Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement,(h) then, unless the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest payable on demand, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the Borrower reimburses such LC Disbursement, at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin until the date that is three (3) Business Days from the date on which the Borrower 104 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

receives notice of such LC Disbursement, and at the rate per annum determined pursuant to Section 2.06(c) thereafter. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of the Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Revolving Lender pursuant to Section 2.18(e) to reimburse the Issuing Bank shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment. Cash Collateralization. If (1) any Event of Default shall occur and be(i) continuing, on the Business Day that the Borrower receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, Revolving Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50 of the total LC Exposure) demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph, (2) as of the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, any LC Obligation for any reason remains outstanding (other than any LC Obligation that is backstopped to the reasonable satisfaction of the applicable Issuing Bank or continued under another credit facility) or (3) there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, the Borrower shall immediately (and in the case of clause (3), after the automatic reallocation of LC Exposure pursuant to Section 2.19(b), upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent and solely to the extent of the LC Exposure of such Defaulting Lender not covered by such automatic reallocation) deposit on terms and in accounts satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, in the name of the Collateral Agent and for the benefit of the Revolving Lenders, an amount in cash equal to 103 of the LC Exposure as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon; provided that the obligation to deposit such cash collateral shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower described in Section 8.01(g) or (h). Funds so deposited shall be applied by the Collateral Agent to reimburse the Issuing Bank for LC Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of outstanding Reimbursement Obligations or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of Revolving Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50 of the total LC Exposure), be applied to satisfy other Obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement. If the Borrower is required to provide an amount of cash collateral hereunder as a result of the existence of an Event of Default, such amount plus any accrued interest or realized profits with respect to such amounts (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower within three (3) Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived. Additional Issuing Banks. The Borrower may, at any time and from time(j) to time, designate one or more additional Revolving Lenders to act as an issuing bank with respect to Letters of Credit under the terms of this Agreement, with the consent of the Administrative Agent and such designated Revolving Lender(s) in their sole discretion. Any Revolving Lender designated as an issuing bank with respect to Letters of Credit pursuant to this clause (j) shall have all the rights and obligations of the Issuing Bank under the Loan Documents with respect to Letters of Credit issued or to be issued by it, and all references in the Loan Documents to the term Issuing Bank shall, with respect to such Letters of Credit, be deemed to refer to such Revolving Lender in its capacity as the Issuing Bank, as the context shall require. If at any time there is more than one Issuing Bank hereunder, the Borrower may, in its discretion, select which Issuing Bank is to issue any particular Letter of Credit. 105 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Resignation or Removal of the Issuing Bank. The Issuing Bank may(k) resign as Issuing Bank hereunder at any time upon at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. The Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by the Borrower with the consent of the Administrative Agent and the Revolving Lender(s) to the successor Issuing Bank. The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent and then the Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of the Issuing Bank or any such additional Issuing Bank. At the time any such resignation or replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.05(c). From and after the effective date of any such resignation or replacement, as applicable, (i) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of the Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued by it thereafter and (ii) references herein and in the other Loan Documents to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the resignation or replacement of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such resignation or replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit and, if applicable, shall remain a Lender hereunder and shall continue to have all of the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement. Issuing Bank. The Issuing Bank shall act on behalf of the Lenders with(l) respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith, and the Issuing Bank shall have all of the benefits and immunities (A) provided to the Administrative Agent in Article IX with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by the Issuing Bank in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and documents pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term Administrative Agent as used in Article IX included the Issuing Bank with respect to such acts or omissions, and (B) as additionally provided herein with respect to the Issuing Bank. The Issuing Bank may send a Letter of Credit or conduct any communication to or from the beneficiary via the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication message or overnight courier, or any other commercially reasonable means of communicating with a beneficiary. Other. The Issuing Bank shall be under no obligation to issue any Letter(m) of Credit if: any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or(i) arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain the Issuing Bank from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Requirements of Law applicable to the Issuing Bank or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the Issuing Bank shall prohibit, or request that the Issuing Bank refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon the Issuing Bank with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which the Issuing Bank is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon the Issuing Bank any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the 106 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Closing Date for which the Issuing Bank is not otherwise compensated hereunder and which the Issuing Bank in good faith deems material to it; or the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more(ii) policies of general application of the Issuing Bank. The Issuing Bank shall be under no obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if (A) the Issuing Bank would have no obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof, or (B) the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to such Letter of Credit. Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the Issuing Bank and the Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued, the rules of the ISP shall apply to each Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuing Bank shall not be responsible to the Borrower for, and the Issuing Bank s rights and remedies against the Borrower shall not be impaired by, any action or inaction of the Issuing Bank required or permitted under any law, order, or practice that is required or permitted to be applied to any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, including the Law or any order of a jurisdiction where the Issuing Bank or the beneficiary is located, the practice stated in the ISP or in the decisions, opinions, practice statements, or official commentary of the ICC Banking Commission, the Bankers Association for Finance and Trade - International Financial Services Association (BAFT-IFSA), or the Institute of International Banking Law Practice, whether or not any Letter of Credit chooses such law or practice. Letters of Credit Issued for Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding that a Letter of(n) Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower, the Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse the Issuing Bank hereunder for any and all drawings under such Letter of Credit. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of the Restricted Subsidiaries of the Borrower inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrower s business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Restricted Subsidiaries of the Borrower. Defaulting Lenders. Notwithstanding any provision of thisSection 2.19 Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender: the Commitment Fee shall cease to accrue on the Commitment of such(a) Lender so long as it is a Defaulting Lender (except to the extent it is payable to the Issuing Bank pursuant to clause (b)(v) below) and such Defaulting Lender shall not be entitled to receive any Commitment Fee pursuant to Section 2.05(a); if any LC Exposure exists at the time a Lender becomes a Defaulting(b) Lender then: all or any part of such Defaulting Lender s participation in LC(i) Exposure shall be reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Percentages, but only to the extent that (y) such reallocation does not cause the aggregate Revolving Exposure of any non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such non-Defaulting Lender s Revolving Commitment and (z) to the extent requested in 107 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

writing by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall confirm that the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 are satisfied at the time of such reallocation and if the Borrower cannot confirm such conditions have been satisfied (which shall not constitute a Default or an Event of Default) and such conditions have not otherwise been waived by the Required Revolving Lenders, then clause (ii) below shall apply; if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only(ii) partially, be effected, the Borrower shall within one Business Day following notice by the Administrative Agent, cash collateralize such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure (in each case after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.18(i) for so long as such LC Exposure is outstanding; if any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is cash(iii) collateralized pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Borrower shall not be required to pay the LC Participation Fee with respect to such portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure so long as it is cash collateralized; if any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is(iv) reallocated to the non-Defaulting Lenders pursuant to clause (i) above, then the LC Participation Fee with respect to such portion shall be allocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their Pro Rata Percentages; if any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is neither(v) cash collateralized nor reallocated pursuant to this Section 2.19(b), then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the Issuing Bank or any Lender hereunder, the Commitment Fee that otherwise would have been payable to such Defaulting Lender (with respect to the portion of such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Commitment that was utilized by such LC Exposure) and the LC Participation Fee payable with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure shall be payable to the Issuing Bank until such LC Exposure is cash collateralized and/or reallocated; so long as any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Issuing Bank(vi) shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure will be 100 covered by the Revolving Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and/or cash collateralized in accordance with this Section 2.19(b), and participations in any such newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Percentages (and Defaulting Lenders shall not participate therein); and any amount payable to such Defaulting Lender hereunder (whether on(c) account of principal, interest, fees or otherwise and including any amount that would otherwise be payable to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.14(d), but excluding Section 2.16(b)) may, in lieu of being distributed to such Defaulting Lender, be retained by the Administrative Agent in a segregated non-interest bearing account and, subject to any applicable Requirements of Law, be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent (i) first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative 108 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Agent hereunder, (ii) second, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Issuing Bank hereunder, (iii) third, to the funding of any Loan or the funding or cash collateralization of any participation in any Letter of Credit in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent, (iv) fourth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, held in such account as cash collateral for future funding obligations of the Defaulting Lender under this Agreement, (v) fifth, pro rata, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower, the Issuing Bank or the Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower, the Issuing Bank or any Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement and (vi) sixth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if such payment is (x) a prepayment of the principal amount of any Loans or Reimbursement Obligations in respect of LC Disbursements which a Defaulting Lender has funded in respect of its participation obligations and (y) made at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 are satisfied, such payment shall be applied solely to prepay the Loans of, and Reimbursement Obligations owed to, all non-Defaulting Lenders pro rata prior to being applied to the prepayment of any Loans, or Reimbursement Obligations owed to, any Defaulting Lender. such Defaulting Lender shall be deemed not to be a Lender, and the(d) amount of such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Commitment and Revolving Loans and/or Term Loan Commitments and Term Loans shall be excluded, for purposes of voting, and the calculation of voting, on any matters (including the granting of any consents or waivers) with respect to any of the Loan Documents, except as otherwise set forth in Section 10.02(b). to the extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, until such time(e) as the Default Excess with respect to such Defaulting Lender shall have been reduced to zero, (A) any voluntary prepayment of the Loans pursuant to Section 2.10(a) shall, if the Borrower so directs at the time of making such voluntary prepayment, be applied to the Loans of other Lenders in accordance with Section 2.10(a) as if such Defaulting Lender had no Loans outstanding and the Revolving Exposure of such Defaulting Lender were zero, and (B) any portion of any mandatory prepayment of the Loans pursuant to Section 2.10 that would be applied to the Loans of any Defaulting Lender if such Defaulting Lender had funded all of its defaulted Revolving Loans shall, if the Borrower so directs at the time of making such mandatory prepayment, be (i) applied to the Loans of other Lenders (but not to the Loans of such Defaulting Lender) in accordance with Section 2.10 as if such Defaulting Lender had no Loans outstanding and the Revolving Exposure of such Defaulting Lender were zero or (ii) retained by the Administrative Agent in a segregated non-interest-bearing account. No reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim(f) of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such non-Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following such reallocation. In the event that the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, and the Borrower each agrees in writing (provided that the Borrower s agreement shall not be unreasonably withheld) that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused 109 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the LC Exposure of the Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lender s Commitment and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Revolving Loans of the other Lenders as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Revolving Loans in accordance with its Pro Rata Percentage. The rights and remedies against a Defaulting Lender under this Section 2.19 are in addition to other rights and remedies that the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, and the non-Defaulting Lenders may have against such Defaulting Lender. The operation of this Section 2.19 shall not be construed to relieve or excuse the performance by such Defaulting Lender or any other Lender of its duties and obligations hereunder. Any failure by a Defaulting Lender to fund amounts that it was obligated to fund hereunder shall constitute a material breach by such Defaulting Lender of this Agreement and shall entitle the Borrower, at its option, to arrange for a substitute Lender to replace such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.16(b). The arrangements permitted or required by this Section 2.19 shall be permitted under this Agreement, notwithstanding any limitation on Liens or the pro rata sharing provisions hereof or otherwise. Increase in Commitments.Section 2.20 Borrower Request. The Borrower may by written notice to the(a) Administrative Agent elect to request the establishment of one or more new Term Loan Commitments under a new term facility or under the existing term facility or any increase under an existing tranche of Term Loans (each, an Incremental Term Loan Commitment and/or one or more new Revolving Loan Commitments under the then existing revolving facility (each, an Incremental Revolving Loan Commitment and together with any Incremental Term Loan Commitment, the Incremental Facilities ), in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Maximum Incremental Facilities Amount (the date of establishment of any such Incremental Facility, an Increase Effective Date provided, that the aggregate principal amount of all Incremental Revolving Loan Commitments shall not exceed 10,000,000 in the aggregate. The opportunity to commit to provide all or a portion of the Incremental Facilities shall be offered by the Borrower first to the existing Lenders on a pro rata basis (and on a non-pro rata basis, pursuant to terms acceptable to the Administrative Agent, with respect to existing Lenders that elect to cover declining Lenders declined amounts) on the terms offered by the Borrower and such other Lenders and, to the extent that such existing Lenders have not agreed to provide such Incremental Facilities within ten (10) Business Days after receiving such offer from the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, after being provided a bona fide opportunity to do so, the Borrower may then offer such opportunity (on terms no less favorable to the Borrower) to any other Eligible Assignees (which may include existing Lenders). Any existing Lender approached to provide all or a portion of such Incremental Term Loan Commitments or Incremental Revolving Loan Commitments may elect or decline, in its sole discretion, to provide such Incremental Term Loan Commitment or Incremental Revolving Loan Commitment and, to the extent any such Incremental Term Loan Commitments or Incremental Revolving Loan Commitments are not provided by existing Lenders, each Lender providing such commitment shall otherwise constitute an Eligible Assignee hereunder; provided that the Administrative Agent and, solely with respect to Incremental Revolving Loan Commitments, the Issuing Bank shall have consented to any such Eligible Assignee providing all or a portion of such Incremental Term Loan Commitment or Incremental Revolving Loan Commitment, as applicable, if and to the extent such consent would 110 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

be required under Section 10.04 for an assignment of such type of Loans or Commitments, as applicable, to such Eligible Assignee. Conditions. Such Incremental Term Loan Commitments and Incremental(b) Revolving Loan Commitments shall become effective, as of such Increase Effective Date; provided that: Immediately after giving effect to the funding of such Incremental(i) Facility, no Event of Default would exist; provided, that, with respect to any Incremental Facilities incurred in connection with a Limited Condition Acquisition, the foregoing condition may be limited by the Lenders providing such Incremental Facility to (x) on the LCA Test Date, immediately after giving effect to the funding of such Incremental Facility, no Event of Default would exist and (y) on the date of funding of such Incremental Facility, no Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), (b), (g) or (h) would exist immediately after giving effect to the funding of such Incremental Facility; provided that any Limited Condition Acquisition remains subject to the terms of Section 1.06 hereof; the proceeds of the Incremental Term Loans and/or Incremental(ii) Revolving Loans shall be used in accordance with Section 3.11 and Section 5.08; the Borrower shall deliver or cause to be delivered any customary(iii) amendments to the Loan Documents or other documents reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Incremental Term Loan Lender or Incremental Revolving Loan Lender in connection with any such transaction; any such Incremental Term Loans or Incremental Revolving Loans(iv) shall be in an aggregate amount of at least 500,000 and integral multiples of 100,000 above such amount (except, in each case, such minimum amount and integral multiples amount shall not apply when the Borrower uses all of the Maximum Incremental Amount available at such time); any Incremental Facilities shall be secured on a pari passu basis(v) with the Loans, shall not be secured by a Lien on any assets of the Borrower or any Guarantor not constituting Collateral and shall not be guaranteed by any person other than the Guarantors; and subject to customary SunGard limitations consistent with those(vi) applicable to the Closing Date Acquisition (to the extent agreed to by the Lenders providing the applicable Incremental Facility and the extent the proceeds of the applicable Incremental Facility are being used to finance a Limited Condition Acquisition), each of the representations and warranties made by any Credit Party set forth in Article III hereof or in any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects if such representation or warranty contains any materiality qualifier, including references to material, Material Adverse Effect or dollar thresholds) both before and after giving effect to such Incremental Facility (or if incurred in connection with a Limited Condition Acquisition on the LCA Test Date) with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties 111 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects if such representation or warranty contains any materiality qualifier, including references to material, Material Adverse Effect or dollar thresholds) as of such earlier date. Terms of New Term Loans and Commitments. The terms and provisions(c) of Loans made pursuant to such Incremental Term Loan Commitments shall be subject to Section 2.20(f) and as follows: the terms and provisions of Loans made pursuant to Incremental(i) Term Loan Commitments Incremental Term Loans shall be, except as otherwise set forth herein (including Section 2.20(f)), on terms and pursuant to documentation to be determined by the Borrower and the lenders providing such Incremental Term Loans; provided that, such terms (but excluding any terms applicable only after the applicable Maturity Date applicable to Term Loans made on the Closing Date) and documentation (other than as set forth herein (including Section 2.20(f))) shall be consistent with the Term Loans; provided further that, it is understood that no consent shall be required from the Administrative Agent or any Lender for terms or conditions that are more restrictive than the terms and provisions of the Loans existing on the Increase Effective Date of any Incremental Term Loans if such terms or conditions are incorporated into existing Term Loans for the benefit of all existing Lenders, which may be done without further amendment requirements, including, for the avoidance of doubt, at the option of the Borrower, any increase in the applicable interest rate margin or amount of amortization relating to the existing Term Loans to bring such applicable interest rate margin or amount of amortization in line with such Incremental Term Loans to achieve fungibility with such existing Term Loans; provided further that (x) this Section 2.20(c)(i) shall supersede any provisions in Section 10.02 to the contrary and (y) except as expressly stated in this Section 2.20 (which are in all respects subject to the Limited Condition Acquisition provisions), the documentation will not include any financial test with respect to the incurrence of any Incremental Term Facilities; the maturity date of any Incremental Term Loans shall be no earlier(ii) than the Latest Maturity Date applicable to the Term Loans made on the Closing Date and such Incremental Term Loans shall have no scheduled amortization or scheduled payments of principal prior to the Latest Maturity Date of the Term Loans made on the Closing Date; and each tranche of Incremental Term Loans shall rank pari passu in(iii) right of payment with the Term Loans made on the Closing Date, shall participate on a pro rata basis or less than pro rata basis in any voluntary prepayment of such Term Loans, and shall share ratably (or on a lesser basis) with respect to any mandatory prepayments of Term Loans hereunder (other than mandatory prepayments resulting from a refinancing of any facility which may be applied exclusively to the facility being refinanced). Terms of Incremental Revolving Loan Commitments. With respect to any(d) Incremental Revolving Loan Commitment, (i) the maturity date of such Incremental Revolving Loan Commitment shall be the same as the Revolving Maturity Date applicable to the Revolving 112 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Commitments subject to such increase, such Incremental Revolving Loan Commitment shall require no scheduled amortization or mandatory commitment reduction prior to the final Revolving Maturity Date applicable to the Revolving Commitments subject to such increase, and the Incremental Revolving Loan Commitment shall be on the exact same terms and pursuant to the exact same documentation applicable to the Revolving Commitments subject to such increase and (it being understood that, if required to consummate an Incremental Revolving Loan Commitment, the pricing, interest rate margins, rate floors and undrawn fees on the Revolving Commitment being increased may be increased for all Revolving Lenders under the Revolving Commitment being increased, and additional upfront or similar fees may be payable to the Revolving Lenders participating in the Incremental Revolving Loan Commitment without any requirement to pay such amounts to any Revolving Lenders that do not participate in the Incremental Revolving Loan Commitment), and (ii) each of the applicable Revolving Lenders shall be deemed to have assigned to each Lender with Incremental Revolving Loan Commitments, and each such Lender shall be deemed to have purchased from each of the applicable Revolving Lenders, at the principal amount thereof (together with accrued interest), such interests in the applicable Revolving Loans outstanding on the effective date of such increase as shall be necessary in order that, immediately after giving effect to all such assignments and purchases, such Revolving Loans will be held by existing applicable Revolving Lenders and Incremental Revolving Loan Lenders ratably in accordance with their Revolving Commitments after giving effect to the addition of such Incremental Revolving Loan Commitments to the Revolving Commitments; provided, further, the Administrative Agent s, the Issuing Bank s and the Swingline Lender s consent shall be required to each Person providing any portion of an Incremental Revolving Loan Commitment to the same extent, and in the same manner, as if such Person had taken assignment of Revolving Commitments pursuant to Section 10.04. Each Incremental Revolving Loan Commitment shall be deemed for all purposes a Revolving Commitment and each Loan made thereunder (an Incremental Revolving Loan shall be deemed, for all purposes, a Revolving Loan. Additionally, if any Revolving Loans are outstanding at the time any Incremental Revolving Loan Commitments are established, the Revolving Lenders immediately after effectiveness of such Incremental Revolving Loan Commitments shall purchase and assign at par such amounts of the Revolving Loans outstanding at such time as the Administrative Agent may require such that each Revolving Lender holds its Pro Rata Percentage of all Revolving Loans outstanding immediately after giving effect to all such assignments. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby agree that the minimum borrowing, pro rata borrowing and pro rata payment requirements contained elsewhere in this Agreement shall not apply to the transactions effected pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence. Joinder. Such Incremental Term Loan Commitments and Incremental(e) Revolving Loan Commitments shall be effected by a joinder agreement (the Increase Joinder executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each Lender making such Incremental Term Loan Commitment or Incremental Revolving Loan Commitment, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to each of them. The Increase Joinder may, without the consent of any other Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (i) as may be necessary or appropriate (which may be in the form of an amendment and restatement of this Agreement) (including with respect to pro rata payments, repayments, borrowings and commitment reductions of Revolving Commitments (and Revolving Loans thereunder) and 113 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Incremental Revolving Loan Commitments (and loans thereunder)), in the opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to effect the provisions of this Section 2.20 and (ii) so long as such amendments are not adverse to the Lenders, such other changes as may be necessary, as reasonably determined by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, to maintain the fungibility of any Incremental Term Loans with any Tranche of then-outstanding Term Loans. This Section 2.20(e) shall supersede any provisions in Section 10.02 to the contrary. Yield. If the initial Yield (as defined below) on any Incremental Term(f) Loans exceeds the then applicable Yield on the Term Loans existing on the Increase Effective Date by more than 50 basis points, then the interest rate margins then in effect for each applicable existing tranche of Loans shall be increased to the extent necessary so that the Yield on the existing Loans is 50 basis points less than the Yield on such Incremental Facility. Yield shall mean, shall mean the yield of such indebtedness, whether in the form of interest rate, margin, OID, upfront fees, index floors or otherwise, in each case payable by the Borrower generally to lenders, provided that OID and upfront fees shall be equated to interest rate assuming a four year life to maturity, and shall not include arrangement fees, structuring fees, ticking fees, commitment fees, unused line fees, underwriting fees and any amendment and similar fees that are not paid generally to the lenders. Equal and Ratable Benefit. The Loans and Commitments established(g) pursuant to this Section 2.20 shall constitute Loans and Commitments under, and shall be entitled to all the benefits afforded by, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and shall, without limiting the foregoing, benefit equally and ratably from the Guarantees and security interests created by the Security Documents. The Borrower and the other Credit Parties shall take any actions reasonably required by the Administrative Agent to ensure and/or demonstrate that the Lien and security interests granted by the Security Documents continue to be perfected under the UCC or otherwise after giving effect to the establishment of any such Incremental Loans or any such Incremental Loan Commitments. Extension Amendments.Section 2.21 The Borrower may at any time and from time to time request that all or a(a) portion, including one or more Tranches, of the Loans (including any Extended Loans), in each case existing at the time of such request (each such Tranche of existing Loans, an Existing Tranche and the Loans of any such Tranche, the Existing Loans be converted to extend the termination date thereof and the scheduled maturity date(s) of any payment of principal with respect to all or a portion of any such Existing Tranche (any such Existing Tranche or portion thereof which has been so extended, an Extended Tranche and the Loans of such Tranche or portion thereof, the Extended Loans and to provide for other terms consistent with this Section 2.21; provided that any such request shall be made by the Borrower to certain Lenders specified by the Borrower with Loans with a like maturity date (whether under one or more Tranches) on a pro rata basis (based on the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Loans); it being understood that each Lender under the applicable Tranche or Tranches that are being requested to extend shall have the opportunity to participate in such extension on the same terms and conditions as each other Lender in such Tranche or Tranches. In order to establish any Extended Tranche, the Borrower shall provide a written notice to the Administrative Agent (who shall provide a copy of such notice to each of the requested Lenders of the applicable Existing 114 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Tranche) (an Extension Request setting forth the proposed terms and conditions of the Extended Tranche to be established, which terms and conditions (subject to the proviso at the end of this Section 2.21(a), excluding pricing, interest rate margins, rate floors, discounts, fees, premiums and prepayment or redemption terms and provisions which shall be determined by the Borrower and the Lenders thereunder) shall be substantially identical to the terms and conditions of the Existing Tranche from which they are to be extended (the Specified Existing Tranche ), or (when taken as a whole) less favorable to the Lenders providing such Extended Loans (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) (except for covenants or other provisions (x) applicable only to periods after the applicable Latest Maturity Date of the Existing Loans, or (y) that are added to this Agreement for the benefit of the Lenders hereunder (which may be accomplished without further amendment requirements)); provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.21 or otherwise, (1) such Extended Tranche shall not be in an amount less than 5,000,000 and integral multiples of 1,000,000 above such amount, (2) to the extent secured, no Extended Tranche shall be secured by or receive the benefit of any collateral, credit support or security that does not secure or support the Existing Tranches, (3) the mandatory prepayment or the commitment reduction of any of Loans or Commitments under the Extended Tranches shall be made on a pro rata basis with all other outstanding Loans or Commitments respectively; provided that Extended Loans may, if the Extending Lenders making such Extended Loans so agree, participate on a less than pro rata basis in any mandatory prepayment or commitment reductions hereunder, (4) the final maturity of any Extended Tranche shall not be earlier than, and shall not have a Weighted Average Life to Maturity shorter than, the applicable Specified Existing Tranche, (5) each Lender in the Specified Existing Tranche shall be permitted to participate in the Extended Tranche on the same terms and conditions as each other Lender in accordance with its pro rata share of the Specified Existing Tranche, (6) assignments and participations of Extended Tranches shall be governed by the same assignment and participation provisions applicable to Loans and Commitments hereunder as set forth in Section 10.04, (7) no Event of Default would exist immediately after giving effect to the funding of such Extended Loans and (8) no extension shall be permitted pursuant to this Section 2.21 unless Lenders holding not less than a majority of the principal amount of such Loans to be extended consent to such extension. No requested Lender shall have any obligation to agree to have any of its Existing Loans or, if applicable, commitments of any Existing Tranche converted into an Extended Tranche pursuant to any Extension Request. Any Extended Tranche shall constitute a separate Tranche of Loans (and, if applicable, commitments) from the Specified Existing Tranches, from any other Existing Tranches, and from any other Extended Tranches so established on such date. The Borrower shall provide the applicable Extension Request at least ten(b) (10) Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) prior to the date on which Lenders under the applicable Existing Tranche or Existing Tranches are requested to respond, and shall agree to such procedures (including regarding timing, rounding and other adjustments and to ensure reasonable administrative management of the credit facilities hereunder after giving effect to such Extension Request), if any, as may be established by, or acceptable to, the Administrative Agent, in each case acting reasonably to accomplish the purposes of this Section 2.21. Any Lender (an Extending Lender wishing to have all or a portion of its Specified Existing Tranche converted into an Extended Tranche shall notify the Administrative Agent (an Extension Election on or prior to 115 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

the date specified in such Extension Request of the amount of its Specified Existing Tranche that it elects to convert into an Extended Tranche. In the event that the aggregate amount of the Specified Existing Tranche subject to Extension Elections exceeds the amount of Extended Tranches requested pursuant to the Extension Request, the Specified Existing Tranches subject to Extension Elections shall be converted to Extended Tranches on a pro rata basis based on the amount of Specified Existing Tranches included in each such Extension Election. Extended Tranches shall be established pursuant to an amendment (an(c) Extension Amendment to this Agreement (which may include amendments to provisions related to maturity, interest margins, fees or prepayments and which, except to the extent expressly contemplated by the penultimate sentence of this Section 2.21(c) and notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in Section 10.02 (but subject to clause (8) of the second proviso in Section 2.21(a)), shall not require the consent of any Lender other than the Extending Lenders with respect to the Extended Tranches established thereby) executed by the Credit Parties, the Administrative Agent, and the Extending Lenders. It is understood and agreed that each Lender has consented for all purposes requiring its consent, and shall at the effective time thereof be deemed to consent to each amendment to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents authorized by this Section 2.21 and the arrangements described above in connection therewith. This Section 2.21(c) shall supersede any provisions in Section 10.02 to the contrary. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, on(d) any date on which any Existing Tranche is converted to extend the related scheduled maturity date(s) in accordance with clause (a) above (an Extension Date ), in the case of the Specified Existing Tranche of each Extending Lender, the aggregate principal amount of such Specified Existing Tranche shall be deemed reduced by an amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of such Specified Existing Tranche so converted by such Lender into an Extended Tranche or Extended Tranches on such date, and such Extended Tranche or Extended Tranches shall be established as a separate Tranche or Tranches from the Specified Existing Tranche and from any other Existing Tranches and any other Extended Tranches so established on such date. If (subject to clause (8) of the second proviso in Section 2.21(a)), in(e) connection with any proposed Extension Amendment, any Lender declines to consent to the applicable extension on the terms and by the deadline set forth in the applicable Extension Request (each such Lender, a Non-Extending Lender then the Borrower may, on notice to the Administrative Agent and the Non-Extending Lender, (A) replace such Non-Extending Lender by causing such Lender to (and such Lender shall be obligated to) assign pursuant to Section 10.04 (with the assignment fee, if any, and any other costs and expenses to be paid by the Borrower in such instance) all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to one or more assignees; provided that neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any obligation to the Borrower to obtain a replacement Lender; provided, further, that the applicable assignee shall have agreed to provide Loans and/or a commitment on the terms set forth in such Extension Amendment; and provided, further, that all Obligations (other than contingent indemnity obligations and unasserted expense reimbursement obligations) of the Borrower owing to the Non-Extending Lender relating to the Loans and participations so assigned shall be paid in full at par to such Non-Extending Lender concurrently with such Assignment and Assumption by the assignee Lender or the Borrower or (B) prepay the Loans and, at the Borrower s option, if applicable, terminate the Commitments of such Non-Extending Lender, in whole or in part, 116 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

subject to breakage costs, without premium or penalty. In connection with any such replacement under this Section 2.21, if the Non-Extending Lender does not execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a duly completed Assignment and Assumption and/or any other documentation necessary to reflect such replacement by the later of (a) the date on which the replacement Lender executes and delivers such Assignment and Assumption and/or such other documentation and (b) the date as of which all Obligations (other than contingent indemnity obligations and unasserted expense reimbursement obligations) of the Borrower owing to the Non-Extending Lender relating to the Loans and participations so assigned shall be paid in full in cash to such Non-Extending Lender by the assignee Lender or the Borrower, then such Non-Extending Lender shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such Assignment and Assumption and/or such other documentation as of such date and the Borrower shall be entitled (but not obligated) to execute and deliver such Assignment and Assumption and/or such other documentation on behalf of such Non-Extending Lender. This Section 2.21(e) shall supersede any provisions in Section 10.02 to the contrary. Refinancing Facilities.Section 2.22 At any time after the Closing Date, the Borrower may obtain, from any(a) Lender or any Additional Lender, Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of all or any portion of the Term Loans, Revolving Loans and/or Revolving Commitments then outstanding under this Agreement (which will be deemed to include any then outstanding Incremental Term Loans under any Incremental Term Loan Commitments or any Incremental Revolving Loan Commitments then outstanding under this Agreement (or any Incremental Revolving Loans outstanding pursuant thereto)) or any then outstanding Refinancing Term Loans in the form of Refinancing Term Loans or Refinancing Term Commitments or any then outstanding Refinancing Revolving Loans or Refinancing Revolving Loan Commitments, respectively, in the form of Refinancing Revolving Loans or Refinancing Revolving Loan Commitments, in each case, pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment, together with any applicable Intercreditor Agreement or other subordination agreement that is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent; provided that such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness (i) will rank pari passu in right of payment and of security (to the extent secured) with the other Loans and Commitments hereunder, (ii) will, to the extent permitted by the definition of Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness, have such pricing, interest rate margins, rate floors, discounts, fees, premiums and prepayment or redemption provisions and terms as may be agreed by the Borrower and the Lenders or Additional Lenders with respect thereto and (iii) no Event of Default would exist immediately after giving effect to the funding of such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness. The effectiveness of any Refinancing Amendment shall be subject to, to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, receipt by the Administrative Agent of board resolutions, officers certificates and/or reaffirmation agreements consistent with those delivered on the Closing Date. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender as to the effectiveness of each Refinancing Amendment. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that, upon the effectiveness of any Refinancing Amendment, this Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent (but only to the extent) necessary to reflect the existence and terms of the Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness incurred pursuant thereto (including any amendments necessary to treat the Loans and Commitments subject thereto as Refinancing Term Loans, Refinancing Revolving Loans, Refinancing Term Loan Commitments or Refinancing Revolving Loan Commitments, as applicable) and any Indebtedness being replaced 117 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

or refinanced with such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness shall be deemed permanently reduced and satisfied in all respects. Any Refinancing Amendment may, without the consent of any other Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent, to effect the provisions of this Section. For the avoidance of doubt, no Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness can be used to prepay or repay any Loans made on the Closing Date without the Applicable Prepayment Premium due thereon, if any. This Section 2.22 shall supersede any provisions in Section 10.02 to the(b) contrary. Tax Treatment. The Borrower and the Lenders agree (i) that theSection 2.23 Loans are debt for U.S. federal income Tax purposes, (ii) that the Loans are not governed by the rules set out in Treasury Regulations Section 1.1275-4, (iii) that, for purposes of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1273-2(h): (A) the Loans and the Warrant constitute an investment unit for purposes of Section 1273(c)(2) of the Code, (B) the aggregate issue price of the Loans and the Warrant is equal to one hundred percent (100 of the principal amount of the Loans outstanding as of the Closing Date, and (C) the aggregate fair market value on the date hereof of the Warrant is 7,000,000, and (iv) to use the foregoing pricing and valuation for U.S. federal income tax purposes with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and not to file any tax return, report or declaration inconsistent with the foregoing, except as otherwise required due to a determination within the meaning of Section 1313(a) of the Code. The inclusion of this Section 2.23 is not an admission by any Lender that it is subject to United States taxation. ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES Each Credit Party (including on behalf of its Restricted Subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated) represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing Bank and each of the Lenders on each date set forth in Sections 4.01 and 4.02 that: Organization; Powers. Each Credit Party (a) is duly incorporated,Section 3.01 formed or organized and validly existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) has all requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and perform its obligations thereunder in each case and to carry on its business as now conducted and to own and lease its property, in each case except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (c) is qualified and in good standing (to the extent such concept is applicable in the applicable jurisdiction) to do business in every jurisdiction where such qualification is required, except in such jurisdictions where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Authorization; Enforceability. The Loan Documents to be enteredSection 3.02 into by each Credit Party are within such Credit Party s powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of such Credit Party. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by each Credit Party and constitutes, and each other Loan Document to which any 118 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Credit Party is to be a party, when executed and delivered by such Credit Party, will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Credit Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. No Conflicts. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.03, the execution,Section 3.03 delivery and performance by the Credit Parties of the Loan Documents to which they are a party and the Credit Extensions contemplated by the Loan Documents (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except (i) such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (ii) filings necessary to perfect Liens created by the Loan Documents and (iii) consents, approvals, registrations, filings, permits or actions the failure to obtain or perform which would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (b) will not violate or require consent not obtained under the Organizational Documents of any Group Member, (c) will not violate or result in a default under any indenture or other material agreement or instrument binding upon any Group Member (including, without limitation, any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness) or any of their assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment, repurchase or redemption to be made by any Group Member, or give rise to a right of, or result in, termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation thereunder, except, in each case, individually or in the aggregate, as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and (d) will not violate any Requirements of Law except, individually or in the aggregate, where it would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Financial Statements; Projections.Section 3.04 Historical Financial Statements; Pro Forma Balance Sheet. On the(a) Closing Date, the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent and made available to the Lenders (i) the Historical Financial Statements and (ii) a pro forma consolidated balance sheet and related pro forma consolidated statement of income of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of and for the twelve-month period ending on December 31, 2020, prepared after giving effect to the Transactions as if the Transactions had occurred as of such date (in the case of such balance sheet) or at the beginning of such period (in the case of such statement of income) (the Pro Forma Balance Sheet ). The financial statements in the immediately preceding sentence (other than the Pro Forma Balance Sheet) have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and the results of operations and cash flows of the applicable entities to which they relate as of the dates and for the periods to which they relate. The Pro Forma Balance Sheet has been prepared (1) in good faith, based on assumptions believed by the Borrower to be reasonable and information reasonably available to, or in the possession or control of, the Credit Parties, in each case, as of the date of delivery thereof, and presents fairly in all material respects on a pro forma basis the estimated financial position of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as at the last day of and for the twelve month period ending December 31, 2020 and their estimated results of operations for the periods covered thereby, assuming that the Transactions had actually occurred at such date or at the beginning of the periods covered thereby and (2) in a manner consistently applied throughout the applicable period covered thereby. All financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a), Section 5.01(b) and Section 5.01(c) have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and 119 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its consolidated Restricted Subsidiaries as of the dates and for the periods to which they relate, except as indicated in any notes thereto and, in the case of any such unaudited financial statements, the absence of footnote disclosures and audit adjustments. Absence of Material Adverse Effect. Since the Closing Date, there has(b) been no event, change, circumstance or occurrence that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Pro Forma Financial Statements. The financial projections on a pro forma(c) basis most recently delivered by the Borrower pursuant to Section 5.01(e) (A) have been prepared in good faith by the Credit Parties, based upon (i) the assumptions stated therein (which assumptions are believed by the Credit Parties on the Closing Date to be reasonable), (ii) accounting principles consistent with the historical audited financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 3.04(a) and (iii) the information reasonably available to, or in the possession or control of, the Credit Parties as of the date of delivery thereof, (B) reflect in all material respects, all adjustments required to be made to give effect to the Transactions, (C) have been prepared in a manner consistently applied throughout the applicable period covered thereby, and (D) present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position and results of operations of the Credit Parties described therein as of such date and for such periods set forth therein, on a pro forma basis assuming that the Transactions had occurred at such dates (it being understood and agreed that (x) any financial or business projections or forecasts furnished are predictions as to future events and not to be viewed as facts or a guarantee of performance and are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, which may be beyond the control of any Credit Party, (y) no assurance is given by any Credit Party that any particular financial projections will be realized and (z) the actual results during the period or periods covered by any such projections or forecasts may differ from the projected or forecasted results and such differences may be material). Restatements. Each Lender and the Administrative Agent hereby(d) acknowledge and agree that the Borrower and its Subsidiaries may be required to restate historical financial statements as the result of the implementation of changes in GAAP or the interpretation thereof or purchase accounting adjustments and that such restatements on their own will not result in a Default or Event of Default under the Loan Documents. Properties.Section 3.05 Title. Each Group Member (i) has good title to, or valid leasehold(a) interests in, all of its Property (other than Intellectual Property, which is subject to Section 3.06 and not this Section 3.05) material to its business, except to the extent of any irregularities or deficiencies that would not be reasonably expected to, result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (ii) owns its Collateral and any Material Property, if any, in each case, free and clear of all Liens except for Permitted Liens and any Liens and privileges arising mandatorily by Law. Collateral. Each Credit Party owns or has rights to use all of the(b) Collateral (other than Intellectual Property which is subject to Section 3.06) and all rights with 120 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

respect to any of the foregoing, except, in each case, as could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. Intellectual Property.Section 3.06 Ownership; No Claims. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.06, (i) each(a) Credit Party owns, or is authorized to use, all Intellectual Property material to the conduct of its business as currently conducted, except to the extent such failure to own, or be authorized to use, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) to the knowledge of each Credit Party, the operation of such Group Member s business and the use of Intellectual Property owned by such Group Member or licensed by such Group Member do not infringe, misappropriate, dilute or otherwise violate the Intellectual Property rights of any person, except to the extent such violations, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (iii) no claim or litigation regarding any Intellectual Property owned by a Group Member is pending or, to the knowledge of any Credit Party, threatened in writing against any Credit Party or Subsidiary, which, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (iv) the Borrower has taken (and caused its Restricted Subsidiaries to take) commercially reasonable steps to maintain, enforce and protect the owned material Intellectual Property of the Credit Parties or Restricted Subsidiaries and maintain the Credit Parties' rights in any material licensed Intellectual Property and (v) to the knowledge of each Credit Party, no Group Member is in material breach of, or in material default under, any license of Intellectual Property to such Credit Party that is material to the operation of the business of such Group Member except to the extent that such violations would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Violations. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.06, (i) to the knowledge(b) of each Credit Party, there is no violation, misappropriation, dilution or infringement by others of any right of any Group Member with respect to any Intellectual Property that is owned by any Group Member which, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) each Group Member has used commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that Company Proprietary Software (1) is free from any trojan horse, virus or similar malicious code or program that can cause material damage to computer systems using such Company Proprietary Software, (2) functions and operates in all material respects for its intended purpose, (3) employs reasonable safeguards to protect against security threats, and (4) to the extent such Company Proprietary Software includes or relies upon open source software components, complies with the requirements of all applicable open source licenses, in each case, except to the extent such violations, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Equity Interests and Restricted Subsidiaries. As of the ClosingSection 3.07 Date, after giving effect to the Transactions, neither the Borrower nor any other Credit Party has any Subsidiaries other than those specifically disclosed on Schedule 3.07 and all of the outstanding Equity Interests in the Borrower and its Subsidiaries have been validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable (other than Equity Interests consisting of limited liability company interests or partnership interests which, pursuant to the relevant organizational or formation documents, cannot be fully paid and nonassessable and to the extent such concepts are not 121 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

applicable in the relevant jurisdiction). All Equity Interests owned directly or indirectly by the Borrower or any other Credit Party (other than any such Equity Interests owned directly or indirectly by any Unrestricted Subsidiary) are owned free and clear of all Liens except (i) those created under the Security Documents, and (ii) those Liens permitted under Section 6.02. As of the Closing Date, Schedule 3.07 sets forth (a) the name and jurisdiction of organization or incorporation of the Borrower and each Subsidiary, (b) the ownership interest of the Borrower and any of its Subsidiaries in such Subsidiaries, including the percentage of such ownership by class (if applicable) and (c) all outstanding options, warrants, rights of conversion or purchase and similar rights with respect to the equity of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries. Litigation. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.08, there are noSection 3.08 actions, suits or proceedings at law or in equity by or before any Governmental Authority now pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing against or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or against any of their properties or revenues that either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected, if adversely determined, to have a Material Adverse Effect. Federal Reserve Regulations. No Credit Party is engagedSection 3.09 principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of buying or carrying Margin Stock. No part of the proceeds of any Loan or any Letter of Credit will be used for any purpose that violates Regulation T, U or X. Investment Company Act. No Credit Party is an investmentSection 3.10 company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Use of Proceeds. The Borrower will (or will direct a Credit PartySection 3.11 to) use the proceeds of the Term Loans on the Closing Date to finance (i) a portion of the consideration for the Closing Date Acquisition and (ii) the payment of related fees, costs and expenses and other transaction costs incurred in connection with the Transactions (including without limitation upfront fees and original issue discount). The Borrower will (or will direct a Credit Party to) use the proceeds of the Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans after the Closing Date for working capital and general corporate purposes and any other transaction not prohibited under this Agreement and, in each case, related fees and expenses. Proceeds of the Incremental Facilities may be used for working capital and general corporate purposes, including, without limitation, to finance Permitted Acquisitions and other permitted Investments and to pay related fees, costs and expenses in connection with any such transactions (but excluding Dividends and Restricted Debt Payments). Taxes. Each Group Member has (a) timely filed or caused to beSection 3.12 timely filed (after giving effect to any applicable extensions) all material Tax Returns required to have been filed by it, (b) duly and timely paid or remitted or caused to be duly and timely paid or remitted all Taxes due and payable or remittable by it and all assessments received by it, except (i) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which such Group Member has set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP, or (ii) Taxes which would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (c) satisfied all of its withholding Tax obligations, except for 122 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

failures that would not be reasonably expected to, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect or Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which such Group Member has set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP. Each Group Member has made adequate provision in accordance with GAAP for all material Taxes not yet due and payable. Each Group Member is unaware of any proposed or pending Tax assessments, deficiencies or audits that would be reasonably expected to, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of each Group Company, no Lien for Taxes (other than a Permitted Lien) has been filed with respect to any material Taxes. No Material Misstatements.Section 3.13 As of the Closing Date, no written information, report, financial statement,(a) certificate, Borrowing Request, LC Request, exhibit or schedule (in each case other than forecasts, projections and other forward looking statements (collectively, Projections and information of a general economic or industry nature) furnished by or on behalf of any Group Member to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with any Loan Document or included therein or delivered pursuant thereto, taken as a whole and when furnished, contained or contains any material misstatement of fact or omitted or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were or are made, not materially misleading when taken as a whole as of the date such information, report, financial statement, certificate, Borrowing Request, LC Request, exhibit or schedule is dated or certified; provided that, with respect to any Projections delivered pursuant to the terms hereof, each Group Member represents only that on the date of delivery thereof it acted in good faith and utilized assumptions believed by it to be reasonable when made in light of the then current circumstances (it being understood that Projections are predictions as to future events and are not to be viewed as facts and are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, which are beyond the control of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, that no assurance or guarantee can be given that any Projections will be realized, that actual results may differ and that such differences may be material). Labor Matters. Except as would not reasonably be expected toSection 3.14 result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) there are no strikes, lockouts, or slowdowns against any Group Member pending or, to the knowledge of any Credit Party, threatened in writing, and (ii) the consummation of the Transactions will not give rise to any right of termination or right of renegotiation on the part of any union under any collective bargaining agreement to which any Group Member is bound. The hours worked by and payments made to employees of any Group Member have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended, or any other applicable federal, state, local or foreign law dealing with such matters in any manner which would reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect. All payments due from any Group Member, or for which any claim may be made against any Group Member, on account of wages and employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits, have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of such Group Member except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 123 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Solvency. On the Closing Date, after giving effect to theSection 3.15 Transactions, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are Solvent. Employee Benefit Plans.Section 3.16 With respect to each Employee Benefit Plan, each Group Member is in compliance in all respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder, and each Employee Benefit Plan is in compliance, except, in each case, as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other ERISA Events, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The present value of all accumulated benefit obligations of all underfunded Plans (based on the assumptions used for financial reporting purposes of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87) did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed the fair market value of the property of all such underfunded Plans by an amount that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Using actuarial assumptions and computation methods consistent with Section 4211 of ERISA, the aggregate liabilities of each Group Member or its ERISA Affiliates to all Multiemployer Plans in the event of a complete withdrawal therefrom, as of the close of the most recent fiscal year of each such Multiemployer Plan, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. As of the date hereof, no Group Member has been notified by the sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan that such Multiemployer Plan is insolvent (within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA), or is in endangered status or in critical status (each within the meaning of Section 432 of the Code) and no such Multiemployer Plan is reasonably expected by any Group Member to be insolvent, except, in each case, as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) each Foreign Plan has been maintained in compliance with its terms and with the requirements of any and all applicable Requirements of Law and has been maintained, where required, in good standing with applicable regulatory authorities and (ii) no Group Member has incurred any obligation in connection with the termination of or withdrawal from any Foreign Plan. The present value of the accrued benefit liabilities (whether or not vested) under each Foreign Plan which is funded, determined as of the end of the most recently ended fiscal year of the respective Group Member on the basis of actuarial assumptions, each of which is reasonable, did not exceed the current value of the property of such Foreign Plan by an amount that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and for each Foreign Plan which is not funded, the obligations of such Foreign Plan are properly accrued in accordance with GAAP in all material respects. Environmental Matters.Section 3.17 Except as, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be(a) expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect: The Group Members and their businesses, operations and Real(i) Property are in compliance with Environmental Law; 124 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

The Group Members have obtained all Environmental Permits(ii) required for the conduct of their businesses and operations, and the ownership, operation and use of their Real Property; There has been no Release or threatened Release of Hazardous(iii) Material caused by the Group Members, or to the knowledge of the Group Members by any other Person, on, at, under or from any Real Property presently, or to the knowledge of the Group Members, formerly owned, leased or operated by the Group Members; There is no Environmental Claim pending or, to the knowledge of(iv) the Group Members, threatened against the Group Members, and to the knowledge of the Group Members, there are no facts or circumstances that would reasonably be expected to give rise to any such Environmental Claim; and No Lien has been recorded or, to the knowledge of any Group(v) Member, threatened under any Environmental Law with respect to any Real Property currently owned, operated or leased by the Group Members. This Section 3.17 contains the sole and exclusive representations and(b) warranties of the Group Members with respect to any matters arising under Environmental Laws or relating to Environmental Claims or Hazardous Materials. Security Documents.Section 3.18 Valid Liens. Subject to Section 4.01(k), each Security Document(a) delivered pursuant to Article IV, Section 5.10, and Section 5.11 will, upon execution and delivery thereof, be effective to create (to the extent described therein and subject to other perfection requirements specifically set out in the Security Documents) in favor of the Collateral Agent, for its benefit and the benefit of the other Secured Parties, legal, valid and enforceable Liens on, and security interests in, all of the Credit Parties right, title and interest in and to the Collateral thereunder under applicable Requirements of Law (to the extent required hereunder and thereunder), except as such enforceability may be limited by Debtor Relief Laws and by general principles of equity and capital maintenance rules and (i) when appropriate filings or recordings are made in the appropriate offices as may be required under applicable Requirements of Law (to the extent required hereunder and thereunder), and (ii) upon the taking of possession, control or other action by the Collateral Agent of such Collateral with respect to which a security interest may be perfected only by possession, control or other action (which possession, control or other action shall be given to the Collateral Agent or taken by the Collateral Agent to the extent required by any Security Document or this Agreement), the Liens in favor of Collateral Agent will, to the extent required by the Loan Documents (including the Security Documents), constitute fully perfected Liens on, and security interests in, all right, title and interest of the Credit Parties in such Collateral, in each case under applicable Requirements of Law (to the extent required hereunder and thereunder), subject to no Liens other than the applicable Permitted Liens. Foreign Law Limitations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary,(b) compliance with applicable foreign law with respect to the grant, creation and perfection of Liens 125 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

on and security interests in the Collateral will not be required herein or under any other Security Document. Anti-Terrorism Law. No Credit Party and none of its SubsidiariesSection 3.19 is in violation of any applicable Requirements of Law relating to terrorism or money laundering Anti-Terrorism Laws ), including Executive Order No. 13224, effective September 24, 2001 (the Executive Order ), and the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Public Law 107-56, signed into law October 26, 2001 (the Patriot Act ). The use of proceeds of the Loans will not violate the Trading With the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. 1-44, as amended) or any applicable foreign asset control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 C.F.R. Subtitle B, Chapter V). As of the Closing Date, to the knowledge of the Borrower, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification is true and correct in all material respects. OFAC. None of the Borrower, any Subsidiary nor, to theSection 3.20 knowledge of the Borrower, any director, officer, employee, or agent of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary is (x) the subject or target of any applicable U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State or any applicable similar laws or regulations enacted by the European Union or the United Kingdom (collectively, Sanctions or (y) is located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is subject of comprehensive Sanctions (including, without limitation, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria). The Borrower shall not use the proceeds of the Loans, directly or, to the Borrower s knowledge, indirectly, or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Person, for the purpose of financing activities of or with (i) any Person that is the subject or target of any applicable Sanctions, or (ii) in any country that, at the time of such financing is the subject or target of any country- or territory-wide Sanctions, or (iii) in any other manner that would result in a violation of applicable Sanctions by any Person that is a party to this Agreement, except, in the case of clauses (i), (ii), and (iii), to the extent licensed by OFAC or otherwise authorized under U.S. law or, if applicable, to the extent licensed or authorized under any similar laws or regulations enacted by the European Union or the United Kingdom. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. No part of the proceeds of theSection 3.21 Loans or issued Letters of Credit will be used directly or, to the Borrower s knowledge, indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or any other Person acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or any similar Requirements of Law. Compliance with Law. Each of the Borrower and each RestrictedSection 3.22 Subsidiary is in compliance with all Requirements of Law and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such Requirements of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings or (b) the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Defaults. On the Closing Date, no Default or Event of DefaultSection 3.23 has occurred and is continuing. 126 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS Conditions to Initial Credit Extension. The obligation of eachSection 4.01 Lender and, if applicable, the Issuing Bank, to fund the initial Credit Extension on the Closing Date requested to be made by the Borrower shall be subject to the prior or concurrent satisfaction or waiver of only the conditions precedent set forth in this Section 4.01 (the making of such initial Credit Extension by a Lender being conclusively deemed to be its satisfaction or waiver of the conditions precedent): Loan Documents. There shall have been delivered to the Administrative(a) Agent from each Credit Party an executed counterpart of (i) each of the Loan Documents to which it is a party to be entered into on the Closing Date and (ii) the Board Observer Letter. Corporate Documents. The Administrative Agent shall have received:(b) a certificate of the secretary or assistant secretary (or equivalent(i) officer) on behalf of each Credit Party dated the Closing Date, certifying (A) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of each Organizational Document of such Credit Party and, with respect to the articles or certificate of incorporation or organization (or similar document) certified (to the extent applicable) as of a recent date by the Secretary of State (or other applicable Governmental Authority) of the state of its organization, (B) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of resolutions duly adopted by the Board of Directors or equityholders, as applicable, of such Credit Party authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which such person is a party and, in the case of the Borrower, the Borrowings hereunder, and that such resolutions have not been modified, rescinded or amended and are in full force and effect as of the date of such certificate, and (C) as to the incumbency and specimen signature of each officer or authorized person executing any Loan Document or any other document delivered in connection herewith on behalf of such Credit Party (together with a certificate of another officer or authorized person as to the incumbency and specimen signature of the officer or authorized person executing the certificate in this clause (i)); to the extent available, a certificate as to the good standing of each(ii) Credit Party as of a recent date, from such Secretary of State (or other applicable Governmental Authority) of its jurisdiction of organization; and the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate dated the(iii) Closing Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, confirming compliance with the conditions precedent set forth in Sections 4.01(c), (f) and (j). Closing Date Acquisition and Other Transactions. The Closing Date(c) Acquisition shall have been consummated or, substantially concurrently with the initial Credit Extension, shall be consummated, in all material respects in accordance with the terms of the Closing Date Acquisition Agreement, without giving effect to any modifications, amendments, consents or waivers thereto that in the aggregate are materially adverse to the Lenders or the Bookrunner without the prior consent of the Bookrunner (which consent shall not be 127 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned) and otherwise in compliance with the requirements set forth in Section 3 of Exhibit C to the Commitment Letter. Opinion of Counsel. The Administrative Agent shall have received, on(d) behalf of itself, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders, a customary opinion of Latham Watkins LLP, special counsel for the Credit Parties dated as of the Closing Date and addressed to the Agents and the Lenders. Solvency Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have received a(e) solvency certificate in the form of Exhibit I dated the Closing Date and signed by the chief financial officer (or other officer with reasonably equivalent duties) of the Borrower. No Material Adverse Effect. No Material Adverse Effect (as defined in(f) the Closing Date Acquisition Agreement) will have occurred after the date of the Closing Date Acquisition Agreement that is continuing. Fees. The Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall have received all(g) fees and other amounts due and payable to them by the Borrower on or prior to the Closing Date (which amounts may be offset against the proceeds of the initial Credit Extension), including, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses (including the legal fees and expenses of Proskauer Rose LLP, special counsel to the Agents) required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower under this Agreement, including, without limitation, as set forth in the Fee Letters; provided that, in the case of costs and expenses, an invoice for all such fees and expenses shall be received by the Borrower at least five (5) Business Days prior to the Closing Date for payment to be required as a condition to the Closing Date. Patriot Act. So long as reasonably requested in writing by the(h) Administrative Agent at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent shall have received, at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, all documentation and other information, including, without limitation, each Credit Party s W-9, with respect to the Credit Parties that is reasonably determined to be required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act. If the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, the Borrower shall deliver a Beneficial Ownership Certification at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date (to the extent reasonably requested in writing by the Administrative Agent at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the Closing Date). Debt and Lien Release. All existing indebtedness for borrowed money(i) and any other indebtedness not permitted hereunder of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (including, without limitation, T365 and its Restricted Subsidiaries) shall be repaid or refinanced in full in connection with, and substantially concurrently with the closing of, the Closing Date Acquisition, and all commitments to lend and guarantees and security interests and other liens (if any) in connection therewith shall be terminated and/or released. 128 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Closing Date Representations. (i) The Specified Acquisition Agreement(j) Representations and (ii) the Specified Representations shall be true and correct in all material respects. Creation and Perfection of Security Interests. Notwithstanding anything to(k) the contrary in this Section 4.01, with respect to the Secured Obligations, all actions necessary to establish that the Collateral Agent will have a perfected first priority security interest (subject to Permitted Liens) in the Collateral under the Loan Documents shall have been taken, in each case, to the extent such Collateral (including the creation or perfection of any security interest) is required to be provided on the Closing Date; provided that to the extent any security interest in the Collateral is not granted or perfected on the Closing Date after Borrower s commercially reasonable efforts to do so (other than (x) grants of Collateral subject to the UCC and the delivery of and authorization to file Uniform Commercial Code financing statements, (y) the filing of Intellectual Property security agreements in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office, as the case may be (for the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower shall not be obligated to perfect any foreign Intellectual Property), and (z) the delivery of stock certificates and stock powers for certificated securities (as defined in Article 8 of the UCC) of the Borrower s material, Wholly Owned Subsidiaries that are organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia (other than Excluded Equity Interests) that are part of the Collateral; provided that such certificated securities issued by T365 and its Subsidiaries will be required to be delivered hereunder only to the extent received from the T365, after use of commercially reasonable efforts to obtain such certificated securities provided further that any certificated securities required to be delivered pursuant to the Loan Documents but not so delivered on the Closing Date will be required to be delivered within 30 days after the Closing Date (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole, reasonable discretion)), the grant or perfection of such security interest (including, without limitation, the security interest on any Real Property that is part of the Collateral) shall not constitute a condition precedent to the availability of the Credit Extension to be made on the Closing Date, but shall be granted or perfected, as the case may be, within 90 days after the Closing Date (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole, reasonable discretion or as provided in Section 5.15). Notice. The Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing(l) Request as required by Section 2.03 (or such notice shall have been deemed to be given in accordance with Section 2.03) for any Loans to be made on the Closing Date. Financial Statements; Pro Forma Financial Information. The(m) Administrative Agent shall have received (i) the Historical Financial Statements and (ii) the Pro Forma Balance Sheet. Ownership of T365. Pursuant to the Closing Date Acquisition Agreement,(n) the Borrower will consummate the Closing Date Acquisition, after which the Borrower will own 90.1 of the outstanding equity interests of T365, with the remaining outstanding equity interests being held, pursuant to the terms of the Closing Date Acquisition Agreement, by the Minority Holder. 129 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

In determining the satisfaction of the conditions specified in this Section 4.01, (y) to the extent any item is required to be satisfactory to any Lender, such item shall be deemed satisfactory to each Lender which has not notified the Administrative Agent in writing prior to the occurrence of the Closing Date that the respective item or matter does not meet its satisfaction and (z) in determining whether any Lender is aware of any fact, condition or event that has occurred and which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or a Company Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Closing Date Acquisition Agreement), each Lender which has not notified the Administrative Agent in writing prior to the occurrence of the Closing Date of such fact, condition or event shall be deemed not to be aware of any such fact, condition or event on the Closing Date. Upon the Administrative Agent s good faith determination that the conditions specified in this Section 4.01 have been met (after giving effect to the preceding sentence), then the Closing Date shall have been deemed to have occurred, regardless of any subsequent determination that one or more of the conditions thereto had not been met. Without limiting the generality of Section 9.05(b), for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required hereunder or thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. Conditions to All Credit Extensions. The obligation of eachSection 4.02 Lender and each Issuing Bank to make any Credit Extension (including the Credit Extensions on the Closing Date) with respect to any Term Loan or Revolving Loan under Section 2.03, Swingline Loan under Section 3.17 or Letter of Credit under Section 2.18 shall be subject to the satisfaction, or waiver, of each of the conditions precedent set forth below. Notice. The Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing(a) Request as required by Section 2.03 (or such notice shall have been deemed given in accordance with Section 2.03) if Loans are being requested or, in the case of the issuance, amendment, extension or renewal of a Letter of Credit, the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent shall have received an LC Request as required by Section 2.18. No Default. At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such(b) Credit Extension, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on such date. Representations and Warranties. Each of the representations and(c) warranties made by any Credit Party set forth in Article III hereof or in any other Loan Document or, solely with respect to the Credit Extensions on the Closing Date the Specified Representations, shall be true and correct in all material respects (except that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date of such Credit Extension with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date in which case such representations and warranties shall be true 130 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

and correct in all material respects (except that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct in all respects) as of such earlier date, and solely with respect to the Specified Representations, without giving effect to the Closing Date Acquisition. Each of the delivery (or deemed delivery) of a Borrowing Request or an LC Request and the acceptance by the Borrower of the proceeds of such Credit Extension shall constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower and each other Credit Party that on the date of such Credit Extension (both immediately before and immediately after giving effect to such Credit Extension) the conditions contained in this Article IV have been satisfied or waived. ARTICLE V AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS The Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors warrant, covenant and agree with each Lender that at all times after the Closing Date, so long as this Agreement shall remain in effect and until the Obligations have been Paid in Full and the Commitments have been terminated, the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors will, and will cause each of their respective Restricted Subsidiaries to: Financial Statements, Reports, etc. Furnish to the AdministrativeSection 5.01 Agent for distribution to each Lender: Annual Reports. Within one hundred eighty (180) days after the last day(a) of each fiscal year of the Borrower commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2020, a copy of the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (that, together with its consolidated Subsidiaries, constitutes substantially all of the assets of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries) as of the last day of the fiscal year then ended and the consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the fiscal year then ended, and accompanying notes thereto, each in reasonable detail showing in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year (starting with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2020) (provided that the Borrower shall be permitted to deliver its 10-K within such timeframe to satisfy the above financial delivery requirement) accompanied by an annual audit opinion from nationally recognized auditors or other accounting firm selected by the Borrower and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (which opinion shall be not be subject to any qualification, exception or explanatory paragraph as to going concern or scope of the audit, subject to the proviso below) to the effect that the consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial condition and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the close of and for such fiscal year; provided that such financial statements may contain a qualification, exception or explanatory paragraph that is expressly solely with respect to, or expressly resulting from, (A) an upcoming maturity date of the Loans or any other Indebtedness, (B) any potential inability to satisfy the Financial Covenant, or any financial covenant under any other Indebtedness on a future date or in a future period or (C) the activities, operations, financial results, assets or liabilities of any Unrestricted Subsidiary; in each case, such financial statements shall be accompanied by a customary management 131 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

discussion and analysis of the financial performance of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries. Quarterly Reports. Commencing with the fiscal quarter ending June 30,(b) 2021, within forty-five (45) days after the last day of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower for which financial statements are required to be delivered pursuant to this clause (b), a copy of the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (that, together with its consolidated Subsidiaries, constitutes substantially all of the assets of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries) as of the last day of such fiscal quarter and the unaudited consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the fiscal quarter then ended, each in reasonable detail and showing in comparative form the figures for the corresponding date and period in the previous fiscal year of the Borrower, prepared by the Borrower in accordance with GAAP (subject to the absence of footnote disclosures and year-end audit adjustments) (provided that the Borrower shall be permitted to deliver its 10-Q within such timeframe to satisfy the above financial delivery requirement) and certified on behalf of the Borrower by a Financial Officer as prepared in accordance with GAAP subject to the absence of footnote disclosures and year-end audit adjustments and presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; in each case, such financial statements shall be accompanied by a customary management discussion and analysis of the financial performance of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; Monthly Reports. Commencing with the month ending June 30, 2021 and(c) ending with the month immediately prior to the month of the occurrence of a Qualifying IPO, within forty-five (45) days after the last day of each month of the Borrower for which financial statements are required to be delivered pursuant to this clause (c), monthly financial reporting, to be limited to (A) volume by business line, (B) updated LQA Revenue information in substantially similar as provided to the Lead Arranger prior to the Closing Date, (C) monthly revenue by business line, (D) cash and investments balance and (E) debt balance; Financial Officer s Certificate. Concurrently with any delivery of financial(d) statements under Section 5.01(a), (b) or (c) a Compliance Certificate (i) certifying on behalf of the Borrower that, to its knowledge, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or, if any such known Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, specifying the nature and extent thereof and any corrective action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto; and (ii) setting forth the computation of the Financial Covenant then in effect; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, no Compliance Certificate shall bring down any representations and warranties made herein or in any other Loan Document; Budgets. Commencing with the fiscal year beginning January 1, 2022,(e) within ninety (90) days after the beginning of each fiscal year, an annual budget (on a quarterly basis) in form customarily prepared with regard to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries by the Borrower; Revenues Reporting. Concurrently with any delivery of financial(f) statements under Section 5.01(a), (b) or (c), a quarterly or monthly, as the case may be, LQA 132 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Revenues report for the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, on both a current basis and a Pro Forma Basis including the Closing Date Acquisition and any other Subject Transaction; and Other Reporting. Concurrently with any delivery of financial statements(g) under Section 5.01(a) or (b), to the extent provided with Borrower s public filings, full-course equivalent enrollment reporting; Quarterly Lender Calls. At the request of the Administrative Agent (and(h) subject to reasonable prior notice), following the delivery of the financial statements pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) above, the Borrower shall hold an update call (which shall take place at a time mutually acceptable to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent) with a Responsible Officer of the Borrower and the Lenders who choose to attend such conference call to discuss the financial position, financial performance and cash flows of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the period covered by the applicable financial statements; and Other Information. Promptly, from time to time, and upon the reasonable(i) written request of the Administrative Agent, other reasonably requested information of the Group Members regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition (including (x) information required under the Patriot Act, (y) an updated Beneficial Ownership Certification and (z) to the extent available to the Borrower, any material agreements, documents or instruments pursuant to which any Permitted Acquisition is to be consummated; provided that nothing in this Section 5.01(i) shall require any Group Member to take any action that would violate any third party customary confidentiality agreement (other than any such confidentiality agreement entered into in contemplation of this Agreement) with any Person that is not an Affiliate (and, in all events, so long as such confidentiality agreement does not relate to information regarding the financial affairs of any Group Member or the compliance with the terms of any Loan Document) or waive any attorney-client or similar privilege. Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) through Section 5.01(g) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which such documents are sent via e-mail to the Administrative Agent for posting on the Borrower s behalf on IntraLinks/IntraAgency or another relevant website, if any, established on its behalf by the Administrative Agent and to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access or the date on which the Borrower has posted such documents on its own website to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access and notified the Administrative Agent of such posting. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, at the reasonable written request of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall thereafter promptly be required to provide paper copies of any documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01. Each Lender shall be solely responsible for timely accessing posted documents or requesting delivery of paper copies of such documents from the Administrative Agent and maintaining its copies of such documents. If the delivery of any of the foregoing documents required under this Section 5.01 shall fall on a day that is not a Business Day, such deliverable shall be due on the next succeeding Business Day. Litigation and Other Notices. Furnish to the Administrative AgentSection 5.02 written notice of the following promptly (and, in any event, within five (5) Business Days or such 133 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

later date as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower obtaining actual knowledge thereof: any Default or Event of Default (provided that (i) no such notice shall be(a) required if cured within the applicable cure period and (ii) any delivery of a notice of Default shall automatically cure any Default or Event of Default then existing with respect to any failure to deliver such notice), specifying the nature and extent thereof and the corrective action (if any) taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto; any litigation or governmental proceeding pending against the Borrower or(b) any of its Subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected to be determined adversely and, if so determined, to result in a Material Adverse Effect; the occurrence of any ERISA Event that could, when taken either alone or(c) together with all such other ERISA Events, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and copies of any amendment, amendment and restatement, consent, waiver,(d) supplement or other modification to or of any Convertible Indebtedness, Junior Secured Indebtedness subject to an Intercreditor Agreement or any Subordinated Indebtedness. Existence; Properties.Section 5.03 Do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and(a) maintain in full force and effect its legal existence, except as otherwise permitted under Sections 6.04 or 6.05 or, in the case of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party, where the failure to perform such obligations could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Do or cause to be done all things necessary to obtain, preserve, renew,(b) extend and keep in full force and effect the rights, licenses, permits, privileges, franchises, authorizations and Intellectual Property which are necessary and material to the conduct of its business (except where the failure to do so could not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect); provided that nothing in this Section 5.03(b) shall prevent sales of property, consolidations or mergers by or involving any Company in accordance with Section 6.04 or 6.05. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else to the contrary in any Loan Document, each Credit Party and each other Restricted Subsidiary may abandon, cancel, terminate, permit or allow the lapse, invalidation, expiration, cancellation, cessation or termination of, or fail to maintain, pursue, preserve or protect any of its respective Intellectual Property that are, in the reasonable business judgment of such Credit Party or Restricted Subsidiary, no longer economically practicable, commercially desirable to maintain or useful, except to the extent any such abandonment, lapse, cancellation, termination, cessation or failure, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except to the extent the failure to do so could not, individually or in the(c) aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, maintain, preserve and protect all of its properties and equipment material to the operation of its business in good 134 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

working order, repair and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted and casualty or condemnation excepted. Insurance.Section 5.04 Keep its insurable property adequately insured at all times by financially(a) sound and reputable insurers; maintain such other insurance, in each case, to such extent and against such risks as is customary with companies in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations. From and after thirty (30) days after the Closing Date (or such later date as(b) the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion), the Credit Parties shall cause all such insurance (other than directors and officers policies and workers compensation) with respect to the Credit Parties and property constituting Collateral to be endorsed to provide that the Collateral Agent is an additional insured or loss payee, as applicable, and that no cancellation, material reduction in amount or material change in coverage thereof shall be effective until at least thirty (30) days after receipt by the Collateral Agent of written notice thereof (or if such cancellation is by reason of nonpayment of premium, at least ten (10) days prior written notice) (unless it is such insurer s policy not to provide such a statement); provided that, unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (A) all proceeds from insurance policies shall be paid to the Borrower or applicable Guarantor (subject to the requirements of Section 2.10(e) hereof), (B) to the extent the Collateral Agent receives any proceeds, the Collateral Agent shall turn over to the Borrower any amounts received by it as an additional insured or loss payee under any property insurance maintained by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (subject to the requirements of Section 2.10(e) hereof), and (C) the Collateral Agent agrees that the Borrower and/or its applicable Subsidiaries shall have the sole right to adjust or settle any claims under such insurance. If at any time the buildings and other improvements (as described in the(c) applicable Mortgage) on a Material Property that is encumbered by a Mortgage required by this Agreement are located in an area identified by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency) as a special flood hazard area with respect to which flood insurance has been made available under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (as now or hereafter in effect or successor act thereto), then, solely to the extent required by applicable Requirements of Law, the Borrower shall, or shall cause the applicable Credit Party to, maintain, with a financially sound and reputable insurer, flood insurance in an amount and otherwise sufficient to comply with all applicable rules and regulations promulgated pursuant to the Flood Insurance Laws and deliver to the Administrative Agent evidence of such compliance in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. Taxes. Pay and discharge promptly when due all Taxes imposedSection 5.05 upon it or upon its income or profits or in respect of its property, before the same shall become delinquent, or in default; provided that such payment and discharge shall not be required with respect to any such Tax so long as (x)(i) the validity or amount thereof shall be contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and the applicable Group Member shall have set aside on its books adequate reserves or other appropriate provisions with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (ii) such contest operates to suspend collection of the contested Tax and enforcement 135 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

of a Lien for Taxes (other than a Permitted Lien) or (y) the failure to pay would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Employee Benefits.Section 5.06 With respect to each Employee Benefit Plan and Foreign Plan, comply in(a) all respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and applicable Requirements of Law except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and Furnish to the Administrative Agent (x) as soon as reasonably practicable(b) after, and in any event within 10 days (or such later date as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) after any Responsible Officer of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries knows or has reason to know that any failures to meet funding or other applicable Requirements of Law with respect to Foreign Plans has occurred that, alone or together with any other such noncompliance event with respect to Foreign Plans, would reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting forth details as to such noncompliance event with respect to Foreign Plans and the action, if any, that the Group Members propose to take with respect thereto, (y) upon reasonable request by the Administrative Agent, copies of (i) each Schedule B (Actuarial Information) to the annual report (Form 5500 Series) filed by any Group Members or any ERISA Affiliate thereof with the Internal Revenue Service with respect to each Plan; (ii) the most recent actuarial valuation report for each Plan or Foreign Plan; (iii) all notices received by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries from a Multiemployer Plan sponsor or any Governmental Authority concerning an ERISA Event or such noncompliance event with respect to Foreign Plans; and (iv) such other documents or governmental reports or filings relating to any Plan or Foreign Plan in each case, that is sponsored by, or contributed to by, the Borrower or a Subsidiary of the Borrower, as have been received by the Borrower or a Subsidiary of the Borrower and that the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request and (z) promptly following any request therefor, copies of (i) any documents described in Section 101(k) of ERISA that the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries has received with respect to any Multiemployer Plan and (ii) any notices described in Section 101(1) of ERISA that the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries has received with respect to any Multiemployer Plan; provided that if any Group Member has not received such documents or notices from the administrator or sponsor of the applicable Multiemployer Plan, upon the Administrative Agent s reasonable request, the applicable Group Member shall promptly make a request for such documents or notices from such administrator or sponsor and shall provide copies of such documents and notices promptly after receipt thereof; and provided further, the obligations of the Group Members under this Section shall be subject to applicable Requirements of Law, including protection of data privacy. Maintaining Records; Access to Properties and Inspections. EachSection 5.07 Group Member will permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent to visit during its regular business hours and with reasonable advance written notice thereof (provided that no such advance notice shall be required during the continuance of an Event of Default) and inspect (subject to the rights of lessees or sublessees thereof and subject to any restrictions or limitations in the applicable lease, sublease or other written occupancy arrangement pursuant to 136 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

which the Borrower or Restricted Subsidiary is a party, in each case, not entered into in contemplation of avoiding the requirements of this Section 5.07) the financial records and the property of such Group Member at reasonable times up to one (1) time per calendar year (but without frequency limit during the continuance of an Event of Default) and to make extracts from and copies of such financial records, and permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent to discuss the affairs, finances, accounts and condition of any Group Member with the officers and employees thereof and advisors therefor (including independent accountants); provided that the Administrative Agent shall give any Group Member an opportunity for its representatives to participate in any such discussions; provided, further, that so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, the Borrower shall not bear the cost of more than one such inspection per calendar year by the Administrative Agent and Lenders (or their respective representatives). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5.07, no Group Member will be required to disclose or permit the inspection or discussion of, any document, information or other matter (i) that constitutes confidential Intellectual Property, including trade secrets, (ii) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or their respective representatives or contractors) is prohibited by Requirements of Law or any binding agreement (not entered into in contemplation hereof), or (iii) that is subject to attorney client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product. Use of Proceeds. Use of the proceeds of the Loans and use ofSection 5.08 issued Letters of Credit only for the purposes set forth in Section 3.11. Compliance with Environmental Laws; Environmental Reports.Section 5.09 Except as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the(a) aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) comply with all Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits applicable to its operations and Real Property; (ii) obtain and renew all Environmental Permits applicable to its operations and owned Real Property and, to the extent the Group Members are required to obtain such Environmental Permits under the applicable lease or Requirements of Law, leased Real Property; and (iii) comply with all lawful orders of a Governmental Authority required of the Group Members by, and in accordance with, Environmental Laws; provided that no Group Member shall be required to comply with such orders to the extent that its obligation to do so is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings. If an Event of Default caused by reason of a breach of Section 3.17 or(b) 5.09(a) shall have occurred and be continuing for more than thirty (30) days without the Group Members commencing activities reasonably likely to cure such Event of Default in accordance with Environmental Laws, at the reasonable written request of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders through the Administrative Agent, which written request will describe the nature and subject of the Event of Default, the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent within sixty (60) days after such request (or by such later date as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), at the expense of the Borrower, an environmental assessment report regarding the matters which are the subject of such Event of Default, prepared by an environmental consulting firm reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent; provided, however, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other 137 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Loan Document, under no other circumstances shall any environmental assessment report (or any other environmental report) be required under any Loan Document. Additional Collateral; Additional Guarantors.Section 5.10 Subject to the terms of the Security Documents and Section 3.18, Section(a) 4.01(k), Section 5.11 and Section 5.15, with respect to any personal property created or acquired after the Closing Date by any Credit Party that constitutes Collateral under any of the Security Documents or is intended to be subject to the Liens created by any Security Document but is not so subject to a Lien thereunder, but in any event subject to the terms, conditions and limitations thereunder, within sixty (60) days after the acquisition thereof, or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may approve in each case in its sole discretion, (i) execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent such amendments or supplements to the relevant Security Documents or such other documents, including, without limitation, customary legal opinions as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent shall reasonably deem necessary to grant to the Collateral Agent, for its benefit and for the benefit of the other Secured Parties, a Lien under applicable U.S. state and federal law on such Collateral subject to no Liens other than Permitted Liens, and (ii) take all actions reasonably necessary to cause such Lien to be duly perfected to the extent required by such Security Document in accordance with all applicable U.S. state and federal law, including the filing of financing statements in such U.S. jurisdictions as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent. The Borrower and the other Credit Parties shall otherwise take such actions and execute and/or deliver to the Collateral Agent (or its non-fiduciary agent or designee pursuant to any Intercreditor Agreement) such New York law governed documents as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent shall reasonably require to confirm the validity, perfection and priority of the Lien of the Security Documents on such after-acquired Collateral. Subject to the terms of the Security Documents and Section 5.15, upon the(b) formation or acquisition of, or the re-designation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary as, a Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) after the Closing Date (other than a merger Subsidiary formed in connection with a Permitted Acquisition so long as such merger Subsidiary is merged out of existence pursuant to such Permitted Acquisition or otherwise merged out of existence or dissolved within sixty (60) days of its formation (or such later date as permitted by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion)) or upon any Excluded Subsidiary ceasing to constitute an Excluded Subsidiary (as reasonably determined by the Borrower), within sixty (60) days after such formation, acquisition, designation or cessation, or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may approve in its reasonable discretion, the Borrower shall: deliver to the Collateral Agent the certificates, if any, representing(i) all of the Equity Interests of such Restricted Subsidiary that constitute Collateral and that are certificated securities (as defined in Article 8 of the UCC), together with undated Equity Interest powers or other appropriate instruments of transfer executed and delivered in blank by a duly authorized officer of the holder(s) of such Equity Interests, and all intercompany notes owing from such Restricted Subsidiary to any Credit Party required to be delivered pursuant to the Security Agreement or other applicable Security Document and not previously so delivered, together with instruments of transfer executed and 138 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

delivered in blank by a duly authorized officer of such Credit Party or Additional Guarantor, as applicable; and cause any such new Restricted Subsidiary (except Excluded(ii) Subsidiaries), (A) to execute a Joinder Agreement or such comparable documentation to become a Subsidiary Guarantor (including, without limitation, (1) all documentation and other information with respect to such new Restricted Subsidiary required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation the Patriot Act, and (2) customary secretary s certificates with respect to each new Restricted Subsidiary attaching such documents as were delivered by the original Subsidiary Guarantors on the Closing Date) and a joinder agreement to the Security Agreement, substantially in the form annexed thereto, and (B) to take all actions reasonably necessary to cause the Lien created on the Collateral (which shall exclude Excluded Property and be subject to the limitations set forth herein and the applicable Security Documents) by the applicable Security Documents to be duly perfected under U.S. federal and applicable state and local law to the extent required by such agreements in accordance with all applicable U.S. Requirements of Law, including the filing of financing statements in such U.S. jurisdictions as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent; provided that (x) no pledge of Excluded Equity Interests shall be required and (y) no perfection actions by control (except with respect to Equity Interests and certain debt instruments) shall be required to be taken. For the avoidance of doubt, the Credit Parties shall be under no obligation to deliver any leasehold mortgages, landlord waivers or collateral access agreements with respect to Real Property. Upon the acquisition of any new Material Property:(c) within fifteen (15) Business Days after such acquisition (as such(i) period may be extended by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), the applicable Credit Party shall furnish to the Collateral Agent a description of such Material Property in detail reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent; and within ninety (90) days after such acquisition (as such period may(ii) be extended by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), the applicable Credit Party shall grant to the Collateral Agent a security interest in such Material Property and deliver a mortgage, deed of trust or deed to secure debt in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent (a Mortgage as additional security for the Obligations (which, if reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, shall be accompanied by a customary legal opinion) and deliver to the Administrative Agent, a completed Life-of-Loan Federal Emergency Management Agency standard flood hazard determination, together with a notice executed by such Credit Party about special flood hazard area status, if applicable, in respect of such Mortgage. Security Interests; Further Assurances. Subject to the terms of theSection 5.11 Security Documents, Section 5.10 and Section 5.15, promptly, upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, (i) correct any material defect or error that may be discovered in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation of any Security Document or 139 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

other document or instrument relating to any Collateral, and (ii) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file, re-file, register and re-register any and all such further acts, deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent may reasonably request from time to time in order to carry out more effectively the purposes of this Agreement and the Security Documents; provided that, notwithstanding anything else contained herein or in any other Loan Document to the contrary, (w) neither the Borrower nor any Guarantor shall be required to make any filings or take any other actions to perfect the Lien on and security interest in any Intellectual Property (or to reimburse the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent for any costs incurred in connection with the same) except for filings in the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United States Copyright Office or by filing a UCC financing statement, (x) the foregoing shall not apply to any Excluded Subsidiary or Property of any Excluded Subsidiary or any Excluded Property or any Excluded Equity Interests, (y) any such documents and deliverables (other than certain mortgages of Material Property) shall be governed by New York law and (z) no other perfection actions by control (except with respect to Equity Interests and certain debt instruments and Deposit Account Control Agreements), leasehold mortgages or landlord waivers, estoppels or collateral access agreements shall be required to be taken or entered into hereunder or under any other Loan Document. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else herein or in any other Loan Document to the contrary, in no event shall (A) the assets of any CFC Holding Company or CFC constitute security or secure, or such assets or the proceeds of such assets be required to be available for, payment of the Obligations, (B) more than sixty-five percent (65 of the Voting Stock and one-hundred percent (100 of the non-Voting Stock of any first-tier CFC Holding Company or CFC or (C) any Equity Interests of any direct or indirect Subsidiary of any CFC Holding Company or CFC. Maintenance of Deposit Accounts. Within ninety (90) daysSection 5.12 following the Closing Date (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion), the Credit Parties shall deliver, or cause to be delivered to the Collateral Agent, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, a Deposit Account Control Agreement, duly authorized, executed and delivered by such bank and such Credit Party with respect to each Deposit Account and Securities Account; except that Credit Parties shall not be required to deliver such Deposit Account Control Agreements with respect to any Excluded Account. No Credit Party shall open any new Deposit Account or Securities Account, other than an Excluded Account, unless such Credit Party enters into a Deposit Account Control Agreement in connection with such account within ninety (90) days (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree) following the opening of such account. Notwithstanding anything in this section to the contrary, the provisions of this Section 5.12 shall not apply to any Deposit Account acquired by a Credit Party in connection with a Permitted Acquisition (or other permitted Investment) prior to the date that is ninety (90) days (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree) following the consummation of such Permitted Acquisition (or other permitted Investment). Compliance with Laws. Comply with the requirements of allSection 5.13 Requirements of Law and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or to their business or property, except to the extent that the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 140 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Anti-Terrorism Law; Anti-Money Laundering; Foreign CorruptSection 5.14 Practices Act. Not directly or indirectly, (i) knowingly deal in, or otherwise knowingly(a) engage in any transaction relating to, any property or interests in property blocked pursuant to the Executive Order or any other Anti-Terrorism Law in violation of any applicable Anti-Terrorism Law or applicable Sanctions, or (ii) knowingly engage in or conspire to engage in any transaction that violates or attempts to violate, any of the material prohibitions set forth in any applicable Anti-Terrorism Law or applicable Sanctions; (i) Not repay the Loans, or make any other payment to any Lender, using(b) funds or properties of the Borrower or any Subsidiaries that are, to the knowledge of the Borrower, the property of any Person that is the subject or target of applicable Sanctions or that are, to the knowledge of the Borrower, fifty percent or more beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by any Person that is the subject or target of applicable Sanctions, in each case, in violation of applicable Anti-Terrorism Laws or applicable Sanctions or (ii) to the knowledge of Borrower, permit any Person that is the subject of applicable Sanctions to have any direct or indirect interest, in the Borrower, Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries, with the result that the investment in the Borrower, Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries (whether directly or indirectly) or the Loans made by the Lenders would be in violation of any applicable Sanctions. Each Credit Party and its Restricted Subsidiaries will maintain in effect(c) and enforce policies and procedures that are reasonably designed to ensure compliance by the Credit Parties, their subsidiaries and each of their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. To the extent applicable, each Credit Party and its Restricted Subsidiaries(d) will comply with (i) the laws, regulations, Sanctions and executive orders administered by OFAC, (ii) all Anti-Terrorism Laws, (iii) the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended and (iv) the Patriot Act. No Credit Party nor any of their respective Restricted Subsidiaries will (A) engage in or conspire to engage in any transaction that attempts to violate (or evade in a manner that could violate) any of the foregoing or any similar Requirements of Law or (B) engage in or conspire to engage in any transaction that avoids, or has the purposes of avoiding any of the laws and regulations referenced in clauses (i), (ii) or (iv) of this clause (d) or any similar Requirements of Law. Post-Closing Deliveries.Section 5.15 The Borrower hereby agrees to deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the(a) Administrative Agent, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, the items described on Schedule 5.15 hereof on or before the dates specified with respect to such items, or such later dates as may be agreed to by, or as may be waived by, the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. All representations and warranties contained in this Agreement and the(b) other Loan Documents shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary to effect the foregoing (and to permit the taking of the actions described above within the time periods required above 141 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

and in Schedule 5.15, rather than as elsewhere provided in the Loan Documents); provided that (x) to the extent any representation and warranty would not be true because the foregoing actions were not taken on the Closing Date or, following the Closing Date, prior to the date by which such action is required to be taken by Section 5.15(a), the respective representation and warranty shall be required to be true and correct in all material respects at the time the respective action is taken (or was required to be taken) in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Section 5.15 (and Schedule 5.15) and (y) all representations and warranties relating to the assets set forth on Schedule 5.15 pursuant to the Security Documents shall be required to be true in all material respects immediately after the actions required to be taken under this Section 5.15 (and Schedule 5.15) have been taken (or were required to be taken), except to the extent any such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date. ARTICLE VI NEGATIVE COVENANTS Each of the Credit Parties warrants, covenants and agrees with each Lender that at all times after the Closing Date, so long as this Agreement shall remain in effect and until the Obligations have been Paid in Full and the Commitments have been terminated, none of the Credit Parties will, nor will permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to: Indebtedness. Incur, create, assume or permit to exist, directly orSection 6.01 indirectly, any Indebtedness, except: Indebtedness incurred under this Agreement and the other Loan(a) Documents (including Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 2.20, Section 2.21 and Section 2.22 hereof), and, in each case, any Permitted Refinancing thereof; (x) Indebtedness in existence on the Closing Date and set forth on(b) Schedule 6.01(b) and (y) Permitted Refinancings thereof; without duplication, Permitted Pari Passu Refinancing Debt and Permitted(c) Unsecured Refinancing Debt, and, in each case, any Permitted Refinancing thereof; Indebtedness under Hedging Obligations with respect to interest rates,(d) foreign currency exchange rates or commodity prices entered in the ordinary course of business and not entered into for speculative purposes; Indebtedness in respect of Purchase Money Obligations, Capital Lease(e) Obligations, Indebtedness incurred in connection with Sale Leaseback Transactions and Indebtedness incurred in connection with financing any Real Property, and any Permitted Refinancings of any of the foregoing, in an aggregate amount for all such Indebtedness under this clause (e) not to exceed, at any time outstanding, the greater of 15,000,000 and 3.6 of LQA Revenue for the most recently ended Test Period; Indebtedness in respect (x) appeal bonds or similar instruments and (y) of(f) payment, bid, performance or surety bonds, or other similar bonds, completion guarantees, or 142 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

similar instruments, workers compensation claims, health, disability or other employee benefits, self-insurance obligations, and bankers acceptances issued for the account of any Group Member, in each case, in the ordinary course of business and including guarantees supporting such appeal, payment, bid, performance or surety or other similar bonds, completion guarantees, or similar instruments, workers compensation claims, health, disability or other employee benefits, self-insurance obligations and bankers acceptances (in each case other than for an obligation for money borrowed); (i) Contingent Obligations in respect of Indebtedness otherwise permitted(g) to be incurred by such Group Member under this Section 6.01 (provided that (x) the foregoing shall not permit a Group Member to guarantee Indebtedness that it could not otherwise incur under this Section 6.01 and (y) if any such Indebtedness is subordinated (including as to lien or collateral priority) to the Obligations, such Contingent Obligation shall be subordinated on terms at least as favorable to the Lenders) and (ii) Indebtedness constituting Investments permitted under Section 6.03 (other than Section 6.03(l)); Indebtedness arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial(h) institution of a check, draft or similar instrument inadvertently (except in the case of daylight overdrafts) drawn against insufficient funds in the ordinary course of business; provided, however, that such Indebtedness is extinguished within five (5) Business Days of incurrence; Indebtedness arising in connection with the endorsement of instruments(i) for deposit in the ordinary course of business; Indebtedness in respect of netting services or overdraft protection or(j) otherwise in connection with deposit or securities accounts in the ordinary course of business; Indebtedness consisting of (i) the financing of insurance premiums or (ii)(k) take or pay obligations contained in supply arrangements, in each case, in the ordinary course of business; subject to Section 6.03(e), intercompany Indebtedness owing (i) by and(l) among the Credit Parties, (ii) by Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Credit Parties to Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Credit Parties, (iii) by Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Credit Parties to Credit Parties; provided that outstanding Indebtedness under this clause (l)(iii) (together (but without duplication) with Investments made pursuant to Section 6.03(e)(iii)) shall not exceed, at any time, 17,500,000 at any time outstanding, and (iv) by Credit Parties to Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Credit Parties; provided that Indebtedness under this clause (l)(iv) shall be subordinated to the Obligations pursuant to subordination terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and shall not exceed at any time 17,500,000 at any time outstanding; Indebtedness arising as a direct result of judgments, orders, awards or(m) decrees against the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case not constituting an Event of Default; 143 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

unsecured Indebtedness representing any Taxes to the extent such Taxes(n) are being contested by any Group Member in good faith by appropriate proceedings and adequate reserves are being maintained by the Group Members in accordance with GAAP; Indebtedness assumed in connection with any Permitted Acquisition or(o) other permitted Investment (provided that such Indebtedness was not incurred in contemplation of such Permitted Acquisition or other Investment) or incurred to finance a Permitted Acquisition or other Investment; provided that the aggregate principal amount of all such Indebtedness shall not exceed the greater of 20,000,000 and 4.8 of LQA Revenue for the most recently ended Test Period; Indebtedness of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Credit Parties (but(p) only to the extent non-recourse to the Credit Parties), and any guarantees thereof by Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Credit Parties, in aggregate principal amount not to exceed the greater of 17,500,000 and 4.2 of LQA Revenue for the most recently ended Test Period, at any time outstanding; Pre-Qualified IPO Unsecured Convertible Indebtedness; provided that if(q) such Pre-Qualified IPO Unsecured Convertible Indebtedness is (i) unsubordinated, the aggregate amount of such Indebtedness shall not exceed 200,000,000 and (ii) subordinated pursuant to a subordination agreement reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, the aggregate amount of such Indebtedness shall be uncapped; Post-Qualified IPO Unsecured Convertible Indebtedness in an amount not(r) to exceed the greater of (i) 350,000,000 and (ii) an unlimited amount so long as, on a Pro Forma Basis as of the Applicable Date of Determination and for the applicable Test Period, determined after giving effect to the incurrence of any such Post-Qualified IPO Unsecured Convertible Indebtedness, any Indebtedness repaid with the proceeds thereof and any Investment, disposition or debt incurrence in connection therewith and all other pro forma adjustments (but excluding the proceeds of such Post-Qualified IPO Unsecured Convertible Indebtedness in any cash or cash equivalents formulation), the Total Net Leverage Ratio does not exceed 1.67 to 1.00; Indebtedness in respect of Permitted Receivables Financings owed by a(s) Receivables Entity; provided that outstanding Indebtedness under this clause (s) shall not exceed the greater of 25,000,000 and 6.0 of LQA Revenue for the most recently ended Test Period at any time outstanding; additional Indebtedness of the Borrower and the other Restricted(t) Subsidiaries; provided that, immediately after giving effect to any of incurrence of Indebtedness under this clause (x), the sum of the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness outstanding under this clause (x) shall not exceed the greater of 10,000,000 and 2.4 of LQA Revenue for the most recently ended Test Period at such time; [reserved];(u) to the extent constituting Indebtedness, any contingent liabilities arising in(v) connection with any stock options; 144 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Indebtedness in respect of netting services, automatic clearinghouse(w) arrangements, overdraft protections and similar arrangements, in each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business; Earn-Outs, holdbacks and other similar deferred payment obligations(x) (regardless of whether such amounts constitute Indebtedness, a Deferred Payment Obligation ), in each case, incurred in connection with the any Permitted Acquisition or permitted Investment; provided that (i) the aggregate principal amount of such Deferred Payment Obligation shall not exceed the greater of 17,500,000 and 4.2 of LQA Revenue for the most recently ended Test Period and (ii) no Deferred Payment Obligations shall be permitted to be paid unless immediately before and after such payment: (x) no Event of Default shall occur or be continuing either immediately before or immediately after giving effect to such payment, and (y) the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries are in compliance with the financial covenant set forth in Section 6.08 (as of the last day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter for which financial statements have been or are required to be delivered to Administrative Agent); all premiums (if any), interest (including post-petition interest), fees,(y) expenses, charges and additional or contingent interest on obligations described in clauses (a) through (dd) above. The accrual of interest, the accretion of accreted value and the payment of PIK interest in the form of additional Indebtedness shall not be deemed to be an incurrence of Indebtedness and the amounts of such accruals and accretions shall not count as amounts of outstanding Indebtedness, for purposes of this Section 6.01. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Indebtedness in respect of any receivables programs, factoring facilities, any facilities or programs relating to Receivables Facility Assets and other similar facilities programs or arrangements may only be incurred pursuant to clause (s) above and may not be incurred or permitted pursuant to any other clause in this Section 6.01. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, for so long as T365 and its direct and indirect Subsidiaries, including T365Co are not Guarantors hereunder, none of T365, T365Co or any of any of their respective direct or indirect Subsidiaries shall be permitted to incur any Indebtedness or Contingent Obligations under clauses (a), (b), (c), (e), (o), (q), (r), (s), (t) or (x) of this Section 6.01. Liens. Create, incur, assume or permit to exist, directly orSection 6.02 indirectly, any Lien on any property now owned or hereafter acquired by it or on any income or revenues or rights in respect of any thereof, except the following (collectively, the Permitted Liens ): Liens for Taxes not yet due and payable or delinquent and Liens for Taxes(a) that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP; 145 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Liens in respect of property of any Group Member imposed by(b) Requirements of Law, (i) which were incurred in the ordinary course of business and do not secure Indebtedness for borrowed money, such as carriers , warehousemen s, materialmen s, landlords , workmen s, suppliers , repairmen s and mechanics Liens and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business or otherwise pertaining to Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01(f) and (h) which do not in the aggregate materially detract from the value of the property of the Group Members, taken as a whole, and do not materially impair the use thereof in the operation of the business of the Group Members, taken as a whole, and which, if they secure obligations that are then more than thirty days overdue and unpaid, are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, or (ii) arising mandatorily by Requirements of Law on the assets of any Foreign Subsidiary; any Lien in existence on the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule(c) 6.02(c) and any Lien granted as a replacement or substitute therefor; provided that any such replacement or substitute Lien (i) except as permitted by Section 6.01(b) does not secure an aggregate amount of Indebtedness (excluding any increase in such Indebtedness as a result of a PIK interest payment), if any, greater than the amount of such Indebtedness secured on the Closing Date or any Permitted Refinancing thereof and (ii) does not encumber any property in a material manner other than the property subject thereto on the Closing Date and any proceeds therefrom (any such Lien, an Existing Lien easements, rights-of-way, restrictions (including zoning restrictions),(d) covenants, conditions, licenses, encroachments, protrusions and other similar charges or encumbrances, and title deficiencies on or other irregularities with respect to any Real Property, in each case whether now or hereafter in existence, not (i) securing Indebtedness or (ii) individually or in the aggregate materially interfering with the ordinary conduct of the business and operations of the Group Members at such Real Property and the value, use and occupancy thereof; Liens to the extent arising out of judgments, orders, attachments, decrees(e) or awards not resulting in an Event of Default; Liens (x) imposed by Requirements of Law or deposits made in(f) connection therewith in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other types of social security legislation, (y) incurred to secure the performance of appeal bonds or incurred in the ordinary course of business to secure the performance of tenders, statutory obligations (other than excise taxes), surety, stay, customs bonds, statutory bonds, bids, leases (including deposits with respect thereto), government contracts, trade contracts, performance and return of money bonds and other similar obligations (exclusive of obligations for the payment of borrowed money) or (z) arising by virtue of deposits made in the ordinary course of business to secure liability for premiums to insurance carriers; provided that (i) with respect to subclauses (x), (y) and (z) of this clause (f), such Liens are for amounts not yet due and payable or delinquent or, to the extent such amounts are so due and payable, such amounts are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, which proceedings or orders entered in connection with such proceedings have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or 146 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

sale of the property subject to any such Lien and (ii) to the extent such Liens are not imposed by Requirements of Law, such Liens shall in no event encumber any property other than cash and cash equivalents (including Cash Equivalents); Leases, subleases, licenses and sublicenses of any Property (other than(g) Intellectual Property which is subject to Section 6.02(o)) of any Group Member granted by such Group Member to third parties, in each case entered into in the ordinary course of such Group Member s business; any interest or title of a lessor, sublessor, licensor, sublicensor, licensee or(h) sublicensee under any lease, sublease, license or sublicense (other than interests of a licensee or sublicensee with respect to Intellectual Property, which is subject to Section 6.02(o)) permitted by this Agreement or the other Security Documents; Liens which may arise as a result of municipal and zoning codes and(i) ordinances, building and other land use laws imposed by any Governmental Authority which are not violated in any material respect by existing improvements or the present use or occupancy of any Real Property, or in the case of any Material Property subject to a Mortgage, encumbrances disclosed in the title insurance policy issued to, and reasonably approved by, the Administrative Agent; Liens on cash collateral in respect of letters of credit entered into in the(j) ordinary course of business; Liens securing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(e); provided(k) that any such Liens attach only to the property being financed pursuant to such Indebtedness and do not encumber any other property of any Group Member; bankers Liens, rights of setoff and other similar Liens existing solely with(l) respect to cash and Cash Equivalents on deposit in one or more accounts maintained by any Group Member, in each case granted in the ordinary course of business in favor of the bank or banks with which such accounts are maintained, securing amounts owing to such bank with respect to cash management and operating account arrangements, including those involving pooled accounts and netting arrangements; provided that, unless such Liens are non-consensual and arise by operation of law, in no case shall any such Liens secure (either directly or indirectly) the repayment of any Indebtedness; Liens on property or assets of a person existing at the time such person or(m) asset is acquired or merged with or into or consolidated with any Group Member to the extent such acquisition or merger is permitted hereunder (and such Liens are not created in anticipation or contemplation thereof); provided that such Liens do not extend to property not subject to such Liens at the time of acquisition (other than improvements thereon or pursuant to an after-acquired property clause in the applicable security documents) and are no more favorable (as reasonably determined by the Borrower) to the lienholders than such existing Lien and do not secure Indebtedness permitted hereunder; 147 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

(i) Liens granted pursuant to the Security Documents to secure the Secured(n) Obligations (including Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 2.20, Section 2.21 and Section 2.22 hereof) and (ii) any Liens securing Permitted Pari Passu Refinancing Debt; provided, in each case, that such Liens are subject to any subordination or intercreditor requirements set forth in the applicable definitions referenced above in this Section 6.02(n); non-exclusive licenses and sublicenses of Intellectual Property granted by(o) any Group Member in the ordinary course of business or not interfering in any material respect with the ordinary conduct of business of the Group Members; the filing of UCC (or equivalent) financing statements solely as a(p) precautionary measure in connection with operating leases or consignment of goods; Liens securing Hedging Obligations permitted by Section 6.01(d);(q) [reserved];(r) Liens attaching solely to cash earnest money deposits in connection with(s) an Investment permitted by Section 6.03; Liens of a collecting bank arising in the ordinary course of business under(t) Section 4-208 of the UCC in effect in the relevant jurisdiction covering only the items being collected upon; Liens granted by a Restricted Subsidiary (i) that is not a Credit Party in(u) favor of any other Restricted Subsidiary in respect of Indebtedness or other obligations owed by such Restricted Subsidiary to such other Restricted Subsidiary and permitted hereby or (ii) in favor of any Credit Party; Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof granted in the(v) ordinary course of business to secure the financing of insurance premiums with respect thereto permitted under Section 6.01(k)(i); Liens (i) incurred in the ordinary course of business in connection with the(w) purchase or shipping of goods or assets (or the related assets and proceeds thereof), which Liens are in favor of the seller or shipper of such goods or assets and only attach to such goods or assets, and (ii) in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods; Liens of any Group Member with respect to Indebtedness and other(x) obligations that do not in the aggregate exceed the greater of 10,000,000 and 2.4 of LQA Revenue for the most recently ended Test Period at any time; Liens on assets or property of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Credit(y) Parties securing Indebtedness and other obligations of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Credit Parties permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 6.01; 148 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Liens securing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(l) (provided(z) that, with respect to Indebtedness incurred pursuant clause (iv) thereof, any such Lien shall be subordinated to the liens securing the Obligations pursuant to a subordination agreement reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent); Liens securing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(o) (so long(aa) as, in the case of clause (o)(i), such Liens secure only the same assets (and any after acquired assets pursuant to any after-acquired property clause in the applicable security documents) and the same Indebtedness that such Liens secured, immediately prior to the assumption of such Indebtedness, and so long as such Liens were not created in contemplation of such assumption); Liens on cash advances in favor of the seller of any property to be acquired(bb) in an Investment permitted pursuant to Section 6.03 to be applied against the purchase price for such Investment; Liens on Equity Interests (i) deemed to exist in connection with any(cc) options, put and call arrangements, rights of first refusal and similar rights relating to Investments in Persons that are not Restricted Subsidiaries of the Borrower or (ii) of any joint venture or similar arrangement pursuant to any joint venture or similar arrangement; restrictions on dispositions of assets to be disposed of pursuant to merger(dd) agreements, stock or asset purchase agreements and similar agreements, in each case, solely to the extent such disposition would be permitted pursuant to the terms hereof; Liens on accounts receivable, other Receivables Facility Assets, or(ee) accounts into which collections or proceeds of Receivables Facility Assets are deposited, in each case arising in connection with a Permitted Receivables Financing permitted under Section 6.01(s); and [reserved].(ff) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, for so long as T365 and its direct and indirect Subsidiaries, including T365Co are not Guarantors hereunder, none of T365, T365Co or any of any of their respective direct or indirect Subsidiaries shall be permitted to incur any Liens under clauses (k), (x), (y), or (aa) of this Section 6.02. Investments, Loans and Advances. Directly or indirectly, lendSection 6.03 money or credit (by way of guarantee or otherwise) or make advances to any person, or purchase or acquire any Equity Interests, bonds, notes, debentures, guarantees or other securities of, or make any capital contribution to, or acquire assets constituting all or substantially all of the assets of, or acquire assets constituting a line of business, business unit or division of, any other person (all of the foregoing, collectively, Investments ), except that the following shall be permitted: the Group Members may consummate the Transactions in accordance with(a) the provisions of the Transaction Documents; (i) Investments outstanding, contemplated, or made pursuant to binding(b) commitments in effect on the Closing Date and identified on Schedule 6.03(b) and (ii) 149 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Investments consisting of any modification, replacement, renewal, reinvestment or extension of any Investment described in clause (i) above; provided that (x) the amount of any Investment permitted pursuant to this clause (ii) is not increased from the amount of such Investment on the Closing Date except pursuant to the terms of such Investment as of the Closing Date or as otherwise permitted by this Section 6.03 and (y) with respect to contemplated Investments until initially consummated, the terms of such modification, replacement, renewal, reinvestment or extension of such Investment are not materially less favorable to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary than the terms of any such scheduled Investment; the Group Members may (i) acquire and hold accounts receivable owing to(c) any of them if created or acquired in the ordinary course of business and payable or dischargeable in accordance with customary terms, (ii) invest in, acquire and hold cash and cash equivalents (including Cash Equivalents), (iii) endorse negotiable instruments held for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business or (iv) make lease, utility and other similar deposits in the ordinary course of business; Hedging Obligations permitted by Section 6.01(d);(d) Investments (i) by any Group Member in a Credit Party, (ii) by any Group(e) Member that is not a Credit Party in any other Group Member (provided that any such Investments under this clause (e)(ii) in a Group Member that is a Credit Party shall be subordinated to the Obligations pursuant to subordination terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) and (iii) by any Credit Party in any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party; provided that Investments under this clause (e)(iii) (together (without duplication) with outstanding intercompany Indebtedness outstanding under Section 6.01(l)(iii)) by the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor in any other Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor shall not exceed, at any time outstanding, 17,500,000; Investments in securities or other assets of trade creditors or customers in(f) the ordinary course of business received in settlement of bona fide disputes or upon foreclosure or pursuant to any plan of reorganization or liquidation or similar arrangement upon the bankruptcy or insolvency of such trade creditors or customers; Investments held by any Group Member as a result of consideration(g) received in connection with an Asset Sale or other disposition made in compliance with Section 6.05 (other than Section 6.05(e)); Permitted Acquisitions;(h) pledges and deposits by any Group Member permitted under Section 6.02;(i) Investments consisting of earnest money deposits required in connection(j) with a Permitted Acquisition or other permitted Investment; Investments of any Person existing at the time such Person becomes a(k) Restricted Subsidiary or consolidates or merges with any Group Member (including in connection with a Permitted Acquisition) so long as such investments were not made in 150 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

contemplation of such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary or of such consolidation or merger; Contingent Obligations and other Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01,(l) performance guarantees, and transactions permitted under Section 6.04; [reserved];(m) Investments in deposit and investment accounts opened in the ordinary(n) course of business with financial institutions; unsecured intercompany advances by any Group Member to the Borrower(o) for purposes and in amounts that would otherwise be permitted to be made as Dividends to the Borrower pursuant to Section 6.06; provided that the principal amount of any such loans shall reduce dollar-for-dollar the amounts that would otherwise be permitted to be paid for such purpose in the form of Dividends pursuant to such Section; Investments to the extent constituting the reinvestment of the Net Cash(p) Proceeds arising from any Asset Sale (or other disposition) or Casualty Events to repair, replace or restore any property in respect of which such Net Cash Proceeds were paid or to reinvest in other fixed or Capital Assets or assets that are otherwise used or useful in the business of the Group Members (including pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition, Investment or Capital Expenditure); Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount (together(q) (without duplication) with all Investments outstanding under Section 6.03(u) and Section 6.03(bb)) not to exceed the greater of 25,000,000 and 6.0 of LQA Revenue for the most recently ended Test Period at any time outstanding; purchases and other acquisitions of inventory, materials, equipment,(r) intangible property and other assets in the ordinary course of business; (i) leases and subleases of real or personal property in the ordinary course(s) of business and not interfering in any material respect with the ordinary conduct of business of the Group Members and (ii) non-exclusive licenses and sublicenses of Intellectual Property permitted under Section 6.02 including loans and advances to licensees in connection therewith on an arm s length basis; Investments to the extent that payment for such Investments is made solely(t) with cash contributions from the issuance of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Capital Stock) of the Borrower which are Not Otherwise Applied and that are received within the year preceding any such Investments; Investments in joint ventures of any Group Member or the Borrower in an(u) aggregate amount (together (without duplication) with all Investments outstanding under Section 6.03(q) and Section 6.03(bb)) not to exceed the greater of 25,000,000 and 6.0 of LQA Revenue for the most recently ended Test Period at any time outstanding; 151 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

following the occurrence of a Qualified IPO and solely to the extent such(v) Investments are in connection with (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the entry into, payment of any premium with respect to, and the settlement of) Post-Qualified IPO Unsecured Convertible Indebtedness, any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction or Permitted Warrant Transaction, in each case, to the extent complied with by the Group Members in accordance with their terms; other Investments in an aggregate amount at any time not to exceed the(w) greater of 25,000,000 and 6.0 of LQA Revenue for the most recently ended Test Period at any time outstanding; plus the aggregate total of all other amounts available as a Restricted Debt Payment under Section 6.09(a)(H), which the Borrower may, from time to time, elect to reallocate to the making of Investments pursuant to this Section 6.03(w) (which re-allocation will reduce the amount available thereunder on a dollar-for-dollar basis for so long as, and to the extent that, the Investment made using such reallocated amount remains outstanding); to the extent constituting Investments, advances in respect of transfer(x) pricing and cost-sharing arrangements (i.e., cost-plus arrangements) that are (A) in the ordinary course of business and consistent with the Group Members historical practices and (B) funded not more than 120 days in advance of the applicable transfer pricing and cost-sharing payment; (i) loans to employees of a Group Member in an amount not to exceed the(y) greater of 4,000,000 and 1.0 of LQA Revenue for the most recently ended Test Period at any time outstanding and (ii) advances of payroll payments to employees in the ordinary course of business; the Permitted Indian Subsidiary Transaction;(z) Investments in the ordinary course of business (x) consisting of customary(aa) commercial arrangements and agreements, including program and course agreements, consistent with past practices and (y) in connection with obtaining, maintaining or renewing client and customer contracts and loans or advances made to distributors, customers or clients; Investments in similar businesses in an aggregate amount (together(bb) (without duplication) with all Investments outstanding under Section 6.03(q) and Section 6.03(u)) not to exceed the greater of 25,000,000 and 6.0 of LQA Revenue for the most recently ended Test Period at any time outstanding; reorganizations and other activities related to tax planning; provided that,(cc) in the reasonable business judgment of the Borrower (in consultation with the Administrative Agent), after giving effect to any such reorganizations and activities, there is no material adverse impact on the value of the (A) Collateral (taken as a whole) granted to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Lenders or (B) Guarantees in favor of the Lenders; and Investments in or by a Receivables Entity arising out of, or in connection(dd) with, any Permitted Receivables Financing; provided that any such Investment in a Receivables Entity shall be in the form of a contribution of Receivables Facility Assets in an amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the Investment necessary to support the Indebtedness 152 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(s) (it being understood that upon collection, settlement or write-off of such assets, such amounts shall not be deemed outstanding for purposes of calculating the foregoing limit) or in the form of Equity Interests; provided further that the aggregate amount of Investments at any time outstanding permitted by this clause (dd) shall not exceed 25,000,000. The amount of any Investment under this Section 6.03 shall be the initial amount of such Investment less all returns of principal, capital, Dividends and other cash returns therefrom (including, without limitation, any repayments, interest, returns, profits, distributions, income or similar amounts received in cash in respect of any Investment in any Unrestricted Subsidiary and the designation thereof) and less all liabilities expressly assumed by another person in connection with the sale of such Investment. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries shall only be permitted pursuant to Section 6.03(q). Mergers and Consolidations. Wind up, liquidate or dissolve itsSection 6.04 affairs or consummate a merger or consolidation, except that the following shall be permitted: Asset Sales or other dispositions in compliance with Section 6.05 (other(a) than clause (d) thereof); Investments permitted pursuant to Section 6.03 (other than clause (n)(b) thereof); (x) any Group Member may merge or consolidate with or into the(c) Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor (as long as the Borrower is the surviving person in the case of any merger or consolidation involving the Borrower, and such Subsidiary Guarantor is the surviving person in the case of any merger or consolidation involving such Subsidiary Guarantor (other than mergers or consolidations involving the Borrower)) and (y) any Restricted Subsidiary (other than the Borrower) that is not a Guarantor may merge or consolidate with or into any other Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor; a merger or consolidation pursuant to, and in accordance with, the(d) definition of Permitted Acquisition to the extent necessary to consummate such Permitted Acquisition; any Restricted Subsidiary (but not the Borrower) may dissolve, liquidate(e) or wind up its affairs at any time; provided that (i) such dissolution, liquidation or winding up, as applicable, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (ii) any property or assets of such Restricted Subsidiary that is a Credit Party that exist immediately prior to such dissolution, liquidation or winding up shall be transferred to a Credit Party upon such dissolution, liquidation or winding up; and the Closing Date Acquisition.(f) Asset Sales. Sell, lease, assign, transfer or otherwise dispose ofSection 6.05 any property, except that the following shall be permitted: 153 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

(x) sales, transfers, leases, subleases and other dispositions of inventory in(a) the ordinary course of business, property no longer used or useful in the business or worn out, obsolete, uneconomical, negligible or surplus property by any Group Member in the ordinary course of business, (y) the abandonment, allowance to lapse or other disposition of Intellectual Property that is, in the reasonable business judgment of the Borrower, immaterial or no longer economically practicable to maintain or (z) sales, transfers, leases, subleases and other dispositions of property by any Group Member (including Intellectual Property) that is, in the reasonable business judgment of the Borrower, immaterial or no longer used or useful in the business, or can be exchanged for consideration that is of greater value than such property so long as, in the cause of this clause (a)(z), such sales, transfers, leases and other dispositions do not exceed 1,000,000 in any fiscal year; any sale, lease, assignment, transfer or disposition; provided that (i) such(b) sale, lease, assignment, transfer or disposition shall be for fair market value (as reasonably determined by the Borrower in good faith), (ii) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (iii) the Net Cash Proceeds of such sale, lease, assignment, transfer or disposition shall be applied in accordance with Section 2.10(c), and (iv) with respect to any aggregate consideration received in respect thereof in excess of 11,250,000, at least 75 of the purchase price for all property subject to such sale, lease, assignment, transfer or disposition shall be paid in cash or Cash Equivalents (with assumed liabilities treated as cash and other Designated Noncash Consideration treated as cash) so long as the total Designated Noncash Consideration outstanding at any time does not exceed the greater of 15,000,000 and 3.6 of LQA Revenue for the most recently ended Test Period in the aggregate; provided that Designated Noncash Consideration cannot be utilized for the sale, lease, assignment, transfer, exclusive license or disposition of any material Intellectual Property; (x) leases, assignments and subleases of real or personal property in the(c) ordinary course of business and not interfering in any material respect with the ordinary conduct of business of the Group Members and (y) non-exclusive licenses and sublicenses of Intellectual Property otherwise permitted under Section 6.02; transactions in compliance with Section 6.04 (other than Section 6.04(a));(d) Investments in compliance with Section 6.03, Liens in compliance with(e) Section 6.02, Dividends in compliance with Section 6.06 and Restricted Debt Payments in compliance with Section 6.09; sales of any non-core assets (i) acquired in connection with any Permitted(f) Acquisitions or other Investments in compliance with Section 6.03 or (ii) to obtain the approval of an anti-trust authority or required to comply with any order of any other agency, authority or regulatory body or Requirements of Law (including, in each case, in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or other permitted Investment); sales, discounts, disposals or forgiveness of customer delinquent notes or(g) accounts receivable (including, in all events, the disposition of delinquent accounts receivable pursuant to any factoring arrangement) in the ordinary course of business in connection with settlement, collection or compromise thereof; 154 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

use of cash and disposition of Cash Equivalents in the ordinary course of(h) business; sales, transfers, leases and other dispositions of Real Property to the extent(i) required by any Governmental Authority or otherwise required by any Requirements of law; sales, transfers, leases and other dispositions (i) to the Borrower or to any(j) other Credit Party, (ii) to any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party from another Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party (other than T365, T365Co or any of their respective direct or indirect Subsidiaries), or (iii) to any of the Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Credit Parties (other than T365, T365Co or any of their respective direct or indirect Subsidiaries) from a Credit Party, so long as, such sales, transfers, leases and other dispositions pursuant to this clause (j)(iii) do not exceed 17,500,000 in the aggregate; sales, transfers, leases and other dispositions of accounts receivable in(k) connection with the compromise, settlement or collection thereof in the ordinary course of business; sales, transfers, leases and other dispositions of property to the extent that(l) such property constitutes an Investment permitted by Section 6.03(g) or another asset received as consideration for the disposition of any asset permitted by this Section 6.05; sales or dispositions of immaterial Equity Interests to qualify directors(m) where required by applicable Requirements of Law or to satisfy other similar Requirements of Law with respect to the ownership of Equity Interests; any concurrent purchase and sale, swap or exchange of any asset used or(n) useful in the business of the Borrower and the other Restricted Subsidiaries or in any line of business permitted hereunder, or any combination of any such assets and cash or Cash Equivalents, between the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary on one hand and another person on the other; dispositions resulting from any casualty or other insured damage to, or any(o) taking under power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceeding of, any property or asset of any Group Member; (i) the disposition, unwinding or terminating of Hedging Agreements not(p) entered into for speculative purposes or the transactions contemplated thereby, (ii) to the extent constituting a disposition and otherwise permitted by Sections 6.01(q) or (r), the issuance or sale of any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness (and the performance by the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof of such Person s obligations thereunder) by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, and (iii) following the occurrence of a Qualified IPO and solely to the extent in connection with Post-Qualified IPO Unsecured Convertible Indebtedness: (A) the unwinding or terminating of any Permitted Warrant Transaction by the Borrower and (B) the unwinding or terminating of any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction, and in each case of the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the performance by the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof of such Person s obligations thereunder; 155 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

other sales or dispositions in an amount not to exceed 8,750,000 in any(q) fiscal year; Sale Leaseback Transactions in an amount not to exceed 8,750,000 in the(r) aggregate; the sale or disposition of Unrestricted Subsidiaries;(s) the surrender or waiver of contractual rights and settlements, releases or(t) waivers of contractual or litigation claims in the ordinary course of business; Permitted Liens;(u) dispositions scheduled on Schedule 6.05;(v) the issuance or sale of Equity Interests in the Borrower to the extent it does(w) not directly or indirectly cause a Change in Control and such issuance or sale is not otherwise prohibited hereunder; and dispositions of Receivables Facility Assets in connection with any(x) Permitted Receivables Financing; provided that the aggregate amount of Receivables Facility Assets and other related assets sold in any such transaction shall not exceed the amount necessary to support the Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(s) (it being understood that upon collection, settlement or write-off of such assets, such amounts shall not be deemed outstanding for purposes of calculating the foregoing limit); provided, however, that the aggregate amount of dispositions at permitted by this clause (x) in any twelve-month period shall not exceed 25,000,000. To the extent the Required Lenders or all the Lenders, as applicable, waive the provisions of this Section 6.05 with respect to the sale of any Collateral, or any Collateral is sold as permitted by this Section 6.05, such Collateral (unless sold to a Credit Party) shall be sold automatically free and clear of the Liens created by the Security Documents, and, at the request of the Borrower, the Agents shall take all actions they reasonably deem appropriate in order to effect the foregoing. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Credit Party shall directly or indirectly sell, transfer, assign, grant any exclusive license to, contribute to, or otherwise dispose of, any material Intellectual Property to any Person that is not a Credit Party (including, without limitation, by way of selling, transferring, or otherwise disposing of any Credit Party that owns any such Intellectual Property or has been granted any exclusive license to any such Intellectual Property owned by a Credit Party). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in no event shall any Group Member contribute, sell, assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of any Receivables Facility Assets and other related assets, including in connection with any factoring transaction, any receivables transaction, any facilities or programs relating to Receivables Facility Assets or other similar transactions, other than pursuant to clause (x) above and any Receivables Facility Assets and 156 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

other related assets may not be disposed of and such disposal shall not otherwise be permitted pursuant to any other clause in this Section 6.05. Dividends. Authorize, declare or pay, directly or indirectly, anySection 6.06 Dividends with respect to any Group Member, except that the following shall be permitted (subject to the proviso in Section 6.03(o)): Dividends by any Group Member (x) to the Borrower or any Subsidiary(a) Guarantor, (y) to any Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor; provided that any such Dividend under this clause (y) is either (I) paid only in Equity Interests of such Group Member (other than Disqualified Capital Stock) or (II) if paid in cash, is paid to all shareholders on a pro rata basis and (z) if T365 has declared a Dividend, to the Minority Holder with respect to its interest in T365; provided that any such Dividend under this clause (z) shall be permitted only if (II) it is paid to all shareholders on a pro rata basis and (II) other than the Minority Holder, the only shareholders receiving such Dividends are Credit Parties; for any taxable period for which the Borrower or any Subsidiaries of the(b) Borrower are members of a consolidated, combined, unitary, or similar income tax group for federal and/or applicable state or local income tax purposes or are entities treated as disregarded from any such members for U.S. federal income Tax purposes (a Tax Group of which the Borrower (or any direct or indirect parent company of the Borrower) is the common parent, the Borrower and the Borrower s Subsidiaries may make Dividends, directly or indirectly, to the Borrower (and the Borrower may pay to any direct or indirect parent company of the Borrower) to permit the parent of such Tax Group to pay any consolidated, combined or similar income Taxes of such Tax Group that are due and payable by the parent of such Tax Group for such taxable period to the extent attributable to the Borrower and/or Subsidiaries of the Borrower, provided that Dividends in respect of an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall be permitted only to the extent that Dividends were made by such Unrestricted Subsidiary to such Group Member or any of its Subsidiaries for such purpose; provided further that (x) the amount of Dividends permitted to be made under this Section 6.06(b) for any taxable period shall not exceed the lesser of (A) the amount of such Taxes that would have been due and payable by the Borrower and/or the applicable Subsidiaries of the Borrower had the Borrower and/or such Subsidiaries of the Borrower, as applicable, been a stand-alone corporate taxpayer (or a stand-alone corporate Tax Group) and (B) the actual Tax liability of the Borrower for such taxable period, (y) to the extent that such Taxes are attributable to Subsidiaries of the Borrower that are not Credit Parties, such Taxes must be funded by such Subsidiaries and (z) if the Borrower receives a refund from a Governmental Authority in respect of any amounts paid pursuant to this Section 6.06(b), any subsequent distributions pursuant to this Section 6.06(b) shall be reduced by the amount of such refund; repurchases of Equity Interests deemed to occur upon the exercise of stock(c) options if the Equity Interests represent a portion of the exercise price thereof and satisfaction of any tax obligations related thereto; the fees, payments and expenses made in connection with the Transactions(d) or used to fund amounts owed to equityholders in connection therewith (including Dividends paid to holders of Equity Interests of T365 immediately prior to giving effect to the Closing Date 157 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Acquisition, or any assignee thereof, in connection with, or as a result of, their exercise of appraisal rights and the resolution or settlement of any claims or actions (whether actual, contingent or potential) with respect thereto, in each case, with respect to the Transactions), in each case to the extent permitted by Section 6.07 (other than clause (a) thereof); the Permitted Indian Subsidiary Transaction;(e) Dividends made solely in Equity Interests of the Borrower (other than(f) Disqualified Capital Stock); so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or(g) would immediately result therefrom, Dividends to the extent that payment for such Dividends is made solely with cash contributions from the substantially concurrent issuance of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Capital Stock) of the Borrower, which are Not Otherwise Applied; following the consummation of a Qualified IPO, so long as no Event of(h) Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of declaration of any such Dividend or would result therefrom, the Borrower and the other Restricted Subsidiaries may (or may make Dividends to any parent company of the Borrower to enable it to) make Dividends with respect to any Equity Interest in any amount of up to 6 per annum of the net cash proceeds from such Qualified IPO; so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would(i) immediately result therefrom, payments to repurchase or redeem Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower (or any direct or indirect parent company of the Borrower) held by current or former officers, directors, employees or consultants (or their transferees, spouses, exspouses, estates, heirs, family members or beneficiaries under their estates) of any Group Member (including, without limitation, upon their death, disability, retirement, severance or termination of employment or service or to make payments on Indebtedness issued to buy such Qualified Capital Stock including, without limitation, upon their death, disability, retirement, severance or termination of employment or service); provided that the aggregate cash consideration (for the avoidance of doubt excluding cancellation of Indebtedness owed by such person) paid for all such redemptions and payments shall not exceed, in any fiscal year, the sum of (i) the greater of 4,000,000 and 1.0 of LQA Revenue for the most recently ended Test Period, plus (ii) the net cash proceeds of any key-man life insurance policies of any Group Member that have not been used to make any repurchases, redemptions or payments under this clause (b); provided, further, that any Dividends or payments permitted to be made (but not made) pursuant to subclause (i) of this clause (b) in a given fiscal year of the Borrower may be carried forward and made in the immediately succeeding fiscal year of the Borrower (and shall be utilized last after all other amounts are utilized); provided, further, that during an Event of Default any payments described in this clause may accrue and shall be permitted to be paid upon such Event of Default no longer existing so long as no other Event of Default is continuing at such time; provided, further, that, at any time after a Qualified IPO, any repurchase or redemption of Qualified Capital Stock of the officers, directors, employees or consultants (or their transferees, spouses, exspouses, estates, heirs, family members or beneficiaries under their estates) of any Group Member as the result of a tender offer made to all holders of such class or series of Qualified Capital Stock shall not be 158 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

subject to the limitations contained in this clause (i); provided, however, that the foregoing cap in this clause (i) shall not apply with respect to the repurchase of unvested or restricted Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower (or any direct or indirect parent company of the Borrower) from any officers, directors, employees or consultants of any Group Member upon their death, disability, retirement, severance or termination of employment or service so long as the amount paid to repurchase such unvested or restricted Qualified Capital Stock does not exceed the amount paid to the Borrower (or any direct or indirect parent company of the Borrower) to purchase such unvested or restricted Capital Stock by such officer, director, employee or consultant. following the occurrence of a Qualified IPO and solely to the extent such(j) Dividends are in connection with (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the entry into, payment of any premium with respect to, and the settlement of) Post-Qualified IPO Unsecured Convertible Indebtedness (i) payments of premium in respect of, and otherwise perform its obligations under (including the unwinding of), a Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction permitted or required in accordance with its terms and (ii) the settlement of any related Permitted Warrant Transaction (x) by delivery of shares of the Borrower s Qualified Capital Stock in the form of common stock upon settlement thereof or (y) by (A) a permitted set-off against the related Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction or (B) payment of an early termination amount thereof in Borrower s Qualified Capital Stock in the form of common stock upon any early termination thereof; and so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be(k) continuing or would immediately result therefrom, additional Dividends may be made to any equity holder of the Borrower in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of 10,000,000 and 2.4 of LQA Revenue for the most recently ended Test Period. Transactions with Affiliates. Except as otherwise permittedSection 6.07 hereunder, enter into, directly or indirectly, any transactions, whether or not in the ordinary course of business, with any Affiliate of any Group Member (other than among the Borrower and any Guarantor or any entity that becomes a Subsidiary Guarantor or a Borrower as a result of such transactions), other than on terms and conditions at least as favorable to such Group Member (or, in the case of a transaction between a Credit Party and a Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party, such Credit Party) as would reasonably be obtained by such Group Member at that time in a comparable arm s-length transaction with a person other than an Affiliate (as reasonably determined by the Borrower), except that the following shall be permitted: transactions among the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiaries that(a) are Guarantors (or transactions solely among Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors) which are not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement or the Loan Documents; director, officer and employee compensation (including bonuses) and other(b) benefits (including, without limitation, retirement, health, incentive equity and other benefit plans) and expense reimbursement and indemnification arrangements and severance agreements; 159 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

transactions with customers, clients, suppliers, joint venture partners or(c) purchasers or sellers of goods and services, in each case in the ordinary course of business and otherwise permitted by the Loan Documents; transactions in furtherance of consummating any reorganization or other(d) activity related to tax planning otherwise permitted hereunder to the extent that after giving effect thereto, in the reasonable business judgment of the Borrower (in consultation with the Administrative Agent), there is no material adverse impact on the value of the (A) Collateral (taken as a whole) granted to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Lenders or (B) Guarantees in favor of the Lenders; any transaction with an Affiliate where the only consideration paid by any(e) Credit Party is Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower; agreements relating to Intellectual Property not interfering in any material(f) respect with the ordinary conduct of business of or the value of such Intellectual Property to the Credit Parties or materially impairing the security interest granted under the Security Agreement therein held by the Collateral Agent; any other agreement, arrangement or transaction as in effect on the Closing(g) Date and listed on Schedule 6.07, and any amendment or modification with respect to such agreement, arrangement or transaction, and the performance of obligations thereunder, so long as such amendment or modification is not materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders; the Transactions as contemplated by the Transaction Documents, including(h) the payment of any fees, costs or expenses related to such Transactions; transactions entered into by any Unrestricted Subsidiary with an Affiliate(i) prior to the re-designation of any such Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to the definition of Unrestricted Subsidiary provided that such transactions were not entered into in contemplation of such re-designation; the existence of, or the performance by the Borrower or any of its(j) Restricted Subsidiaries of its obligations under the terms of, the Closing Date Acquisition Agreement and any stockholders or similar agreement (including any registration rights agreement or purchase agreement related thereto) to which it is a party as of the Closing Date and any amendment thereto or similar agreements, transactions or arrangements which it may enter into thereafter; provided, however, that the existence of, or the performance by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of obligations under any future amendment or replacement agreement to any such existing agreement or under any similar agreement, transaction or arrangement entered into after the Closing Date shall only be permitted by this clause (l) to the extent that the terms of any such amendment or new agreement, transaction or arrangement are not otherwise materially disadvantageous to the Lenders when taken as a whole as compared to the applicable agreement as in effect on the Closing Date; any customary transactions with a Receivables Entity effected as part of a(k) Permitted Receivables Financing; and 160 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

the Permitted Indian Subsidiary Transaction.(l) Financial Covenant. Permit Liquidity, as of (a) the last day of eachSection 6.08 month of the Borrower, commencing with the first full month ending after the Closing Date through and including any month ending prior to the consummation of a Qualified IPO, to be less than 25,000,000 and (b) the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower, commencing with the first full fiscal quarter of the Borrower ending after the consummation of a Qualified IPO, to be less than 25,000,000. Prepayments of Certain Indebtedness; Modifications ofSection 6.09 Organizational Documents and Other Documents, etc. Directly or indirectly make any voluntary or optional payment or(a) prepayment of, or repurchase, redemption, conversion, exchange, settlement or acquisition for value of, or any prepayment or redemption as a result of any Asset Sale, change of control or similar event of, any Indebtedness for borrowed money outstanding under documents evidencing any (x) Indebtedness that is secured on a junior lien basis to the Obligations, (y) Indebtedness that is unsecured (including, without limitation, any Convertible Indebtedness) or (z) Subordinated Indebtedness Restricted Debt Payment except (A) in the case of Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, (1) (i) any payments in connection with a Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction to the extent permitted by Section 6.06(j) and (ii) the settlement of any related Permitted Warrant Transaction to the extent permitted by Section 6.06(j) or (b) payment of an early termination amount thereof in the Borrower s Qualified Capital Stock in the form of common stock upon any early termination thereof, (2) the issuance of Qualified Capital Stock upon the repurchase, redemption, conversion, exchange, exercise or settlement of any security (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the conversion or exchange of any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness into such Qualified Capital Stock), (3) payments of interest under any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness but only to the extent, in each case, not restricted by the Intercreditor Agreement or subordination agreement with respect thereto, and (4) any payments in connection with repurchase, exchange or inducement of the conversion of Permitted Convertible Indebtedness (a Refinanced Series of Convertible Debt by delivery of shares of Borrower s Qualified Capital Stock in the form of common stock and/or a different series of Permitted Convertible Indebtedness (which such new series of Permitted Convertible Indebtedness replacing such Refinanced Series of Convertible Debt (such new series, a Refinancing Convertible Notes (x) matures after, and does not require any scheduled amortization or other scheduled payments of principal prior to, the analogous date under the indenture governing the Refinanced Series of Convertible Debt that are so repurchased, exchanged or converted, (y) has terms, conditions and covenants that are no less favorable to Borrower than the Refinanced Series of Convertible Debt that are so repurchased, exchanged or converted (as determined by the Borrower in good faith and in its reasonable discretion) and (z) would otherwise qualify as and be permitted hereunder as the same type of Permitted Convertible Indebtedness as such Refinanced Series of Convertible Debt being so repurchased, exchanged or converted as if such Refinancing Convertible Notes was being issued on such date under Section 6.01(q) or (r)) and/or by payment of cash (in an amount that does not exceed the proceeds received by the Borrower from the substantially concurrent issuance of shares of Borrower s common stock and/or Refinancing Convertible Notes plus the net cash proceeds, if any, received by the Borrower pursuant to the related exercise or early unwind or termination of the related Permitted 161 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Bond Hedge Transactions and Permitted Warrant Transactions, if any, pursuant to the immediately following proviso), in each case, to the extent any such amounts are not otherwise applied; provided that, substantially concurrently with, or a commercially reasonable period of time before or after, the related settlement date for the Refinanced Series of Convertible Debt that are so repurchased, exchanged or converted, the Borrower shall (and, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be permitted hereunder to) exercise or unwind or terminate early (whether in cash, shares or any combination thereof) the portion of the Permitted Bond Hedge Transactions and Permitted Warrant Transactions, if any, corresponding to such Refinanced Series of Convertible Debt that are so repurchased, exchanged or converted, (B) in connection with any Permitted Refinancing thereof but only to the extent, in each case, not restricted by the Intercreditor Agreement or subordination agreement with respect thereto, (C) prepaying, redeeming, purchasing, defeasing or otherwise satisfying prior to the scheduled maturity thereof (or setting apart any property for such purpose) (1) in the case of any Group Member that is not a Credit Party, any Indebtedness owing by such Group Member to any other Group Member, (2) otherwise, any Indebtedness owing to any Credit Party and (3) so long as no Event of Default is continuing or would immediately result therefrom, any mandatory prepayments of Indebtedness incurred under clauses (b) and (e) of Section 6.01 and any Permitted Refinancing thereof, (D) making regularly scheduled payments of interest in respect of such Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness owing to any Affiliate of the Borrower other than a Credit Party or (if owed by a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party) any Restricted Subsidiary) and payments of fees, expenses and indemnification obligations thereunder but only to the extent, in each case, not restricted by the Intercreditor Agreement or subordination agreement with respect thereto, (E) so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would immediately result therefrom, to the extent that such payment is made solely with cash contributions from the issuance of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Capital Stock) of the Borrower, which are and Not Otherwise Applied and are received substantially concurrently with such Restricted Debt Payment, (F) converting (or exchanging) any Indebtedness to (or for) Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower, (G) any AHYDO catch-up payments with respect thereto, (H) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, making prepayments, redemptions, purchases, defeasance or other satisfaction of Indebtedness in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of 15,000,000 and 3.6 of LQA Revenue for the most recently ended Test Period, (I) [reserved], (J) any payments of intercompany obligations permitted under an intercompany subordination agreement or the other subordination terms approved by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.01(l) hereunder, and (K) in connection with the refinancing or exchange of any Indebtedness acquired in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or similar Investment to the extent such Indebtedness was not incurred in contemplation of such Permitted Acquisition or similar Investment to the extent such refinancing is permitted hereunder; at no time shall the direct ownership by the Credit Parties of the Equity(b) Interests of T365 constitute less than 90.1 of the total outstanding Equity Interests thereof (on a fully diluted basis); (i) terminate, amend, modify or change any of its Organizational(c) Documents (including, without limitation, the Organizational Documents of T365 and the contractual agreements relating to the ownership, voting and economic rights of the Minority Holder with respect to its equity interest in T365) other than any such amendments, modifications or changes or such new agreements which are not materially adverse to the 162 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

interests of the Lenders; provided that any adverse change to the rights of the Administrative Agent and/or the Lenders in the T365 Equity Interests shall be deemed material; provided, further that any customary modifications of the Organizational Documents made in connection with a Qualified IPO will be deemed neither material nor adverse to the interest of the Lenders or (ii) otherwise cause the Organizational Documents of T365 and any other contractual agreements relating to the ownership, voting and economic rights of the Minority Holder with respect to T365 to permit (and not require any consent with respect to) the unrestricted pledge of the Equity Interests in T365 held by any Credit Party (the T365 Equity Interests ), including (x) permitting and granting all ownership and equity appurtenant thereto or required for the Collateral Agent to have a full pledge of such T365 Equity Interests and (y) not prohibiting or restricting the transfer of ownership or rights or enforcement of the pledge rights by the Collateral Agent, in each case, including by enforcement of proxy rights, sale, disposal or otherwise, of the T365 Equity Interests or otherwise prohibiting or restricting the Collateral Agent or the Lenders owning, controlling, allocating, directing or otherwise exercising rights under the T365 Equity Interests. Notwithstanding anything else contained herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and each Lender party hereto hereby acknowledge and agree that (x) the T365 Equity Interests and (y) the Equity Interests in T365Co held by any Credit Party (the T365Co Equity Interests are in each case subject to the transfer restrictions set forth in the Amended and Restated Bylaws of T365 or the share legend of T365Co, as applicable, and any transfer, sale or other conveyance of either the T365 Equity Interests or the T365Co Equity Interests is in each case subject in all respects to the prior written consent of the California Department of Insurance; amend, modify or change any term or condition of documents evidencing(d) Indebtedness that is secured on a junior lien basis to the Obligations, Indebtedness that is unsecured or Subordinated Indebtedness (including, without limitation, any Convertible Indebtedness), (i) except with respect to any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, other than in connection with a Permitted Refinancing, if the outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness exceeds 17,500,000 in the aggregate, in any manner material and adverse to the interests of the Lenders, (ii) in the case of Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, other than (1) in connection with a permitted exchange of a Refinanced Series of Convertible Debt with Refinancing Convertible Notes to the extent permitted under Section 6.09(a)(A)(4) or (2) to the extent such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness would otherwise qualify as and be permitted hereunder as the same type of Permitted Convertible Indebtedness being so amended, modified or changed as if such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness was being issued on such date of the amendment, modification and/or change under Section 6.01(q) or (r), or (iii) in contravention of any Intercreditor Agreement or subordination provisions with respect to such Indebtedness, in each case without the consent of the Required Lenders (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); and terminate, amend, modify or change the Closing Date Acquisition(e) Agreement (or many material documents related thereto) other than any such amendments, modifications or changes or such new agreements which are not materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders. No Further Negative Pledge; Subsidiary Distributions. Enter intoSection 6.10 any agreement, instrument, deed or lease which (a) prohibits or limits the ability of any Credit 163 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Party to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of their respective properties or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or which requires the grant of any security for an obligation if security is granted for another obligation or (b) prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon the ability of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Credit Party from paying dividends or other distributions with respect to any of its Equity Interests or to make or repay loans or advances to any Restricted Subsidiary or to Guarantee Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case, except the following: (i) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and any documents governing any Incremental Facility or, in each case, any Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof; (ii) covenants in documents creating Liens permitted by Section 6.02 prohibiting further Liens on the properties encumbered thereby; (iii) any other agreement that does not restrict in any manner (directly or indirectly) Liens created pursuant to the Loan Documents on any Collateral securing the Secured Obligations and does not require the direct or indirect granting of any Lien securing any Indebtedness or other obligation by virtue of the granting of Liens on or pledge of property of any Credit Party to secure the Secured Obligations; (iv) customary covenants and restrictions in any indenture, agreement, document, instrument or other arrangement relating to non-material assets or business of any Subsidiary existing prior to the consummation of a Permitted Acquisition in which such Subsidiary was acquired (and not created in contemplation of such Permitted Acquisition); (v) customary restrictions on cash or other deposits; (vi) net worth provisions in leases and other agreements entered into by a Group Member in the ordinary course of business and/or in the customary documents entered into in connection with any Permitted Receivables Facility; (vii) contractual encumbrances or restrictions existing on the Closing Date; and (viii) any prohibition or limitation that (I) exists pursuant to applicable Requirements of Law, (II) consists of customary restrictions and conditions contained in any agreement relating to the sale of any property permitted under Section 6.05, stock sale agreement, joint venture agreement, sale/leaseback agreement, purchase agreements, or acquisition agreements (including by way of merger, acquisition or consolidation) entered into by a Credit Party or any Subsidiary solely to the extent pending the consummation of such transaction, which covenant or restriction is limited to the assets that are the subject of such agreements, (III) restricts subletting or assignment of leasehold interests contained in any Lease governing a leasehold interest of a Credit Party or a Subsidiary, or (IV) is imposed by any amendments or refinancings that are otherwise permitted by the Loan Documents of the contracts, instruments or obligations referred to in immediately preceding clauses (i) through (viii) of this Section 6.10; provided that such amendments and refinancings are no more materially restrictive with respect to such prohibitions and limitations than those prior to such amendment or refinancing. Nature of Business. The Borrower and its Restricted SubsidiariesSection 6.11 will not engage in any material line of business other than those material lines of business substantially similar to the lines of business conducted by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on the Closing Date or any business reasonably related, similar, corollary, complementary, incidental or ancillary thereto. Fiscal Year. Change its fiscal year end date to a date other thanSection 6.12 December 31, other than with the previous written consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 164 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

ARTICLE VII GUARANTEE The Guarantee. Each Guarantor and the Borrower hereby jointlySection 7.01 and severally guarantees, as a primary obligor and not as a surety, to each Secured Party and its successors and permitted assigns, the prompt payment in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration, demand, or acceleration or otherwise) of the principal of and interest on (including any interest, fees, costs or charges that would accrue but for the provisions of Title 11 of the United States Code after any bankruptcy or insolvency petition under Title 11 of the United States Code) the Loans made by the Lenders to, and the Notes held by each Lender of, the Borrower, and all other Secured Obligations from time to time owing to the Secured Parties by any Credit Party under any Loan Document strictly in accordance with the terms thereof (such obligations being herein collectively called the Guaranteed Obligations ). Each Guarantor and the Borrower hereby jointly and severally agree that if, in the case of such Guarantor, the Borrower or any other Guarantor, and in the case of the Borrower, any Guarantor, shall fail to pay in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the Borrower and the Guarantors will promptly pay the same in cash, without any demand or notice whatsoever, and that in the case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the same will be promptly paid in full when due (whether at extended maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) in accordance with the terms of such extension or renewal. Obligations Unconditional. The obligations of the Guarantors and,Section 7.02 as applicable, the Borrower under Section 7.01 shall constitute a guaranty of payment and performance (and not collection) of Guaranteed Obligations and, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, are absolute, irrevocable and unconditional, and joint and several, irrespective of the value, genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of the Guaranteed Obligations under this Agreement, the Notes, if any, or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein, or any substitution, release or exchange of any other guarantee of or security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations, and, irrespective of any other circumstance whatsoever that might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a surety or guarantor (except for Payment in Full of the Guaranteed Obligations). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing and subject to applicable law, it is agreed that the occurrence of any one or more of the following shall not alter or impair the liability of the Credit Parties hereunder, which shall remain absolute, irrevocable and unconditional under any and all circumstances as described above: at any time or from time to time, without notice to the Credit Parties, the(a) time for any performance of or compliance with any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be extended, or such performance or compliance shall be waived; any of the acts mentioned in any of the provisions of this Agreement or the(b) Notes, if any, or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein shall be done or omitted (except for Payment in Full of the Guaranteed Obligations); the maturity of any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be accelerated, or(c) any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be amended in any respect, or any right under the Loan 165 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Documents or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein shall be amended or waived in any respect or any other guarantee of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any security therefor shall be released or exchanged in whole or in part or otherwise dealt with; any Lien or security interest granted to, or in favor of, any Lender, the(d) Issuing Bank, the Agent or other Secured Party as security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall fail to be valid and perfected; any exercise of remedies with respect to any security for the Guaranteed(e) Obligations (including, without limitation, any collateral, including the Collateral securing or purporting to secure any of the Guaranteed Obligations) at such time and in such order and in such manner as the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties may decide and whether or not every aspect thereof is commercially reasonable and whether or not such action constitutes an election of remedies and even if such action operates to impair or extinguish any right of reimbursement or subrogation or other right or remedy that any Credit Party would otherwise have and without limiting the generality of the foregoing but other than with respect to any rights expressly set forth herein or in any other Loan Document, each Credit Party hereby expressly waives any and all benefits which might otherwise be available to such Credit Party in its capacity as a guarantor under applicable law; or the release of any other Guarantor pursuant to Section 7.09 or 9.10.(f) The Credit Parties hereby expressly waive, to the extent permitted by law, diligence, presentment, demand of payment, protest and all notices whatsoever (other than any notices expressly required hereby or by any other Loan Document), and any requirement that any Secured Party exhaust any right, power or remedy or proceed against the Borrower or any other Credit Party under this Agreement or the Notes, if any, or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein or therein, or against any other person under any other guarantee of, or security for, any of the Guaranteed Obligations. The Credit Parties waive, to the extent permitted by law, any and all notice of the creation, renewal, extension, waiver, termination or accrual of any of the Guaranteed Obligations and notice of or proof of reliance by any Secured Party upon this Guarantee or acceptance of this Guarantee, and the Guaranteed Obligations, and any of them, shall be deemed to have been created, contracted or incurred in reliance upon this Guarantee, and all dealings between the Borrower and/or the Guarantors on the one hand and the Secured Parties on the other hand shall likewise be presumed to have been had or consummated in reliance upon this Guarantee. This Guarantee shall be construed as a continuing, absolute, irrevocable and unconditional guarantee of payment and performance of the Guaranteed Obligations without regard to any right of offset with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations at any time or from time to time held by Secured Parties, and the obligations and liabilities of the Credit Parties hereunder shall not be conditioned or contingent upon the pursuit by the Secured Parties or any other person at any time of any right or remedy against the Borrower or any other Credit Party or against any other person which may be or become liable in respect of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or against any collateral security or guarantee therefor or right of offset with respect thereto. This Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect and be binding in accordance with and to the extent of its terms upon the Credit Parties and the successors and assigns thereof, and shall inure to the benefit of the Lenders, and their respective successors and permitted assigns, 166 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

notwithstanding that from time to time during the term of this Agreement there may be no Guaranteed Obligations outstanding. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Credit Party waives all rights and defenses arising out of any applicable Laws and applicable case law to the effect that a guarantor may be discharged if the beneficiary of the guaranty alters the original obligation of the principal, fails to inform the guarantor of material information pertinent to the principal or any collateral, elects remedies that may impair the subrogation rights of the guarantor against the principal or that may impair the value of any collateral, fails to accord the guarantor the protections afforded a debtor under Article 9 of applicable Uniform Commercial Code or otherwise takes or fails to take any action that prejudices such Credit Party. Each Credit Party waives any rights it may have to require the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party first to take any specific or particular action under the Loan Documents (or with respect to the Collateral). If the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party decides to proceed first to exercise any other remedy or right, or to proceed against another person or any collateral, the Administrative Agent or such Secured Party shall retain all of its rights under the Loan Documents. Each Credit Party that is a Guarantor waives any right it has to terminate or revoke the continuing nature of the Guaranty (and its application to any Obligations covered by such Guaranty arising after any attempt to terminate the Guaranty). Reinstatement. The obligations of the Credit Parties under thisSection 7.03 Article VII shall be automatically reinstated if and to the extent that for any reason any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower or other Credit Party in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded, must be otherwise restored by any holder of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or is returned on the reasonable advice of counsel, in each case, as a result of any proceedings in bankruptcy or reorganization or pursuant to a Debtor Relief Law. Subrogation; Subordination. Each Credit Party hereby agrees that,Section 7.04 until the Obligations have been Paid in Full and the Commitments have been terminated or expired, it shall subordinate and not exercise any claim and shall not exercise any right or remedy, direct or indirect, arising by reason of any performance by it of its guarantee in Section 7.01, whether by subrogation, contribution or otherwise, against the Borrower or any other Guarantor of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations (provided however, that such rights and remedies shall remain waived and released at any time that any Agent (or any of the Secured Parties (with or through their designees)) has acquired all or any portion of the Collateral by credit bid, strict foreclosure or through any other exercise of remedies available pursuant to the Loan Documents). Any Indebtedness of any Credit Party permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(l) shall be subordinated to such Credit Party s Guaranteed Obligations pursuant to customary intercreditor arrangements satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; provided that upon the Payment in Full of the Guaranteed Obligations and the expiration or termination of the Commitments of the Lenders under this Agreement, without any further action by any person, the Guarantors shall be automatically subrogated to the rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and may exercise their rights of contribution pursuant to Section 7.10, in each case to the extent of any payment hereunder. Remedies. Subject to the terms of any applicable IntercreditorSection 7.05 Agreement, the Guarantors jointly and severally agree that, as between the Guarantors and the 167 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Lenders, the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement and the Notes, if any, may be declared to be forthwith due and payable as provided in Section 8.01 (and shall be deemed to have become automatically due and payable in the circumstances provided in Section 8.01) for purposes of Section 7.01, notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such declaration (or such obligations from becoming automatically due and payable) as against the Borrower and that, in the event of such declaration (or such obligations being deemed to have become automatically due and payable), such obligations (whether or not due and payable by the Borrower) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Guarantors for purposes of Section 7.01. Instrument for the Payment of Money. Each Guarantor and theSection 7.06 Borrower hereby acknowledges that the guarantee in this Article VII constitutes an instrument for the payment of money, and consents and agrees that any Lender or Agent, at its sole option, in the event of a dispute by such Guarantor or the Borrower in the payment of any moneys due hereunder, shall have the right to bring a motion or action under New York CPLR Section 3213. Continuing Guarantee. The guarantee in this Article VII is aSection 7.07 continuing guarantee of payment, and shall apply to all Guaranteed Obligations whenever arising. General Limitation on Guarantee Obligations. In any action orSection 7.08 proceeding involving any state corporate, limited partnership or limited liability company law, or any applicable state, federal or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other law affecting the rights of creditors generally, if the obligations of any Guarantor or the Borrower under Section 7.01 would otherwise be held or determined to be void, voidable, invalid or unenforceable, or subordinated to the claims of any other creditors, on account of the amount of its liability under Section 7.01, then, notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary, the amount of such liability shall, without any further action by such Guarantor or the Borrower, any Credit Party or any other person, be automatically limited and reduced to the highest amount (after giving effect to the right of contribution established in Section 7.10) that is valid and enforceable and not subordinated to the claims of other creditors as determined in such action or proceeding. Release of Guarantors. Subject to the proviso of Section 9.10(a),Section 7.09 if, in compliance with the terms and provisions of the Loan Documents, all or substantially all of the Equity Interests of any Subsidiary Guarantor are sold or otherwise transferred (including without limitation by way of merger, consolidation or amalgamation) (a Transferred Guarantor to a person or persons, none of which is the Borrower or a Guarantor, such Transferred Guarantor shall, effective immediately upon the consummation of such sale or transfer, be automatically released from its obligations under this Agreement (including under Section 10.03 hereof) and its obligations to pledge and grant any Collateral owned by it pursuant to any Security Document and the pledge of such Equity Interests to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Security Agreements shall be automatically released, and, the Collateral Agent shall (at the expense and request of the Borrower) take such actions as are necessary to effect each release described in this Section 7.09 in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Security Documents; provided that in each case of this Section 7.09, upon the Collateral Agent s reasonable request, the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying that any such transaction 168 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

has been consummated in compliance with the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents and that such release is permitted hereby. Right of Contribution. Each Guarantor hereby agrees that to theSection 7.10 extent that such Guarantor shall have paid more than its proportionate share of any payment made hereunder, such Guarantor shall be entitled to seek and receive contribution from and against any other Guarantor hereunder which has not paid its proportionate share of such payment, in an amount not to exceed the highest amount that would be valid and enforceable and not subordinated to the claims of other creditors as determined in any action or proceeding involving any state corporate, limited partnership or limited liability law, or any applicable state, federal or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other law affecting the rights of creditors generally. Each such Guarantor s right of contribution shall be subject to the terms and conditions of Section 7.04. The provisions of this Section 7.10 shall in no respect limit the obligations and liabilities of any Guarantor to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender and the Lenders, and each Guarantor shall remain liable to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender and the Lenders for the full amount guaranteed by such Guarantor hereunder. ARTICLE VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT Events of Default. For so long as this Agreement remainsSection 8.01 outstanding, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of the following events Events of Default ): default shall be made in the payment of any principal of any Loan or any(a) Reimbursement Obligations when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof (including the Term Loan Maturity Date or Revolving Maturity Date) or at a date fixed for mandatory prepayment thereof or by acceleration thereof or otherwise; default shall be made in the payment of any (x) interest on any Loan or (y)(b) any Fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in clause (a) above) due under any Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such default shall continue unremedied for, in the case of clause (x), a period of three (3) business days or, in the case of clause (y), a period of five (5) Business Days; any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of(c) any Group Member in any Loan Document, Borrowing Request, LC Request or any representation, warranty, statement or information contained in any certificate furnished by or on behalf of any Group Member pursuant to any Loan Document, shall prove to have been false or misleading in any material respect when so made or deemed made, and such false or misleading representation, warranty, statement or information, to the extent capable of being cured, shall continue to be false, misleading or otherwise unremedied, or shall not be waived, for a period of thirty (30) days (provided that such 30-day grace period shall not apply to the Specified Representations); 169 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

default shall be made in the due observance or performance by any Group(d) Member of any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Section 5.02(a) or Section 5.03(a) (only with respect to legal existence in the Borrower s state of organization), Section 5.08, Section 5.10, Section 5.12, Section 5.15 or in Article VI; default shall be made in the due observance or performance by any Group(e) Member of any covenant, condition or agreement contained in any Loan Document other than those specified in clauses (a), (b) or (d) immediately above or those specified in clause (m) below and such default shall continue unremedied or shall not be waived for a period of thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower; any Credit Party shall fail to (i) pay any principal or interest, due in respect(f) of any other Indebtedness (other than the Obligations, any letters of credit set forth on Schedule 6.01(b) and intercompany Indebtedness), when and as the same shall become due and payable beyond any applicable grace period, or (ii) observe or perform any other term, covenant, condition or agreement contained in any agreement or instrument evidencing or governing any such Indebtedness, if the effect of any failure referred to in this clause (ii) is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness or a trustee or other representative on its or their behalf to cause (with or without the giving of notice but taking into account any applicable grace periods or waivers), such Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity or become subject to a mandatory offer to purchase by the obligor; provided that this clause (ii) shall not apply to (x) secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the sale, transfer or other disposition (including as a result of a casualty or condemnation event) of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness (to the extent such sale, transfer or other disposition is permitted under this Agreement and such Indebtedness is repaid in accordance with its terms), (y) Indebtedness that is convertible into Equity Interests and converted into Equity Interests in accordance with its terms and such conversion is permitted hereunder or (z) any event which triggers any conversion rights of holders of Permitted Convertible Indebtedness that is not the result of a breach or default by a Group Member of the terms of an agreement governing such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness; provided, further, that no Event of Default shall occur pursuant to this clause (f) unless the aggregate outstanding principal amount of any such Indebtedness referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) exceeds 17,500,000 (provided that, such failure is unremedied and is not waived by the holders of such Indebtedness); an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition(g) shall be filed in a court of competent jurisdiction seeking (i) relief in respect of any Group Member (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary), or of all or substantially all of the property of any Group Member (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary), under Title 11 of the U.S. Code, as now constituted or hereafter amended, or any other federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law; (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for any Group Member (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) or for all or substantially of the property of any Group Member (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary); or (iii) the winding-up or liquidation of any Group Member (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary); and such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for sixty (60) days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered; 170 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

any Group Member (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) shall (i)(h) voluntarily commence any proceeding, or file any petition, seeking relief under Title 11 of the United States Code, as now constituted or hereafter amended, or any other federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law; (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or the filing of any petition described in clause (g) above; (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for any Group Member (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) or for a substantial part of the property of any Group Member (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary); (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding; (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; (vi) become unable, admit in writing its inability, or fail generally to, pay its debts as they become due; or (vii) take any corporate (or equivalent) action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; there is entered against any Credit Party or any Restricted Subsidiary(i) (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) final, non-appealable judgments or orders for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of 17,500,000 (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance or a third-party indemnification agreement) and such judgments or orders shall not have been satisfied, vacated, discharged or stayed or bonded pending an appeal for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to levy upon properties of any Credit Party or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) to enforce any such judgment (other than the filing of a judgment Lien); any material provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its(j) execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder (including as a result of a transaction permitted under Section 6.04 or Section 6.05) or solely as a result of acts or omissions by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, or the Payment in Full of all of the Obligations and termination of the Commitments, ceases to be in full force and effect or ceases (in the case of any Security Document) to create a valid and perfected first priority lien (subject to Permitted Liens) on the Collateral covered thereby; or any Credit Party contests in writing the validity or enforceability of any material provision of any Loan Document; or any Credit Party denies in writing that it has any or further liability or obligation under any material provision of any Loan Document (other than as a result of Payment in Full of the Obligations and termination of the Commitments), or purports in writing to revoke or rescind any material provision of any Loan Document; there shall have occurred an ERISA Event that, when taken either alone or(k) together with all other ERISA Events, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; there shall have occurred a Change in Control; or(l) default shall be made in the due observance or performance by any Group(m) Member of any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Section 5.01 and such default shall continue unremedied or shall not be waived for a period of ten (10) days after the applicable deadline for delivery set forth in Section 5.01. 171 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to a Credit Party described in clause (g) or (h) above), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, with the prior consent of the Required Lenders, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Borrower, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate forthwith the Commitments (if any) and (ii) declare the Loans and the Reimbursement Obligations then outstanding to be forthwith due and payable in whole or in part, whereupon the principal of the Loans and Reimbursement Obligations so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and any unpaid accrued fees and all other Obligations accrued hereunder and under any other Loan Document, shall become forthwith due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or any other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower and the Guarantors, anything contained herein or in any other Loan Document to the contrary notwithstanding; and in any event, with respect to the events described in clause (g) or (h) above with respect to a Credit Party, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans and Reimbursement Obligations then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and any unpaid accrued fees and all other Obligations accrued hereunder and under any other Loan Document, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or any other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower and the Guarantors, anything contained herein or in any other Loan Document to the contrary notwithstanding. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, any Default or Event of Default under this Agreement or similarly defined term under any other Loan Document, shall be deemed not to exist or be continuing (or other similar expression with respect thereto) if the events, acts or conditions that gave rise to such Event of Default have been remedied or cured (including by payment, notice, taking of any action or omitting to take any action) or have ceased to exist or if such Event of Default has been waived. Application of Proceeds. Subject to the terms of any applicableSection 8.02 Intercreditor Agreement, if applicable, the proceeds received by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent in respect of any sale of, collection from or other realization upon all or any part of the Collateral or the Guarantees pursuant to the exercise by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents, of its remedies shall be applied, in full or in part, together with any other sums then held by the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement, promptly by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, as follows: first, to the payment of all reasonable and documented costs and expenses,(a) fees, commissions and taxes of such sale, collection or other realization including compensation to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and their respective agents and counsel, and all expenses, liabilities and advances made or incurred by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent in connection therewith and all amounts for which the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent is entitled to indemnification pursuant to the provisions of any Loan Document, together with interest on each such amount at the highest rate then in effect under this Agreement from and after the date such amount is due, owing and unpaid until paid in full; 172 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

second, to the payment of all other reasonable and documented costs and(b) expenses of such sale, collection or other realization (including compensation to the other Secured Parties and their agents and counsel and all costs, liabilities and advances made or incurred by the other Secured Parties in connection therewith), together with interest on each such amount at the highest rate then in effect under this Agreement from and after the date such amount is due, owing or unpaid until paid in full; third, without duplication of amounts applied pursuant to clauses (a) and(c) (b) above, to the payment in full in cash, pro rata, of interest and other amounts constituting Obligations (other than principal, any premium thereon, Reimbursement Obligations and obligations to cash-collateralize Letters of Credit), in each case equally and ratably in accordance with the respective amounts thereof then due and owing; fourth, to the payment in full in cash, pro rata, of the principal amount of(d) the Obligations and any premium thereon (including Reimbursement Obligations and obligations to cash-collateralize Letters of Credit); and fifth, the balance, if any, to the person lawfully entitled thereto (including(e) the applicable Credit Party or its successors or assigns) or as a court of competent jurisdiction may direct. In the event that any such proceeds are insufficient to pay in full the items described in the preceding sentences of this Section 8.02, the Credit Parties shall remain liable, jointly and severally, for any deficiency. ARTICLE IX THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE COLLATERAL AGENT Appointment and Authority.Section 9.01 Appointment of Administrative Agent. Each Lender and each Issuing(a) Bank hereby appoints Owl Rock (together with any successor Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.09) as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to (i) execute and deliver the Loan Documents and accept delivery thereof on its behalf from any Credit Party, (ii) take such action on its behalf and to exercise all rights, powers and remedies and perform the duties as are expressly delegated to the Administrative Agent under such Loan Documents and (iii) exercise such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Duties as Collateral and Disbursing Agent. Without limiting the(b) generality of clause (a) above, the Administrative Agent shall have the sole and exclusive right and authority (to the exclusion of the Lenders and Issuing Banks), and is hereby authorized, to (i) act as the disbursing and collecting agent for the Lenders and the Issuing Banks with respect to all payments and collections arising in connection with the Loan Documents (including in any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceeding), and each Person making any payment in connection with any Loan Document to any Secured Party is hereby authorized to make such payment to the Administrative Agent, (ii) file and prove claims and file other documents 173 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

necessary or desirable to allow the claims of the Secured Parties with respect to any Obligation in any proceeding described in Section 8.01(g) or (h) or any other bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceeding (but not to vote, consent or otherwise act on behalf of such Secured Party), (iii) act as collateral agent for each Secured Party for purposes of the perfection of all Liens created by such agreements and all other purposes stated therein, (iv) manage, supervise and otherwise deal with the Collateral, (v) take such other action as is necessary or desirable to maintain the perfection and priority of the Liens created or purported to be created by the Loan Documents, (vi) except as may be otherwise specified in any Loan Document, exercise all remedies given to the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties with respect to the Collateral, whether under the Loan Documents, applicable Requirements of Law or otherwise and (vii) execute any amendment, consent or waiver under the Loan Documents on behalf of any Lender that has consented in writing to such amendment, consent or waiver; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent hereby appoints, authorizes and directs each Lender and Issuing Bank to act as collateral sub-agent for the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks for purposes of the perfection of all Liens with respect to the Collateral, including any deposit account maintained by a Credit Party with, and cash and Cash Equivalents held by, such Lender or Issuing Bank, and may further authorize and direct the Lenders and the Issuing Banks to take further actions as collateral sub-agents for purposes of enforcing such Liens or otherwise to transfer the Collateral subject thereto to the Administrative Agent, and each Lender and Issuing Bank hereby agrees to take such further actions to the extent, and only to the extent, so authorized and directed. Limited Duties. Under the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent (i)(c) is acting solely on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks (except to the limited extent provided in Section 10.04(b) with respect to the Register and in Section 9.11 with respect to the other Secured Parties), with duties that are entirely administrative in nature, notwithstanding the use of the defined terms Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent , the terms agent , administrative agent and collateral agent and similar terms in any Loan Document to refer to the Administrative Agent, which terms are used for title purposes only, (ii) is not assuming any obligation under any Loan Document other than as expressly set forth therein or any role as agent, fiduciary or trustee of or for any Lender, Issuing Bank or any other Secured Party and (iii) shall have no implied functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or other liabilities under any Loan Document, and each Lender and Issuing Bank hereby waives and agrees not to assert any claim against the Administrative Agent based on the roles, duties and legal relationships expressly disclaimed in clauses (i) through (iii) above. Binding Effect. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees that (i)Section 9.02 any action taken by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if expressly required hereby, such greater or other proportion of the Lenders) in accordance with the provisions of the Loan Documents, (ii) any action taken by the Administrative Agent in reliance upon the instructions of Required Lenders (or, where so required, such greater proportion) and (iii) the exercise by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (or, where so required, such greater proportion) of the powers set forth herein or therein, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, shall be authorized and binding upon all of the Secured Parties. 174 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Use of Discretion.Section 9.03 No Action without Instructions. The Administrative Agent shall not be(a) required to exercise any discretion or take, or to omit to take, any action, including with respect to enforcement or collection, except any action it is required to take or omit to take (i) under any Loan Document or (ii) pursuant to instructions from the Required Lenders (or, where expressly required by the terms of this Agreement, the Required Revolving Lenders or such greater or other proportion of the Lenders). Right Not to Follow Certain Instructions. Notwithstanding clause (a)(b) above, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take, or to omit to take, any action (i) unless, upon demand, the Administrative Agent receives an indemnification satisfactory to it from the Lenders (or, to the extent applicable and acceptable to the Administrative Agent, any other Secured Party) against all liabilities that, by reason of such action or omission, may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent or any Related Party thereof or (ii) that is, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent or its counsel, contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Requirements of Law. Delegation of Rights and Duties. The Administrative Agent may,Section 9.04 upon any term or condition it specifies, delegate or exercise any of its rights, powers and remedies under, and delegate or perform any of its duties or any other action with respect to, any Loan Document by or through any trustee, co-agent, employee, attorney-in-fact and any other Person (including any Secured Party). Any such Person shall benefit from this Article IX to the extent provided by the Administrative Agent. Reliance and Liability.Section 9.05 The Administrative Agent may, without incurring any liability hereunder,(a) (i) treat the payee of any Note as its holder until such Note has been assigned in accordance with Section 10.04(b), (ii) rely on the Register to the extent set forth in Section 10.04(c), (iii) consult with any of its Related Parties and, whether or not selected by it, any other advisors, accountants and other experts (including advisors to, and accountants and experts engaged by, any Credit Party) and (iv) rely and act upon any document and information (including those transmitted by electronic or other information transmission systems) and any telephone message or conversation, in each case believed by it to be genuine and transmitted, signed or otherwise authenticated by the appropriate parties; and None of the Administrative Agent and its Related Parties shall be liable(b) for any action taken or omitted to be taken by any of them under or in connection with any Loan Document, and each Lender, each Issuing Bank and the Credit Parties hereby waive and shall not assert any right, claim or cause of action based thereon, except to the extent of liabilities resulting primarily from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Administrative Agent or, as the case may be, such Related Party (each as determined in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction) in connection with the duties expressly set forth herein. Without limiting the foregoing, the Administrative Agent: 175 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

shall not be responsible or otherwise incur liability for any action(i) or omission taken in reliance upon the instructions of the Required Lenders or for the actions or omissions of any of its Related Parties selected with reasonable care (other than employees, officers and directors of the Administrative Agent, when acting on behalf of the Administrative Agent); shall not be responsible to any Secured Party for the due execution,(ii) legality, validity, enforceability, effectiveness, genuineness, sufficiency or value of, or the attachment, perfection or priority of any Lien created or purported to be created under or in connection with, any Loan Document; makes no warranty or representation, and shall not be responsible,(iii) to any Secured Party for any statement, document, information, representation or warranty made or furnished by or on behalf of any Related Party or any Credit Party in connection with any Loan Document or any transaction contemplated therein or any other document or information with respect to any Credit Party, whether or not transmitted or (except for documents expressly required under any Loan Document to be transmitted to the Lenders) omitted to be transmitted by the Administrative Agent, including as to completeness, accuracy, scope or adequacy thereof, or for the scope, nature or results of any due diligence performed by the Administrative Agent in connection with the Loan Documents; and shall not have any duty to ascertain or to inquire as to the(iv) performance or observance of any provision of any Loan Document, whether any condition set forth in any Loan Document is satisfied or waived, as to the financial condition of any Credit Party or as to the existence or continuation or possible occurrence or continuation of any Default or Event of Default and shall not be deemed to have notice or knowledge of such occurrence or continuation unless it has received a notice from the Borrower, any Lender or Issuing Bank describing such Default or Event of Default clearly labeled notice of default (in which case the Administrative Agent shall promptly give notice of such receipt to all Lenders); and, for each of the items set forth in clauses (i) through (iv) above, each Lender, Issuing Bank and the Borrower hereby waives and agrees not to assert (and the Borrower shall cause each other Credit Party to waive and agree not to assert) any right, claim or cause of action it might have against the Administrative Agent based thereon. Administrative Agent Individually. The Administrative Agent andSection 9.06 its Affiliates may make loans and other extensions of credit to acquire Equity Interests in, and/or engage in any kind of business with, any Credit Party or any Affiliate thereof as though it were not acting as Administrative Agent and may receive separate fees and other payments therefor. To the extent the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates makes any Loan or otherwise becomes a Lender hereunder, it shall have and may exercise the same rights and powers hereunder and shall be subject to the same obligations and liabilities as any other Lender and the terms Lender , Revolving Lender , Term Loan Lender , Required Lender and Required Revolving Lender and any similar terms shall, except where otherwise expressly provided in any Loan Document, include, without limitation, the Administrative Agent or such Affiliate, as the 176 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

case may be, in its individual capacity as Lender, Revolving Lender, Term Loan Lender or as one of the Required Lenders or Required Revolving Lenders respectively. Lender Credit Decision. Each Lender and each Issuing BankSection 9.07 acknowledges that it shall, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Lender or Issuing Bank or any of their Related Parties or upon any document (including the Information) solely or in part because such document was transmitted by the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties, conduct its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs of each Credit Party and make and continue to make its own credit decisions in connection with entering into, and taking or not taking any action under, any Loan Document or with respect to any transaction contemplated in any Loan Document, in each case based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate. Except for documents expressly required by any Loan Document to be transmitted by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders or Issuing Banks, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender or Issuing Bank with any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any Credit Party or any Affiliate of any Credit Party that may come in to the possession of the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties. Expenses, Indemnification.Section 9.08 Each Lender agrees to reimburse the Administrative Agent and each of its(a) Related Parties (to the extent not reimbursed by any Credit Party) promptly upon demand for such Lender s pro rata share with respect to the Commitments of any costs and expenses (including fees, charges and disbursements of financial, legal and other advisors and Other Taxes paid in the name of, or on behalf of, any Credit Party) that may be incurred by the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification, consent, waiver or enforcement of, or the taking of any other action (whether through negotiations, through any work-out, bankruptcy, restructuring or other legal or other proceeding (including without limitation, preparation for and/or response to any subpoena or request for document production relating thereto) or otherwise) in respect of, or legal advice with respect to its rights or responsibilities under, any Loan Document. Each Lender further agrees to indemnify the Administrative Agent and(b) each of its Related Parties (to the extent not reimbursed by any Credit Party), from and against such Lender s aggregate pro rata share with respect to the liabilities (including to the extent not indemnified pursuant to Section 9.08(c), Taxes, interests and penalties imposed for not properly withholding or backup withholding on payments made to on or for the account of any Lender) that may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties in any matter relating to or arising out of, in connection with or as a result of any Loan Document, any other Transaction Document or any other act, event or transaction related, contemplated in or attendant to any such document, or, in each case, any action taken or omitted to be taken by the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties under or with respect to any of the foregoing; provided, however, that no Lender shall be liable to the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties to the extent such liability has resulted primarily from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Administrative Agent or, as the case may be, such 177 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Related Party, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgment or order. To the extent required by any applicable Requirements of Law, the(c) Administrative Agent may withhold from any payment to any Lender an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding Tax. If any payment is made to any Lender by the Administrative Agent without the applicable withholding Tax being withheld from such payment and the Administrative Agent has paid over the applicable withholding Tax to the Internal Revenue Service or any other Governmental Authority, or the Internal Revenue Service or any other Governmental Authority asserts a claim that the Administrative Agent did not properly withhold Tax from amounts paid to or for the account of any Lender because the appropriate form was not delivered or was not properly executed or because such Lender failed to notify the Administrative Agent of a change in circumstance which rendered the exemption from, or reduction of, withholding Tax ineffective or for any other reason, such Lender shall indemnify the Administrative Agent fully for all amounts paid, directly or indirectly, by the Administrative Agent as Tax or otherwise, including any penalties or interest and together with all expenses (including legal expenses, allocated internal costs and out-of-pocket expenses) incurred. The Administrative Agent may offset against any payment to any Lender under a Loan Document, any applicable withholding Tax that was required to be withheld from any prior payment to such Lender but which was not so withheld, as well as any other amounts for which the Administrative Agent is entitled to indemnification from such Lender under this Section 9.08(c). Resignation of Administrative Agent or Issuing Bank.Section 9.09 The Administrative Agent may resign as Administrative Agent (which(a) resignation shall also be effective in respect of its role as Collateral Agent unless the Administrative Agent otherwise agrees in writing) at any time by delivering notice of such resignation to the Lenders and the Borrower, effective on the date set forth in such notice or, if no such date is set forth therein, upon the date such notice shall be effective in accordance with the terms of this Section 9.09; provided that any such notice provided by the Administrative Agent shall provide for at least thirty (30) days prior notice of such resignation unless the Borrower shall expressly consent in writing to a shorter notice period in its sole discretion. If the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent or a controlling Affiliate of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent is subject to an Agent-Related Distress Event, the Borrower may remove such Agent from such role upon ten (10) days written notice to the Lenders. If the Administrative Agent delivers any such notice, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, if applicable, which is not a Disqualified Institution, which shall be either (i) a Lender or Affiliate or Approved Fund of a Lender or (ii) a bank with an office in the United States and having capital surplus aggregating in excess of 300,000,000, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States, with any prohibited appointment to be absolutely void ab initio. If after 30 days after the date of the retiring Administrative Agent s notice of resignation, no successor Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, if applicable, has been appointed by the Required Lenders and consented to by the Borrower that has accepted such appointment, then the retiring Administrative Agent (other than to the extent subject to an Agent-Related Distress Event) may, on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, if applicable. Each appointment under this clause (a) shall be subject to the prior consent of the Borrower, which may not be 178 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed but shall not be required during the continuance of a Default or Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), (b), (g), or (h). Effective immediately upon its resignation, (i) the retiring Administrative(b) Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents, (ii) the Lenders shall assume and perform all of the duties of the Administrative Agent until a successor Administrative Agent shall have accepted a valid appointment hereunder, (iii) the retiring Administrative Agent and its Related Parties shall no longer have the benefit of any provision of any Loan Document other than with respect to any actions taken or omitted to be taken while such retiring Administrative Agent was, or because such Administrative Agent had been, validly acting as Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents and (iv) subject to its rights under Section 9.03, the retiring Administrative Agent shall take such action as may be reasonably necessary to assign to the successor Administrative Agent its rights as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, if applicable, under the Loan Documents. Effective immediately upon its acceptance of a valid appointment as Administrative Agent, a successor Administrative Agent shall succeed to, and become vested with, all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents. Any Issuing Bank may resign at any time by delivering notice of such(c) resignation to the Administrative Agent, effective on the date set forth in such notice or, if no such date is set forth therein, on the date such notice shall be effective. Upon such resignation, the Issuing Bank shall remain an Issuing Bank and shall retain its rights and obligations in its capacity as such (other than any obligation to issue Letters of Credit but including the right to receive fees or to have Lenders participate in any Reimbursement Obligation thereof) with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank prior to the date of such resignation and shall otherwise be discharged from all other duties and obligations as an Issuing Bank (but not in any other capacity) under the Loan Documents. Release or Subordination of Collateral or Guarantors; Entry intoSection 9.10 Intercreditor Agreements. Each Lender and Issuing Bank hereby consents to the automatic release provisions contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and hereby directs the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, as applicable, to do the following: release any Subsidiary Guarantor from its guaranty of any Obligation of(a) any Credit Party in accordance with Section 7.09 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, if all of the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary Guarantor owned by any Credit Parties are sold in a sale permitted under the Loan Documents (including pursuant to a waiver or consent), to the extent that, after giving effect to such sale, such Subsidiary Guarantor would not be required to guaranty any Secured Obligations pursuant to Section 5.10); provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not be authorized to release any Guaranty in the event that a Subsidiary becomes an Excluded Subsidiary by virtue of a conveyance, sale, transfer or other disposition of Equity Interests unless such disposition is a good faith conveyance, sale, transfer or other disposition to a bona-fide unaffiliated third party whose primary purpose is not the release of such Guarantee; subject to the proviso of Section 9.10(a), release or, in the case of clause(b) (ii), release or subordinate, any Lien held by the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured 179 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Parties against (i) any Collateral that is sold or otherwise disposed of by a Credit Party in a sale or disposition permitted by the Loan Documents (including pursuant to a valid waiver or consent), to the extent all Liens required to be granted in such Collateral pursuant to Section 5.10 after giving effect to such sale or disposition have been granted (and the Collateral Agent may rely conclusively on a certificate to that effect provided by any Credit Party upon its reasonable request without further inquiry, any which such certificate of a Responsible Officer of a Credit Party shall be conclusive evidence that such requirements have been satisfied), (ii) any property subject to a Lien permitted hereunder in reliance upon Section 6.02(c) (to the extent applying to Liens on Permitted Refinancings described therein), (k), (m), (v), or (aa) (as it pertains to Section 6.01(o)(i)) to the extent required by the documents evidencing such Lien, (iii) all of the Collateral and all Credit Parties, in the case of this clause (iii) upon the Payment in Full of the Obligations, (iv) in connection with the designation of any Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary as permitted hereunder (including, in connection with the property of such Unrestricted Subsidiary or the Equity Interests thereof), (v) any Collateral to the extent such Collateral is comprised of property leased to a Credit Party, upon termination or expiration of such lease, (vi) any Collateral if the release of such Lien is approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other percentage of the Lenders whose consent may be required in accordance with Section 10.02), (vii) any Collateral as required to effect any sale or other disposition of Collateral in connection with any exercise of remedies of the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Loan Documents, or (viii) any Property if such Property constitutes Excluded Property; subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the(c) Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is expressly permitted to be senior to the Liens securing the Secured Obligations pursuant to Section 6.02; release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guarantee if such(d) Person ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted under the Loan Documents; and enter into any Intercreditor Agreement or other subordination agreement it(e) deems reasonable in connection with any refinancing Indebtedness (including, without limitation, Permitted Pari Passu Refinancing Debt and Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt), or other obligations permitted hereunder, and that if such Intercreditor Agreement or other subordination agreement is posted to the Lenders three (3) Business Days before being executed and the Required Lenders shall not have objected to such Intercreditor Agreement or other subordination agreement, the Required Lenders shall be deemed to have agreed that the Administrative Agent s or the Collateral Agent s entry into such Intercreditor Agreement or other subordination agreement is reasonable and to have consented to such Intercreditor Agreement or other subordination agreement and such Agent s execution thereof. Each Lender and Issuing Bank hereby directs the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent hereby agrees, upon receipt of reasonable advance notice from the Borrower, to execute and deliver or file such documents and to perform other actions reasonably necessary to release and/or evidence the release of the guaranties, Liens or Guarantors, as applicable, when and as directed in this Section 9.10. Any such release shall not in any manner 180 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

discharge, affect or impair the Obligations or any Liens (other than those being released) upon (or obligations (other than those being released) of the Credit Parties in respect of) all interests retained by the Credit Parties, including the proceeds of any sale, all of which shall continue to constitute part of the Collateral (to the extent otherwise applicable pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents, and for the avoidance of doubt other than in the case of any Excluded Property) except to the extent otherwise released in accordance with the provisions of the Loan Documents. Additionally, the Lenders hereby irrevocably agree that any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Guarantor shall be automatically released from the Guarantees upon consummation of any transaction permitted by this Agreement resulting in such Subsidiary ceasing to constitute a Restricted Subsidiary or upon becoming an Excluded Subsidiary. The Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, as applicable, to, and the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent agree to, execute and deliver any instruments, documents and agreements necessary or desirable or reasonably requested by the Borrower to evidence and confirm the release of any Guarantor or Collateral pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 9.10, all without the further consent or joinder of any Lender and without any representation or warranty of any such Agent or Lender. Additional Secured Parties. The benefit of the provisions of theSection 9.11 Loan Documents directly relating to the Collateral or any Lien granted thereunder shall extend to and be available to any Secured Party that is not a Lender or Issuing Bank as long as, by accepting such benefits, such Secured Party agrees, as among the Administrative Agent and all other Secured Parties, that such Secured Party is bound by (and, if requested by the Administrative Agent, shall confirm such agreement in a writing in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent) this Article IX, Section 2.14(d) and Sections 10.03(c), 10.09, 10.10 and 10.12 and the decisions and actions of the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders (or, where expressly required by the terms of this Agreement, a greater proportion of the Lenders) to the same extent a Lender is bound; provided, however, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) such Secured Party shall be bound by Section 9.08 only to the extent of liabilities, costs and expenses with respect to or otherwise relating to the Collateral held for the benefit of such Secured Party, in which case the obligations of such Secured Party thereunder shall not be limited by any concept of pro rata share or similar concept, (b) except as set forth specifically herein, each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Bank shall be entitled to act at its sole discretion, without regard to the interest of such Secured Party, regardless of whether any Obligation to such Secured Party thereafter remains outstanding, is deprived of the benefit of the Collateral, becomes unsecured or is otherwise affected or put in jeopardy thereby, and without any duty or liability to such Secured Party or any such Obligation and (c) except as set forth specifically herein, such Secured Party shall not have any right to be notified of, consent to, direct, require or be heard with respect to, any action taken or omitted in respect of the Collateral or under any Loan Document. Certain ERISA Matters.Section 9.12 Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person(a) became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, the Lead Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the 181 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Credit Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true: such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of(i) Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments, the prohibited transaction exemption set forth in one or more(ii) PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable so as to exempt from the prohibitions of Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified(iii) Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed(iv) in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. Erroneous Payments.Section 9.13 If the Administrative Agent notifies a Lender or Secured Party, or any(a) Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender or Secured Party (any such Lender, Secured Party or other recipient, a Payment Recipient that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion (whether or not after receipt of any notice under immediately succeeding clause (b)) that any funds received by such Payment Recipient from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Lender, Secured Party or other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any such funds, whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment and demands the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a 182 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

portion thereof), such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Administrative Agent, and such Lender or Secured Party shall (or, with respect to any Payment Recipient who received such funds on its behalf, shall cause such Payment Recipient to) promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Payment Recipient under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error; Without limiting immediately preceding clause (a), each Payment(b) Recipient hereby further agrees that if it receives a payment, prepayment or repayment (whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise) from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment (a Payment Notice ), (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, or (z) that such Payment Recipient otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part) in each case: an error may have been made (in the case of immediately preceding(i) clauses (x) or (y)) or an error has been made (in the case of immediately preceding clause (z)) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment; and such Payment Recipient shall promptly (and, in all events, within(ii) one Business Day of its knowledge of such error) notify the Administrative Agent of its receipt of such payment, prepayment or repayment, the details thereof and that it is so notifying the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 9.13(b). Each Lender or Secured Party hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent(c) to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender or Secured Party under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender or Secured Party from any source, against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under immediately preceding clause (a) or under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement. In the event an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by(d) the Administrative Agent for any reason, after demand therefor by the Administrative Agent in accordance with immediately preceding clause (a), from any Lender that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) (or from any Payment Recipient who received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) on its respective behalf) (such unrecovered amount, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency ), upon the Administrative Agent s request to such Lender at any time, (i) such Lender shall be deemed to have assigned its Loans (but not its Commitments) of the relevant Class with respect to which such Erroneous Payment was made 183 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

(the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class in an amount equal to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (such assignment of the Loans (but not Commitments) of the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class, the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment at par plus any accrued and unpaid interest (with the assignment fee to be waived by the Administrative Agent in such instance), and is hereby (together with the Borrower) deemed to execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an electronic settlement system as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants) with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and such Lender shall deliver any Notes evidencing such Loans to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, (ii) the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall be deemed to acquire the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and (iii) upon such deemed acquisition, the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall become a Lender, as applicable, hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and the assigning Lender shall cease to be a Lender, hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, its obligations under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement and its applicable Commitments which shall survive as to such assigning Lender. For the avoidance of doubt, no Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment will reduce the Commitments of any Lender and such Commitments shall remain available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. To the extent permitted by applicable law, no Payment Recipient shall(e) assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment received, including without limitation waiver of any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. Each party s obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 9.13(f) shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent, the termination of the Commitments and/or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document. This Section 9.13 shall not apply to the disbursement of any proceeds of a(g) Loan to or at the express direction of the Borrower, unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing by the Borrower. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan(h) Document, the Borrower and the Credit Parties shall have no obligations, liabilities or responsibilities for any actions, consequences or remediation (including the repayment or recovery of any amounts) contemplated by this Section 9.13. 184 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS Notices.Section 10.01 Generally. Except in the case of notices and other communications(a) expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in clause (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopier or electronic mail as follows: if to any Credit Party, to the Borrower at: Blend Labs, Inc. 415 Kearny St. San Francisco, CA 94108 Attention: Legal Tel: (650) 550-4810 Email: legal@blend.com; crystal@blend.com; marc@blend.com and (which shall not constitute notice): Latham Watkins LLP 140 Scott Drive Menlo Park, CA 94025 Attention: Tad Freese Tel: (650) 463-3060 Email: tad.freese@lw.com if to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent at: Owl Rock Technology Finance Corp. 399 Park Avenue, 38th Floor New York, NY 10022 Attention: Bryan Cole Phone: (212) 419-3035 E-mail: bryan@owlrock.com; finance@owlrock.com; SLS_OwlRockTechFinCorp_OREC@StateStreet.com with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): Proskauer Rose LLP One International Place Boston, MA 02110-2600 Attention: Gary J. Creem Phone: (617) 526-9637 Email: gcreem@proskauer.com 185 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

if to a Lender, Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender, to it at its address (or telecopier number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, they shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient); notices sent by electronic mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement); provided that if such notice or other communication is not sent by 6:00 p.m. New York City time on a Business Day for the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient. Notices delivered through electronic communications (other than electronic mail) to the extent provided in clause (b) below, shall be effective as provided in said clause (b). Any party hereto may change its address or telecopier number or electronic mail address for notices and other communications hereunder by written notice to the Borrower, the Agents, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders. Electronic Communications. Notices and other communications to the(b) Lenders and the Issuing Bank hereunder may (subject to Section 10.01(d)) be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (excluding electronic mail (which is covered above in clause (a)) but including Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or the Issuing Bank pursuant to Article II if such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Borrower may agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it (including as set forth in Section 10.01(d)); provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its electronic mail address as described in the foregoing clause (a) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor. Change of Address, etc. Any party hereto may change its address or(c) telecopier number or electronic mail address for notices and other communications hereunder by written notice to the other parties hereto. Posting. Each Credit Party hereby agrees that it will provide to the(d) Administrative Agent all information, documents and other materials that it is obligated to furnish to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement and any other Loan Document, including all notices, requests, financial statements, financial and other reports, certificates and other information materials, but excluding any such communication (unless otherwise approved 186 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

in writing by the Administrative Agent) that (i) relates to a request for a new, or a conversion of an existing, Borrowing or other extension of credit (including any election of an interest rate or interest period relating thereto), (ii) relates to the payment of any principal or other amount due under this Agreement prior to the scheduled date therefor, (iii) [reserved], (iv) provides notice of any Default under this Agreement or (v) is required to be delivered to satisfy any condition precedent to the effectiveness of this Agreement and/or any borrowing or other extension of credit hereunder (all such non-excluded communications, collectively, the Communications ), by transmitting the Communications in an electronic/soft medium in a format reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent at such e-mail address(es) provided to the Borrower from time to time or in such other form, including hard copy delivery thereof, as the Administrative Agent shall require. In addition, each Credit Party agrees to continue to provide the Communications to the Administrative Agent in the manner specified in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or in such other form, including hard copy delivery thereof, as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request. Nothing in this Section 10.01 shall prejudice the right of the Agents, any Lender or any Credit Party to give any notice or other communication pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any other manner specified in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or as any such Agent shall require. Platform. Each Credit Party further agrees that any Agent may make the(e) Communications available to the Lenders by posting the Communications on IntraLinks or SyndTrak or a substantially similar secure electronic transmission system (the Platform ). The Platform is provided as is and as available. The Agents do not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the Communications, or the adequacy of the Platform and expressly disclaim liability for errors or omissions in the communications. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by any Agent in connection with the Communications or the Platform. In no event shall any Agent or any of its Related Parties have any liability to the Credit Parties, any Lender or any other person for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of any Credit Party s or such Agent s transmission of communications through the Internet, except to the extent the liability of such person is found in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such person s bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct. Public/Private. (i) Each Credit Party hereby authorizes the Administrative(f) Agent to distribute (A) to Public Siders all Communications that the Borrower identifies in writing as containing no MNPI Public Side Communications ), and the Borrower represents and warrants that no such Public Side Communications contain any MNPI, and, at the reasonable written request of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts to identify Public Side Communications by clearly and conspicuously marking the same as PUBLIC and (B) to Private Siders all Communications other than Public Side Communications (such Communications, Private Side Communications ). The Borrower agrees to designate as Private Side Communications only those Communications or portions thereof that it reasonably believes in good faith constitute MNPI, and agrees to use all commercially reasonable efforts not to designate any Communications provided under Section 5.01(a), (b) and (c) as Private Side Communications. Private Siders shall mean Lenders 187 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

employees and representatives who have declared that they are authorized to receive MNPI. Public Siders shall mean Lenders employees and representatives who have not declared that they are authorized to receive MNPI; it being understood that Public Siders may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to the Borrower s or its Affiliates securities or loans. MNPI shall mean material non-public information (within the meaning of United States federal securities laws assuming that the Borrower is a public reporting company under federal securities laws (regardless of whether the Borrower is actually a public reporting company under federal securities laws)) with respect to the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and any of their respective securities. Each Lender acknowledges that United States federal and state(ii) securities laws prohibit any person from purchasing or selling securities on the basis of material, non-public information concerning the issuer of such securities or, subject to certain limited exceptions, from communicating such information to any other person. Each Lender confirms that it has developed procedures designed to ensure compliance with these securities laws. Each Lender acknowledges that circumstances may arise that(iii) require it to refer to Communications that may contain MNPI. Accordingly, each Lender agrees that it will use commercially reasonable efforts to designate at least one individual to receive Private Side Communications on its behalf in compliance with its procedures and applicable Requirements of Law and identify such designee (including such designee s contact information) on such Lender s Administrative Questionnaire. Each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent in writing from time to time of such Lender s designee s e-mail address to which notice of the availability of Private Side Communications may be sent by electronic transmission. Waivers; Amendment.Section 10.02 Generally. No failure or delay by any Agent, the Issuing Bank or any(a) Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of each Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of any Loan Document or consent to any departure by any Credit Party therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by this Section 10.02, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default or Event of Default, regardless of whether any Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. No notice or demand on the Borrower in any case shall entitle the Borrower to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances. Required Consents. Subject to Section 10.02(c), (d) and (e), neither this(b) Agreement nor any other Loan Document nor any provision hereof or thereof may be waived, 188 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

amended, supplemented or modified except, in the case of this Agreement, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent or, in the case of any other Loan Document (other than the Fee Letters, which may be amended in accordance with their terms), pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent (in the case of any Security Document) and the Credit Party or Credit Parties that are party thereto, in each case with the written consent of the Required Lenders; provided that no such agreement shall be effective if the effect thereof would be to: increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written(i) consent of such Lender (other than with respect to any Incremental Facilities to which such Lender has agreed) (it being understood that no amendment, modification, termination, waiver or consent with respect to any condition precedent, covenant, mandatory prepayment or Default or Event of Default shall constitute an increase in the Commitment of any Lender); reduce the principal amount of or premium, if any, on any Loan or(ii) LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon or fees thereon (but excluding any waiver of the imposition of the Default Rate or amendment of the definition of Default Rate ), including any provision establishing a minimum rate (other than any waiver, extension or reduction of interest pursuant to Section 2.06(c) or any waivers of conditions precedent, waivers or extensions of mandatory prepayments or commitment reduction or, for the avoidance of doubt, waivers of the provisions of Section 2.20(f) (provided that any change in the definition of any ratios used in calculating any interest rate or fee (or any component definition thereof) shall not constitute a reduction in any rate of interest) for purposes of this clause (ii)), or reduce or waive any fees (including any fees or any prepayment fee or premium) payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby (it being understood that any amendment or modification to the financial definitions in this Agreement shall not constitute a reduction in any fee for purposes of this clause (ii)); (A) extend the scheduled final maturity of any Term Loan or(iii) extend any scheduled date of payment of principal amount of any Term Loan under Section 2.09 (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, any mandatory prepayment) except in accordance with Section 2.20, Section 2.21 and Section 2.22, (B) postpone the date for payment of any Reimbursement Obligation or any interest, premium or fees payable hereunder (other than waivers of default interest, Defaults or Events of Default, waivers or extension of any mandatory prepayments or default interest or, for the avoidance of doubt, waivers of the provisions of Section 2.20(f)), or (C) postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Revolving Commitment or any Letter of Credit or date of repayment of any Revolving Loans or Letter of Credit, in each case, beyond the Revolving Maturity Date except in accordance with Section 2.18(c), Section 2.20, Section 2.21, and Section 2.22, as applicable, in any case, without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby; provided, that waivers of any condition precedent shall not constitute an extension of maturity date; 189 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

release the Borrower or release all or substantially all of the value(iv) of the Subsidiary Guarantors from their Guarantee (except as expressly provided in Article IX), without the written consent of each Lender; release all or substantially all of the Collateral from the Liens(v) created by the Security Documents without the written consent of each Lender (except as otherwise expressly permitted hereby or by the Security Documents); provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, any transaction permitted under Section 6.04 or Section 6.05 shall not be subject to this clause (iii) to the extent such transaction does not result in the release of all or substantially all of the Collateral; change any provision of this Section 10.02(b) that has the effect of(vi) decreasing the number of Lenders that must approve any amendment, modification or waiver, without the written consent of each Lender (other than modifications in connection with repurchases of Loans, amendments with respect to any Incremental Facilities and amendments with respect to extensions of maturity, which shall only require the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby); change the percentage set forth in the definition of Required(vii) Lenders, Required Revolving Lenders or any other provision of any Loan Document (including this Section) specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights thereunder or make any determination or grant any consent thereunder without the written consent of each Lender, other than (i) to increase such percentage or number or to give any Additional Lender or group of Lenders such right to waive, amend or modify or make any such determination or grant any such consent or (ii) modifications in connection with repurchases of Loans, amendments with respect to any Incremental Facilities and amendments with respect to extensions of maturity, which shall only require the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby; change or waive any provision of Article IX as the same applies to(viii) any Agent, or any other provision hereof as the same applies to the rights or obligations of any Agent, in each case without the written consent of such Agent; change or waive any obligation of the Lenders relating to the(ix) issuance of or purchase of participations in Letters of Credit, without the written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank; change or waive any obligation of the Swingline Lender relating to(x) any Swingline Loan, without the written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Swingline Lender; or make any change or amendment including without limitation, any(xi) amendment of this Section 10.02(b)(xi) which shall unless in writing and signed by the Issuing Bank in addition to the Lenders required above, adversely affect the rights or duties of the Issuing Bank under this Agreement or any document relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to be issued by it. 190 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (I) no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder, except to the extent the consent of such Lender would be required under clause (i), (ii) or (iii) in the first proviso to the first sentence of this Section 10.02(b) and, but only to the extent that any such matter disproportionately affects such Defaulting Lender, clauses (iv) or (v) of such proviso (and any such Defaulting Lender shall be excluded from the calculation of any requisite voting percentage by excluding the Defaulting Lender (and all Loans or Commitments held thereby) from both the numerator and the denominator of the applicable calculation), (II)this Agreement and any other Loan Document may be amended, modified or supplemented solely with the consent of the Administrative Agent (or the Collateral Agent, as applicable) and the Borrower, each in their sole discretion, without the need to obtain the consent of any other Lender if such amendment, modification or supplement is delivered in order to (v) amend any provision of any Security Document, the Guarantee, or enter into any new agreement or instrument, to be consistent with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or as required by local law to give effect to any guaranty, or to give effect to or to protect any security interest for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in any property so that the security interests comply with applicable law, (w) unless the same is objected to in writing by the Required Lenders within five (5) Business Days following receipt of notice thereof by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, cure ambiguities, defects, errors, inconsistencies, mistakes, or omissions of a technical nature in this Agreement or the applicable Loan Document, (x) add terms that are favorable to the Lenders (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent) in connection with an Incremental Facility or Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness, (y) create a fungible Class of Term Loans (including by increasing (but, for the avoidance of doubt, not by decreasing) the amount of amortization due and payable with respect to any Class of Term Loan) or (z) in the case of any applicable Intercreditor Agreement (or any other intercreditor agreement and/or subordination agreement pursuant to, or contemplated by, the terms of this Agreement (including with respect to Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01 and defined terms referenced therein)), if such amendment relates to Obligations other than the Obligations hereunder, or to grant a new Lien for the benefit of the Secured Parties or extend an Existing Lien over additional property. Any waiver, amendment, supplement or modification in accordance with this Section 10.02 shall apply equally to each of the affected Lenders and shall be binding upon the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantors, all Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and all future holders of the affected Loans. In the case of any waiver in accordance with this Section 10.02, the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantors, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall be restored to their former positions and rights hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and any Default or Event of Default so waived shall be deemed to be cured and not continuing, it being understood that no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon. In connection with the foregoing provisions, the Administrative Agent may, but shall have no obligation to, with the concurrence of any Lender, execute amendments, modifications, waivers or consents on behalf of such Lender. Collateral.(c) Without the consent of any other person, but subject to the terms of(i) any applicable Intercreditor Agreement, the applicable Credit Party or Credit Parties and 191 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

the Administrative Agent and/or Collateral Agent may (in its or their respective sole discretion, or shall, to the extent required by any Loan Document enter into any amendment or waiver of any Loan Document, or enter into any new agreement or instrument), to effect the granting, perfection, protection, expansion (including to cover additional amounts as secured obligations thereunder) or enhancement of any security interest in any Collateral or additional property to become Collateral for the benefit of the Secured Parties, or as required by local law to give effect to, or protect any security interest for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in any property or so that the security interests therein comply with applicable Requirements of Law (including local law). Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or any Security(ii) Document to the contrary, the Administrative Agent and/or, as applicable, the Collateral Agent may, in its sole discretion, grant extensions of time for the satisfaction of any of the requirements under Sections 5.10 and 5.11 or of any Security Document in respect of any particular Collateral or any particular Subsidiary if it determines that the satisfaction thereof with respect to such Collateral or such Subsidiary cannot be accomplished without undue expense or unreasonable effort or due to factors beyond the control of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries by the time or times at which any such requirement would otherwise be required to be satisfied under this Agreement or any Security Document. Subject to the proviso of Section 9.10(a), the Lenders hereby(iii) irrevocably agree that the Liens granted to the Collateral Agent by the Credit Parties on any Collateral shall be automatically released (i) in full, upon the Payment in Full of the Obligations, (ii) upon the sale or other disposition of such Collateral to any Person other than another Credit Party, to the extent such sale or other disposition is made in compliance with the terms of this Agreement (and the Collateral Agent may rely conclusively on a certificate to that effect provided by any Credit Party upon its reasonable request without further inquiry), (iii) if the release of such Lien is approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other percentage of the Lenders whose consent may be required in accordance with this Section 10.02), (iv) to the extent the property constituting such Collateral is owned by any Guarantor, upon the release of such Guarantor from its obligations under the applicable Guarantee (in accordance with the final paragraph of Section 9.10), (v) as required to effect any sale or other disposition of Collateral in connection with any exercise of remedies of the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Security Documents, or (vi) if such assets constitute Excluded Property. Certain Other Amendments. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement(d) (including, without limitation, this Section 10.02) or any other Loan Document to the contrary, (i) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents may be amended to effect an Incremental Amendment, Refinancing Amendment or Extension Amendment pursuant to Sections 2.20, 2.21 or 2.22 (and the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents without the consent of any other party as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to effect the terms of any such Incremental Amendment, Refinancing Amendment or Extension Amendment), (ii) the Loan Documents may be amended to add documentation agents 192 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

and make customary changes and references related thereto with the consent of only the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and (iii) any condition precedent to any Borrowing of Revolving Loans may be waived by the Required Revolving Lenders and, in the case of the issuance of a Letter of Credit, the Issuing Bank,, and, for the avoidance of doubt, waivers by no other Lender (or the Required Lenders) shall be required. Non-Consenting Lenders. The Borrower may, at its sole expense and(e) effort, upon notice to a Non-Consenting Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to (i) be paid off in full for all of its Loans, premiums, fees, interest due and all other amounts payable to it (or to become payable to it upon such payoff in full) related thereto and relinquish all rights it has under the Loan Documents, or (ii) assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.04), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Sections 2.15 and 2.16) and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment or the Borrower (in which case such Term Loans shall, after such assignment, be immediately deemed cancelled for all purposes and no longer outstanding (and may not be resold) for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents)); provided that, in the case of this clause (ii), (1) the Borrower or other assignee shall have paid to the Administrative Agent (unless waived by the Administrative Agent) the assignment fee (if any) specified in Section 10.04(b); (2) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable (including any amount pursuant to Section 2.10(k)) to it hereunder in connection with any prepayment of its Loans and under the other Loan Documents from the assignee or the Borrower; (3) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Law; and (4) the applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, other than as a result of a waiver by such Lender, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Additional Credit Facilities. Subject to Sections 2.21 and 2.22 hereof, this(f) Agreement may be amended (or amended and restated) (i) to add one or more additional credit facilities to this Agreement and to permit the extensions of credit from time to time outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof to share ratably in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (ii) to include appropriately the Lenders holding such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders on substantially the same basis as the Lenders prior to such inclusion. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver.Section 10.03 Costs and Expenses. The Borrower shall pay, promptly following written(a) demand therefor (including documentation to reasonably support such request): (i) all reasonable, documented and invoiced out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and their respective Affiliates (including the reasonable, documented and invoiced out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of one primary counsel to the Agents and their respective Affiliates, taken as a whole, selected by the Administrative Agent (plus one additional primary counsel reasonably necessary due to actual or reasonably perceived potential 193 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

conflicts of interest among such parties, where the parties affected by such conflict informs the Borrower of such conflict) plus, if reasonably necessary, the reasonable, documented and invoiced out-of-pocket fees and expenses of one local counsel per relevant jurisdiction that is material to the interests of the Lender (plus one additional local counsel in each such relevant jurisdiction reasonably necessary due to actual or reasonably perceived potential conflicts of interest among such parties in each relevant jurisdiction to each group of similarly affected Persons, in each case, with the consent of the Borrower, not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) (which may include a single special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions, in each case, in jurisdictions material to the interests of the Lenders) and consultants for the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders, in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery, filing and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any amendment, amendment and restatement, modification or waiver of the provisions hereof or thereof, including in connection with post-closing searches to confirm that security filings and recordations have been properly made, (ii) all reasonable, documented and invoiced out-of-pocket expenses incurred by any Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder, (iii) all reasonable, documented and invoiced out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Lender, the Swingline Lender or any Issuing Bank (including the reasonable, documented and invoiced out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of one primary counsel to the Agents and their respective Affiliates, taken as a whole, selected by the Administrative Agent (plus one additional counsel reasonably necessary due to actual or reasonably perceived potential conflicts of interest among such parties, where the parties affected by such conflict informs the Borrower of such conflict) plus, if reasonably necessary, the reasonable, documented and invoiced out-of-pocket fees and expenses of one local counsel per relevant jurisdiction that is material to the interests of the Lender (plus one additional local counsel reasonably necessary due to actual or reasonably perceived potential conflicts of interest among such parties in each relevant jurisdiction to each group of similarly affected Persons, in each case, with the consent of the Borrower, not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) (which may include a single special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions, in each case, in jurisdictions material to the interests of the Lenders), in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights (A) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section 10.03, or (B) in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit and (iii) all Other Taxes, as provided in Section 2.15. Indemnification by the Borrower. The Borrower shall indemnify the(b) Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, each Lender, each Commitment Party, the Lead Arranger and Bookrunner, each Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender and each Related Party of any of the foregoing persons (but excluding in any case any Excluded Affiliate) (each such person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all actual and direct losses (other than lost profits), claims, damages, liabilities and related reasonable, documented and invoiced out-of-pocket expenses (including the reasonable, documented and invoiced out-of-pocket fees, expenses, charges and disbursements of one counsel for all Indemnitees, taken as a whole, selected by the Administrative Agent (plus one additional counsel reasonably necessary due to actual or reasonably perceived potential conflicts of interest among the Indemnitees, where the Indemnitee affected by such conflict informs the 194 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Borrower of such conflict) plus, if reasonably necessary, the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses of one local counsel per relevant jurisdiction that is material to the interests of the Lender (plus one additional local counsel reasonably necessary due to actual or reasonably perceived potential conflicts of interest among such parties in each relevant jurisdiction to each group of similarly affected indemnified persons, in each case, with the consent of the Borrower, not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) (which may include a single special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions, in each case, in jurisdictions material to the interests of the Lenders) and consultants or third party advisors (but excluding allocated costs of in-house counsel) incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any party hereto or any third party arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the Transactions (or any of them), the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any amendment, amendment and restatement, modification or waiver of the provisions hereof or thereof, or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including, without limitation, any refusal by the Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or Release or threatened Release of Hazardous Materials on, at, under or from any Real Property or facility now or hereafter owned, leased or operated by any Group Member at any time, or any Environmental Claim related in any way to any Group Member, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Borrower or any other Credit Party, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from (w) the fraud, bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of any Indemnitee or any of its Related Parties, (x) result from a claim brought by the Borrower or any other Credit Party against an Indemnitee for material breach of such Indemnitee s obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, if the Borrower or such other Credit Party has obtained a final non-appealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction, (y) arises from disputes arising solely among indemnified persons that do not involve any act or omission by any Group Member or its Affiliates (other than disputes involving claims against the Agents or any other agent or arranger in their respective capacities as such), or (z) are payable as a result of a settlement agreement related to the foregoing effected without the written consent of the Borrower (which consent shall not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) (in the case of this clause (z)) (for the avoidance of doubt, if settled with the Borrower's written consent, or if there is a final judgment for the plaintiff against an Indemnitee in any proceeding, the Borrower shall indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnitee to the extent and in the manner set forth above); provided, however, that such Indemnitee shall promptly refund any amount paid to such Indemnitee for fees, expenses, damages, indemnification or contribution, in each case, pursuant to this Section 10.03(b) to the extent that there is a final, non-appealable judicial determination that such Indemnitee was not entitled to indemnification pursuant to the express terms of this Section 10.03. For the avoidance 195 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

of doubt, this Section 10.03(b) shall not apply to Taxes other than Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, liabilities, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. Reimbursement by Lenders. To the extent that the Borrower for any(c) reason fails to pay any amount required under clause (a) or (b) of this Section 10.03 to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), the Collateral Agent, the Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), the Collateral Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), the Issuing Bank, or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender s pro rata share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount (such indemnity shall be effective whether or not the related losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses are incurred or asserted by any party hereto or any third party); provided that (i) the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), the Collateral Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), the Issuing Bank in its capacity as such, the Swingline Lender in its capacity as such or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), the Collateral Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), the Issuing Bank in connection with such capacity or the Swingline Lender in such capacity, (ii) such indemnity for the Issuing Bank shall not include losses incurred by the Issuing Bank due to one or more Lenders defaulting in their obligations to purchase participations of LC Exposure under Section 2.18(d) or to make Revolving Loans under Section 2.18(e) and (iii) such indemnity for the Swingline Lender shall not include losses incurred by the Swingline Lender due to one or more Lenders defaulting in their obligations to purchase participations of Swingline Loans under Section 2.17 (it being understood that this proviso shall not affect the Issuing Bank s or Swingline Lender s rights against any Defaulting Lender). The obligations of the Lenders under this clause (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.14. For purposes hereof, a Lender s pro rata share shall be determined based upon its share of the sum of the total Revolving Exposure, outstanding Term Loans and unused Commitments at the time. Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by(d) applicable Requirements of Law, no party hereto shall assert, and each party hereby waives, any claim against any other party hereto on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. No party hereto shall be liable for any damages (other than those damages resulting from bad faith, fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment) arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. Payments. All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later(e) than thirty (30) Business Days after written demand (including detailed invoices) therefor. 196 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Successors and Assigns.Section 10.04 Successors and Assigns Generally. The provisions of this Agreement shall(a) be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that no Credit Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder (other than in connection with a transaction permitted by Section 6.04) without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender and each Lender (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by a Credit Party shall be null and void), and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an Eligible Assignee in accordance with the provisions of clause (b) of this Section 10.04, Section 2.16(b) or Section 10.02(e), (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of clause (d) of this Section 10.04 or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest in accordance with clause (f) of this Section 10.04. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in clause (d) of this Section 10.04 and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the other Indemnitees) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. Assignments by Lenders. Any Lender may at any time assign to one or(b) more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it) subject to, except in the case of an assignment to (x) in the case of Term Loan Commitments or Term Loans, a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to a Lender (in each case other than a Disqualified Institution), and (y) in the case of Revolving Commitments or Revolving Loans, a Revolving Lender, an Affiliate of a Revolving Lender (in each case, other than a Disqualified Institution), the prior written consent of (A) the Administrative Agent, (B) so long as (1) no Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), (b), (d) (solely as a result of a breach of Section 6.08), (g), (h) or (m) (solely with respect to the failure to comply with the financial reporting requirements set forth in Section 5.01(a), (b), (c) or (d)) shall have occurred and be continuing or (2) with respect to the elevation of any participation to an assignment, if Owl Rock, in its sole discretion, determines the assignment is necessary to comply with or avoid the consequences of a determination by any regulatory authority, including the Securities and Exchange Commission or court of law, in each case, the Borrower (the Borrower s consent to be deemed to have been given if (except in the case of a proposed assignment to a Disqualified Institution) the Borrower shall not have responded within ten (10) Business Days of a written request for such consent), and (C) in the case of Revolving Commitments or Revolving Loans, the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender (in the case of clauses (A), (B) and (C), such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); provided that: except in the case of any assignment (a) of the entire remaining(i) amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it, (b) to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to a Lender or (c) as agreed by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the applicable Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the 197 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than 1,000,000, and 1,000,000 increments, or if less, all of such Lender s remaining Loans and commitments of the applicable Class (provided, that contemporaneous assignments to or by two or more affiliated Approved Funds shall be aggregated for purposes of meeting such minimum transfer amount), unless each of the Administrative Agent, and so long as no Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), (b), (d) (solely as a result of a breach of Section 6.08), (g), (h) or (m) (solely with respect to the failure to comply with the financial reporting requirements set forth in Section 5.01(a), (b), (c) or (d)) has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, and which consent shall be deemed to have been given by the Borrower if the Borrower has not responded within ten (10) Business Days of a written request for such consent); each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a(ii) proportionate part of all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loan or the Commitment assigned, except that this clause (ii) shall not prohibit any Lender from assigning all or a portion of its rights and obligations among separate tranches on a non-pro rata basis; the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the(iii) Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with (other than in the case of an assignment to an Affiliate of the assigning Lender) a processing and recordation fee of 3,500 (which fee may be waived or reduced by the Administrative Agent in its discretion), and the Eligible Assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire and all requested know-your-customer documentation; no assignment shall be made to a Disqualified Institution without(iv) the Borrower s prior consent in writing (which consent may be withheld in its absolute discretion) unless an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), (b), (d) (solely as a result of a breach of Section 6.08), (g), (h) or (m) (solely with respect to the failure to comply with the financial reporting requirements set forth in Section 5.01(a), (b), (c) or (d) is at such time continuing; provided that the Administrative Agent shall have no responsibility (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) for monitoring, ascertaining, inquiring into or enforcing any Lender s compliance with the provisions related to Disqualified Institutions, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall not (x) be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any Lender or participant or prospective Lender or participant is a Disqualified Institution or (y) have any liability with respect to or arising out of any assignment or participation of Loans, or disclosure of confidential information, to, or the restrictions on any exercise of rights or remedies of, any Disqualified Institution; and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section(v) 10.04(b) or any other provision of this Agreement, the Lenders shall have no right at any 198 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

time to sell, assign or transfer any Loans owing to it to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; Subject to the recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to clause (c) of this Section 10.04, from and after the date such recordation in the Register is made, the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any rights and obligations pursuant to Section 2.15), and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.12, 2.13, 2.15, and 10.03 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this paragraph shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with clause (d) of this Section 10.04. Register. The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a(c) non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower (and such agency being solely for Tax purposes), shall maintain at one of its U.S. offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it (or equivalent thereof in electronic form) and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal and stated interest amounts of the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender and the Lenders shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. No assignment shall be effective unless recorded in the Register. The Register is intended to cause each Loan and other obligation hereunder to be in registered form within the meaning of Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations and Proposed Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-5(b) (or any amended or successor version) and within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 871(h)(2) and 881(c)(2) of the Code. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, the Issuing Bank (with respect to its own interest), the Swingline Lender (with respect to its own interest), the Collateral Agent and any Lender (with respect to its own interests), at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior written notice. Participations.(d) Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to,(i) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, sell participations to any person (other than a natural person or the Borrower or any of its Affiliates or, unless Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), (b), (d) (solely as a result of a breach of Section 6.08), (g), (h) or (m) (solely with respect to the failure to comply with the financial reporting requirements set forth in Section 5.01(a), (b), (c) or (d) is at such time continuing, any Disqualified Institutions) (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion 199 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

of its Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (A) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, and (C) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such(ii) a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce the Loan Documents and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of the Loan Documents; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver with regard to (a) reductions of principal, interest or fees owing to such Participant to the extent that Lenders have a consent right with respect thereto pursuant to clause (ii) of the first proviso in Section 10.02(b), (b) extensions of final scheduled maturity or times for payment of interest or fees owing to such participant to the extent that Lenders have a consent right with respect thereto pursuant to clauses (iii)(A), (B) and (C) of Section 10.02(b) and (c) releases of Collateral or guarantees requiring the approval of all Lenders with respect to clauses (iv) and (v) of Section 10.02(b), in each case, that directly affects such Participant. Subject to clause (e) of this Section, the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.12, 2.13 and 2.15 (provided that each Participant shall be subject to the requirements of those Sections and the definition of Excluded Taxes as if it were a Lender) (provided that any documentation required to be provided by a Participant pursuant to Section 2.15(e) shall be provided to the participating Lender and, if Additional Amounts are required to be paid pursuant to Section 2.15, to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and the definition of Excluded Taxes shall apply) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to clause (b) of this Section. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.08 as though it were a Lender; provided that such Participant shall be subject to Section 2.14 as though it were a Lender. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, no Lender shall enter into any agreement with any Participant that will permit such Participant to influence or control the voting rights of such Lender except with regard to (a) reductions of principal, interest or fees owing to such Participant to the extent that such Participant has a consent right with respect thereto pursuant to this Section 10.02(d)(ii) in clause (ii) of the first proviso in Section 10.02(b), (b) extensions of final scheduled maturity or times for payment of interest or fees owing to such participant to the extent that such Participant has a consent right with respect thereto pursuant to this Section 10.02(d)(ii) with respect to clauses (iii)(A), (B) and (C) of Section 10.02(b) and (c) releases of Collateral or guarantees requiring the approval of all Lenders with respect to clauses (iv) and (v) of Section 10.02(b), in each case, that directly affects such Participant. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this(iii) purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal and stated interest amounts of each participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under this Agreement (a 200 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of a Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations and Proposed Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-5(b) (or any amended or successor version) and within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 871(h)(2) and 881(c)(2) of the Code. Upon request by the Borrower, any Lender that sells a participation shall confirm that any such Participant is not a Disqualified Institution. The entries in a Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each person whose name is recorded in a Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. Any such participation that does not comply with this Section shall(iv) be void ab initio and, promptly following such Lender becoming aware that any such participation has been made in breach of this Section, the Participant Register shall be modified by it to reverse such participation and shall be disclosed to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall have no responsibility (in its(v) capacity as Administrative Agent) for (i) maintaining a Participant Register and (ii) any Lender s compliance with this Section, including any sale of participations to a Disqualified Institution in violation hereof by any Lender. Limitations on Participant Rights. A Participant shall not be entitled to(e) receive any greater payment under Sections 2.12, 2.13 or 2.15 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrower s prior written consent or except to the extent the right to greater payment results from a Change in Law after the Participant becomes a Participant. Certain Pledges. Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security(f) interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender without restriction, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or any central bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. In the case of any Lender that is a fund that invests in bank loans or similar extensions of credit, such Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent or any other Person, collaterally assign or pledge all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement, including the Loans and Notes or any other instrument evidencing its rights as a Lender under this Agreement, to any holder of, trustee for, or any other representative of holders of, obligations owed or securities issued, by such fund, as security for such obligations or securities. 201 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Disqualified Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,(g) if any Loans are assigned to or any participations are purchased or otherwise acquired, without the Borrower s consent (in violation of Section 10.04(b) or (d)), by a Disqualified Institution, in each case, then: (i) the Borrower may (x) terminate any commitment of such Disqualified Institution and repay any applicable outstanding Loans (in the case of Loans, at a price equal to the lesser of par and the amount the applicable Disqualified Institution paid to acquire such Loans) without premium, penalty, prepayment fee or breakage, and/or (y) require such Disqualified Institution to assign its rights and obligations to one or more Eligible Assignees at the price indicated in the immediately preceding clause (x) (which assignment shall not be subject to the processing and recordation fee described in Section 10.04(b)(iii)), (ii) no such Disqualified Institution shall receive any information or reporting provided by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, (iii) for purposes of voting, any Loans, Commitments or participations held by such Disqualified Institution shall be deemed not to be outstanding and such Disqualified Institution shall have no voting or consent rights with respect to required Lender or Class votes or consents, in each case notwithstanding Section 10.02(b), (iv) for purposes of any matter requiring the vote or consent of each Lender affected by any amendment or waiver, such Disqualified Institution shall be deemed to have voted or consented to approve such amendment or waiver if a majority of the affected Lenders or Class so approve, and (v) such Disqualified Institution shall not be entitled to any expense reimbursement or indemnification rights ordinarily afforded to Lenders or Participants hereunder or in any Loan Document. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible or have any liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce, compliance with the provisions hereof relating to Disqualified Institutions and (b) the Borrowers (on behalf of themselves and the other Credit Parties) and the Lenders acknowledge and agree that the Administrative Agent shall have no responsibility or obligation to determine whether any Lender or potential Lender is a Disqualified Institution and that the Administrative Agent shall have no liability with respect to any assignment or participation made to a Disqualified Institution. Survival of Agreement. All covenants, agreements, representationsSection 10.05 and warranties made by the Credit Parties in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Agents, the Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect until the Payment in Full of the Obligations and the termination or expiration of the Commitments. The provisions of Sections 2.12, 2.14, 2.15 and Article X shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the Payment in Full of the Obligations or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness. This Agreement may beSection 10.06 executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and any separate letter agreements 202 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent, constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopier or other electronic transmission (PDF or TIFF format) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. Severability. Any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid,Section 10.07 illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. Right of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and beSection 10.08 continuing, each Lender, the Issuing Bank, and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time due and owing by such Lender, the Issuing Bank or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower or any other Credit Party (but excluding amounts held in payroll, employee benefits, tax and other fiduciary or trust accounts) against any and all of the obligations of such Borrower or such Credit Party now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or the Issuing Bank, irrespective of whether or not such Lender or the Issuing Bank shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of such Borrower or such Credit Party may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Lender or the Issuing Bank different from the branch or office holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness. The rights of each Lender, the Issuing Bank and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, the Issuing Bank or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender and the Issuing Bank agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application; provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process.Section 10.09 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with(a) and governed by the law of the State of New York, without regard to conflicts of law principles that would require the application of the laws of another jurisdiction; provided, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the interpretation of the definition of Company Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Closing Date Acquisition Agreement) and whether or not a Company Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Closing Date Acquisition Agreement) has occurred, (ii) the determination of the accuracy of any Specified Acquisition Agreement Representation and whether as a result of any inaccuracy thereof the Borrower or its Affiliates 203 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

party to the Closing Date Acquisition Agreement has the right to terminate their obligations under the Closing Date Acquisition Agreement or decline to consummate the Closing Date Acquisition pursuant to the terms thereof, and (c) the determination of whether the Closing Date Acquisition has been consummated in accordance with the terms of the Closing Date Acquisition Agreement and, in any case, claims or disputes arising out of any such interpretation or determination of any aspect thereof shall, in each case, be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts law thereof. Submission to Jurisdiction. Except as provided in the last sentence of this(b) Section 10.09(b), each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in New York County and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York sitting in New York County, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any Loan Document, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State court or, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, in such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any Credit Party or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. Waiver of Venue. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and(c) unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in Section 10.09(b). Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. Service of Process. Each party hereto irrevocably consents to service of(d) process in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any Loan Document, in the manner provided for notices (other than telecopier) in Section 10.01. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document will affect the right of any party hereto to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable Requirements of Law. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBYSection 10.10 WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE REQUIREMENTS OF LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO 204 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. Headings. Article and Section headings and the Table ofSection 10.11 Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality. Each of theSection 10.12 Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Bank agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (in each case, other than to a Disqualified Institution) (a) to its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates respective partners, directors, investors, lenders, officers, employees, agents, advisors, attorneys, numbering, administration and settlement services provider and other representatives (it being understood that the persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential or, with respect to disclosure to investors or prospective investors, such disclosure is in connection with customary portfolio reviews), (b) to the extent requested by any Governmental Authority or regulatory authority (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable Requirements of Law or by any subpoena or similar legal process (including, without limitation, in connection with filings, submissions and any other similar documentation required or customary to comply with Securities and Exchange Commission filing requirements), (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of, or preparing to enforce, rights hereunder or thereunder, but only to the extent required in connection with such exercise or enforcement, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same (or at least as restrictive) as those of this Section 10.12, to (i) any financing sources and Eligible Assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective Eligible Assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement and in connection with any pledge or assignment made pursuant to Section 10.04(f); provided that no such disclosure shall be made by such Lender or such Agent or any of their respective Affiliates to any such Person that is a Disqualified Institution unless an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a), (b), (d) (solely as a result of a breach of Section 6.08), (g), (h) or (m) (solely with respect to the failure to comply with the financial reporting requirements set forth in Section 5.01(a), (b), (c) or (d) is at such time continuing, (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations or (iii) any rating agency for the purpose of obtaining a credit rating applicable to any Credit Party or to the credit facilities hereunder, (g) with the prior consent of the Borrower, (h) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (y) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the Issuing Bank or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower, (i) to the extent necessary or customary for inclusion in league table measurements, (j) to the National Association of Insurance Commissioners or any similar organization or any examiner or (k) to a 205 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Person that is an investor or prospective investor in a Securitization or other financing, separate account or commingled fund so long as such investor or prospective investor is informed that its access to information regarding the Credit Parties and the Loans and Commitments is solely for purposes of evaluating an investment in such Securitization or other financing, separate account or commingled fund and who agrees to treat such information as confidential, (l) to a Person that is a trustee, collateral agent, collateral manager, servicer, investor or secured party in a Securitization in connection with the administration, servicing and evaluation of, and reporting on, the assets serving as collateral for such Securitization, or (l) otherwise to the extent consisting of general portfolio information that does not identify the Borrower; provided, that with respect to clauses (b) and (c) above, if the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Bank receives a subpoena, interrogatory or other request (verbal or otherwise) for any Information, or believes that it is legally required to disclose any of the Information to a third party, it shall, in advance of such disclosure, to the extent practicable and legally permissible and unless such disclosure is made to regulatory or self-regulatory authorities in the course of routine audits and reviews, promptly provide to the Borrower written notice of any such request or requirement so that the Borrower or the applicable Credit Party (or Subsidiary thereof) may seek a protective order or other remedy; provided, further, that it shall (1) exercise reasonable efforts to preserve the confidentiality of such Information, (2) to the extent legally permissible, use commercially reasonable efforts to provide the Borrower, in advance of such disclosure, with copies of any Information it intends to disclose (and, if applicable, the text of the disclosure language itself), and (3) to the extent legally permissible, reasonably cooperate with the Borrower or applicable Credit Party (or Subsidiary thereof) to the extent the Borrower or such Credit Party (or Subsidiary thereof) seeks to limit such disclosures; provided further that no such disclosure shall be made to any members of any deal team of any Agent, any Lender or any Affiliate of any Agent or any Lender that are engaged (x) primarily as principals in private equity or venture capital or (y) in the sale of the Borrower or its Affiliates, including through the provision of advisory services (in each case, other than any above the wall individuals) (as described in the immediately preceding clauses (x) and (y), Excluded Affiliates ). For purposes of this Section, Information shall mean all information received from or on behalf of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Bank on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. For purposes of this Section, Securitization means a public or private offering by a Lender or any of its Affiliates or their respective successors and permitted assigns, of securities which represent an interest in, or which are collateralized, in whole or in part, by the Loans or the Commitments. Except with respect to disclosing any Information to any Disqualified Institution, any person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such person would accord to its own confidential information. The Administrative Agent or any Lender may, with the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), publish press releases, tombstones, advertising or other promotional materials (whether by means of electronic transmission, posting to a website or other internet application, print media or otherwise) relating to the financing transactions contemplated by this Agreement, which may include a Credit Party s or its Subsidiary s name, product photographs, logo, trademark or related information. 206 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

USA PATRIOT Act Notice. Each Lender that is subject to theSection 10.13 Patriot Act and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Credit Parties, which information includes the name and address of the Credit Parties and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify the Credit Parties in accordance with the Patriot Act. The Borrower shall, promptly following a request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, provide all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender requests that is required in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act. Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to theSection 10.14 contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable Requirements of Law (collectively, the Rate Charges ), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Rate Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Rate Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section shall be cumulated and the interest and Rate Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender. Obligations Absolute. To the fullest extent permitted by applicableSection 10.15 Requirements of Law, all obligations of the Credit Parties hereunder shall be absolute and unconditional irrespective of: any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, arrangement, readjustment,(a) composition, liquidation or the like of any Credit Party; any lack of validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or any other(b) agreement or instrument relating thereto against any Credit Party; any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other(c) term of, all or any of the Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to any departure from any Loan Document or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto; any exchange, release or non-perfection of any other Collateral, or any(d) release or amendment or waiver of or consent to any departure from any guarantee, for all or any of the Obligations; any exercise or non-exercise, or any waiver, of any right, remedy, power or(e) privilege under or in respect hereof or any Loan Document; or 207 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

any other circumstances which might otherwise constitute a defense (other(f) than the Payment in Full of the Obligations) available to, or a discharge of, the Credit Parties. No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In connection with allSection 10.16 aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Borrower and each other Credit Party acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates understanding, that: (i)(A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Borrower, each other Credit Party and their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders, on the other hand, (B) each of the Borrower and the other Credit Parties has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) the Borrower and each other Credit Party is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (ii)(A) the Administrative Agent and each Lender is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrower, any other Credit Party or any of their respective Affiliates, or any other Person, and (B) neither the Administrative Agent, nor any Lender has any obligation to the Borrower, any other Credit Party or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (iii) the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower, the other Credit Parties and their respective Affiliates, and neither the Administrative Agent, nor any Lender has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower, any other Credit Party or any of their respective Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Borrower and each other Credit Party hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent or any Lender with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. Intercreditor Agreement.Section 10.17 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any other(a) Loan Document: (a) the Liens granted to the Collateral Agent in favor of the Secured Parties pursuant to the Loan Documents and the exercise of any right related to any Collateral shall be subject, in each case, to the terms of any applicable Intercreditor Agreement, (b) in the event of any conflict between the express terms and provisions of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, on the one hand, and of any applicable Intercreditor Agreement, on the other hand, the terms and provisions of such Intercreditor Agreement shall control, and (c) each Lender and, by its acceptance of the benefit of the Security Documents, each other Secured Party, authorizes the Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Agent to execute any such Intercreditor Agreement on behalf of such Lender, and such Lender agrees to be bound by the terms thereof. Each Lender and, by its acceptance of the benefit of the Security(b) Documents, each other Secured Party, hereby agrees that the Administrative Agent and/or Collateral Agent may enter into any intercreditor agreement and/or subordination agreement pursuant to, or contemplated by, the terms of this Agreement (including with respect to 208 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01 and defined terms referenced therein) on its behalf and agrees to be bound by the terms thereof and, in each case, consents and agrees to the appointment of Owl Rock (or its affiliated designee, representative or agent) on its behalf as collateral agent, respectively, thereunder. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA FinancialSection 10.18 Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any party to any other party arising under any Loan Document may be subject to Bail-In Action by the relevant Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the effect of: any Bail-In Action in relation to any such liability, including (without(a) limitation): a reduction, in full or in part, in the principal amount, or(i) outstanding amount due (including any accrued but unpaid interest) in respect of any such liability; a conversion of all, or part of, any such liability into shares or other(ii) instruments of ownership that may be issued to, or conferred on, it; and a cancellation of any such liability; and(iii) a variation of any term of any Finance Document to the extent necessary to(b) give effect to any Bail-In Action in relation to any such liability. Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain OtherSection 10.19 Documents. The words execute, execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby (including, without limitation, Assignment and Assumptions, Borrowing Requests, Interest Election Requests, Compliance Certificates, Joinder Agreements, amendments or other modifications, waivers and consents) shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic platforms approved by the Administrative Agent, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable Requirements of Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. No Other Duties. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,Section 10.20 Lead Arranger, Bookrunner and the Co-Syndication Agents listed on the cover page hereof and introductory paragraph hereto shall not have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in their respective capacities, as applicable, as the Lead Arranger, Bookrunner and Co-Syndication Agents, as applicable, hereunder. 209 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

ARTICLE XI ACQUISITION MATTERS Consent to the Closing Date Acquisition. NotwithstandingSection 11.01 anything to the contrary in the Loan Documents, the Secured Parties and all other parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally consent to the consummation of the Closing Date Acquisition. Reference to Closing Date. Notwithstanding anything to theSection 11.02 contrary in the Loan Documents, for purposes of the representations and warranties and the other provisions set forth in Article III of this Agreement, the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.01 and any reference to Closing Date in Article V and Article VI, the making of the Loans and the issuance of Letters of Credit (if any) on the Closing Date shall be assumed to occur concurrently with the consummation of the Closing Date Acquisition. [THIS SPACE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 210 US-DOCS\121951479.16133960081.2 

US-DOCS\133960080.4 EXHIBIT B Amended Credit Agreement Exhibits See attached. 

B-1 US-DOCS\123523847.2 EXHIBIT B [Form of] BORROWING REQUEST Owl Rock Technology Finance Corp. as Administrative Agent for the Lenders referred to below Re : Blend Labs, Inc. [Date] Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is made to the Credit Agreement dated as of June 30, 2021 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), by and among Blend Labs, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), each of the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and Owl Rock Technology Finance Corp., as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns, the Administrative Agent and as collateral agent for the Secured Parties (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns, the Collateral Agent ). Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement. The Borrower hereby gives you notice pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Credit Agreement that it requests a Borrowing under the Credit Agreement, and in connection therewith sets forth below the terms on which such Borrowing is requested to be made: The undersigned hereby requests a Borrowing of [Term][Revolving][Swingline] Loans. 1. On (a Business Day) (the Borrowing Date ).1 2. In the amount of .2 3. Comprised of [ABR Loans][SOFR Loans]. 4. [For SOFR Loans: with an Interest Period of [1][3][6] months.]3 5. [Below is the location and number of the deposit account to which the funds of such proposed Borrowing are to be disbursed. 1 In the case of Term Loan Borrowings, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, one Business Day before the date of the proposed Borrowing. In the case of a Revolving Borrowing, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing. In the case of Swingline Loan Borrowings, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing. 2 The minimum amount for ABR Loans is 250,000, and in integral multiples of 100,000. The minimum amount for SOFR Loans is 250,000, and in integral multiples of 100,000. 3 Interest Periods available are one, three or six months. 

B-2 US-DOCS\123523847.2 _______________________________ _______________________________ _______________________________ _______________________________] [The conditions set forth in Section 4.02(b) and Section 4.02(c) will be satisfied or waived as of the Borrowing Date.]4 [The Borrower hereby authorizes and directs the Administrative Agent to disburse the proceeds of the Loans as set forth in the funds flow attached to the Letter of Direction delivered on ______ __, 20__.] [Signature Page Follows] 4 For each Credit Extension made after the Closing Date. 

B-3 US-DOCS\123523847.2 BLEND LABS, INC. By: Name: Title: 

K-1 US-DOCS\123523847.2 EXHIBIT D [Form of] INTEREST ELECTION REQUEST [Date] Owl Rock Technology Finance Corp. as Administrative Agent for the Lenders referred to below Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is made to the Credit Agreement dated as of June 30, 2021 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement by and among Blend Labs, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), each of the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and Owl Rock Technology Finance Corp., as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns, the Administrative Agent and as collateral agent for the Secured Parties (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns, the Collateral Agent ). Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement. Pursuant to Section 2.08 of the Credit Agreement, the Borrower hereby gives the Administrative Agent notice that the Borrower hereby requests5: [Option A - Conversion of SOFR Borrowings to ABR Borrowings: to convert [_____] in principal amount of presently outstanding SOFR Borrowings with a final Interest Payment Date of [_____], [_____] to ABR Borrowings on [_____], [_____] (which is a Business Day).] [Option B - Conversion of ABR Borrowings to SOFR Borrowings: to convert [_____] in principal amount of presently outstanding ABR Borrowings to SFOR Borrowings on [_____], [_____] (which is a Business Day). The Interest Period for such SOFR Borrowings is ______6 month[s].] [Option C - Continuation of SOFR Borrowings as SOFR Borrowings: to continue as SOFR Borrowings [_____] in presently outstanding SOFR Borrowings with a final Interest Payment Date of [_____], [_____] (which is a Business Day). The Interest Period for such SOFR Borrowings is [_____]7 month[s].] [remainder of page intentionally left blank] 5 Request must be made (a) in the case of an Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a SOFR Borrowing, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time (or such later time on such Business Day as may be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent), three (3) Business Days before the proposed effective date of such election and (b) in the case of a conversion of any Borrowing to an ABR Borrowing, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time (or such later time on such Business Day as may be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent), one (1) Business Day before the proposed effective date of such election. 6 Interest Periods available are one, three or six months. 7 Interest Periods available are one, three or six months. 

K-1 US-DOCS\123523847.2 Very truly yours, BLEND LABS, INC., as the Borrower By: Name: Title: 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-10.19>
 4
 q42022-exhibit1019.htm
 EX-10.19

Document 

B LEND L ABS , I NC . 
 January 5, 2023 

Erin Lantz 
 
 Re Board of Directors of Blend Labs, Inc. 
 
 Dear Erin 
 
 On behalf of Blend Labs, Inc. Blend or the Company ), we would like to extend the invitation to you to join the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ). Once you accept this invitation, we anticipate the Board moving quickly to formally appoint you as a member of the Board. 
 As you may be aware, Blend is a Delaware corporation and, therefore, your rights and duties as a Board member are prescribed by Delaware law and our charter documents, as well as by the policies established by our Board from time to time and the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange. Upon your formal appointment to the Board, you will become a Section 16 reporting person of Blend. In addition, please note that, as a member of the Board, you will be subject to the corporate policies of Blend, including the Company s Code of Conduct, Regulation FD Compliance and External Communications Policy, Global Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy and Insider Trading Policy, as well as the Outside Director Compensation Policy (the Compensation Policy ), as may be amended from time-to-time. 
 The Board has established three standing committees the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and from time-to-time, the Board may establish additional committees of the Board to which it will delegate certain duties and may request that you serve on (and possibly lead) one or more of such committees. It is currently expected that you will serve on the Company s Audit Committee and Compensation Committee. You may also be requested to serve as a director of one or more of our subsidiaries in which case you may be subject to other laws while serving in such a capacity. 
 
 The Company will compensate you for your service as a member of the Board by providing you with the compensation set forth in the Compensation Policy. Under the existing Policy, we pay non-employee directors an annual retainer, which may be in the form of equity, cash, or a combination of the two (as set forth in the Policy). As described in the Compensation Policy, your reasonable, customary, and documented travel expenses to Board meetings will be reimbursed by the Company. We have also attached our indemnification agreement hereto as Exhibit A for your review and execution. 
 
 In connection with your services to the Company, we expect that technical, business or financial information of the Company Confidential Information will be disclosed to you. To the extent that Confidential Information is not publicly known or not otherwise previously known by you without an obligation of confidentiality, you agree not to use (except in connection with your services to the Company) or disclose Confidential Information to any third party and to take reasonable steps to maintain the confidential nature of all Confidential Information. 
 To avoid any conflicts of interest, we ask you to refrain, while you are a member of the Board, from providing advice or otherwise providing services to any competitor of the Company. In addition, we ask that you inform the Board of any potential or actual, direct or indirect, conflict of interest that you think exists or may arise because of your relationship with the Company, so that we may come to a quick and mutually agreeable resolution. By signing this letter agreement, you 

also represent and warrant that you have no contractual commitments or other legal obligations to a third party that would prohibit you from performing your duties for the Company. 
 
 As part of our overall responsibilities, the Company and the Company s stockholders reserve the right to remove any individual from the Board or any committee thereof at any time in accordance with the provisions of the Company s governing documents or applicable law. You, of course, may also terminate your relationship with the Company at any time. When you cease to be a member of the Board for any reason, you must return all Confidential Information to the Company. 
 
 I am excited about you joining our Board and look forward to working with you to help make the Company truly great and prosperous. You may indicate your agreement with these terms and accept this offer by signing and dating the enclosed duplicate original of this letter agreement and returning it to me. 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 B LEND L ABS , I NC . 
 
 By 
 Nima Ghamsari CEO 

I have read and accept this offer 

Signature of Erin Lantz 

Dated 
 
 S IGNATURE P AGE TO B LEND L ABS , I NC . 
 B OARD D IRECTOR O FFER L ETTER Erin Lantz 

Exhibit A 

Indemnification Agreement 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-10.20>
 5
 q42022-exhibit1020.htm
 EX-10.20

Document 

Offer Letter January 9, 2023 
 Dear Amir Jafari, 
 Blend Labs, Inc. Blend or the Company is pleased to offer you employment on the following terms 
 Position Your initial role will be Head of Finance and Administration . Your anticipated start date is January 30, 2023 (the date you actually commence employment with the Company, the Start Date ). This is a full-time position. While you render services to the Company, you will not engage in any other employment, consulting or other business activity (whether full-time or part-time) that would create a conflict of interest with the Company. 
 By signing this offer letter, you confirm to the Company that you have no contractual commitments or other legal obligations that would prohibit you from performing your duties for the Company. If you have any contractual obligations to current or prior employers that are of concern to you, it will be your responsibility to get independent legal counsel regarding the relevance of those obligations to the position being offered to you. No one in the Company is authorized to provide you advice in this regard. Please advise us if you feel there is a potential impediment to performing the job offered. 
 Cash compensation Annual Base The Company will pay you a starting salary at the rate of 400,000 per year, payable in accordance with the Company s standard payroll schedule. This salary will be subject to adjustment pursuant to the Company s employee compensation policies in effect from time to time. 
 Annual Bonus You are eligible to earn an annual cash bonus with a target value of 200,000, based on achieving performance objectives established by the Company s Board of Directors or its designated committee (the Board of Directors or its designated committee, together, the Committee in its sole discretion and payable upon achievement of those objectives as determined by the Committee. If any portion of such bonus is earned, it will be paid when practicable after the Committee determines it has been earned, subject to you remaining employed with the Company through the payment date. Your annual bonus opportunity will be subject to review and adjustment based upon the Company s normal performance review practices. 
 Signing Bonus You will receive 1,000,000 (the Signing Bonus ), less all applicable withholdings, payable on the first or second payroll following the first day of your employment with the Company in accordance with the Company s standard payroll practices. Please note that, per federal law, the Signing Bonus will be considered taxable wages. However, you acknowledge and agree that the Signing Bonus is not yet earned and shall only be earned if you remain continuously employed by the Company for at least one year from the date that you receive the Signing Bonus. Should you terminate your employment before one year from that date, you agree that the Signing 

Bonus was advanced to you, is not earned and must be repaid to the Company within 30 days of termination. You consent to allow the Company to deduct the Signing Bonus from any amounts owed to you by the Company to the full extent allowed by law, and agree that you will sign any additional written authorization necessary to permit such deduction, but nothing shall be construed to limit the Company s rights to recoup the Signing Bonus to the full extent allowed by law. 
 Equity 
 Standard Restricted Stock Units SRSU Subject to the approval of the Committee and your continued employment on the grant date, you will be granted an award of SRSUs with respect to 2,000,000 shares of the Company s Class A common stock Shares with the terms and conditions set forth in this letter agreement (the SRSU Award ). You will vest in 25 of the SRSU Award after 12 months of continuous service, and the balance will vest in equal quarterly installments over the next 36 months of continuous service, as described in the applicable SRSU agreement. 
 Performance Restricted Stock Units PRSU Subject to the approval of the Committee and your continued employment on the grant date, you will be granted an award of PRSUs with respect to the Shares as determined below (the PRSU Award 
 Share Value Less Than 2 If the closing price of a Share is less than 2 as of the Start Date(the Grant Price ), then the PRSU Award will cover a maximum of 1,000,000 Shares, subject to achievement of the performance goals described below. 
 Share Value Equal to or More Than 2 If the Grant Price is equal to or more than 2 , then the PRSU Award will cover a maximum of 800,000 Shares, subject to achievement of the performance goals described below. 
 Grant Price Calculation For purposes of the two foregoing bullet points, the Grant Price will equal the average closing per Share trading price for the seven trading days prior to, but not including, the Start Date. 
 Performance Goals As detailed in the table below, the PRSU Award is divided into four (4) vesting tranches, each a Tranche, with each Tranche representing a portion of the PRSU Award covering that number of Shares specified next to the applicable Tranche number in the table below. The Tranches will have a Company Stock Price Hurdle (defined below) associated with the vesting of such Tranche. Further, the applicable Company Stock Price Hurdle must be achieved by the Tranche Expiration Date set forth below for any Shares subject to a particular Tranche to vest. If the Company Stock Price Hurdle associated with a Tranche is not achieved by the applicable Tranche Expiration Date set forth in the table below, you will not be eligible to vest in such Shares and the Shares subject to that Tranche will terminate for no consideration. A number of Shares will vest and become exercisable equal to the number of Shares listed as the Number of Shares corresponding to the applicable Company Stock Price Hurdle for the applicable Tranche in the table below, subject to your continued employment through the vesting date. 

Tranche # Shares (Grant Price 2) # Shares (Grant Price or 2) Company Stock Price Hurdle 
 (Grant Price 2) 
 Company Stock Price Hurdle 
 (Grant Price or 2) 
 Tranche Expiration Date 1 250,000 200,000 4.26 6.38 Two years following grant date 2 250,000 200,000 8.51 12.77 Three years following grant date 3 250,000 200,000 17.02 25.53 Four years following grant date 4 250,000 200,000 25.53 38.30 Five years following grant date 
 
 Each Tranche will cover 250,000 Shares or 200,000 Shares depending upon whether the Grant Price is less than 2 or greater than or equal to 2, respectively, as described above, with the applicable corresponding Company Stock Price Hurdles similarly depending upon the Grant Price. 
 
 Achievement The Company Stock Price Hurdle for any Tranche is achieved when the applicable Company Stock Price listed in the table above for the Tranche is achieved. The Company Stock Price is determined by the average closing price of a Share for each trading day during any ninety (90) consecutive calendar day period during the performance period (the 90-day average and the average closing price of a Share for each trading day during the last thirty (30) consecutive calendar day period during such 90-day average (the 30-day average and both the 90-day average and the 30-day average must be satisfied to satisfy any Company Stock Price Hurdle. For the avoidance of doubt, if the 90-day average with respect to a particular Company Stock Price Hurdle is satisfied, but the Company Stock Price Hurdle is not achieved for the last thirty (30) consecutive calendar day period in such ninety (90) day period, the Company Stock Price Hurdle will not be achieved for that time period. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) each Company Stock Price Hurdle may only be achieved once during the performance period, and (ii) more than one Company Stock Price Hurdle may be achieved on a particular date. No partial achievement will occur and no Shares subject to the PRSU Award will vest for achievement between two Company Stock Price Hurdles. 
 
 Change in Control The terms of your applicable award agreements, as mutually agreed upon by and between you and Blend, will govern the treatment of your SRSU Award and PRSU Award in the event of a Change in Control (as defined in the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan )). 

General Equity Terms The SRSU and PRSU Awards will be subject to the terms and conditions applicable to awards granted under the Plan, as described in the Plan and the applicable award agreement. The SRSU and PRSU Awards will be granted on the quarterly grant date following the Start Date, subject to certain grant cutoff dates in accordance with Company equity grant practices. The quarterly grant dates are on or around February 20, May 20, August 20, and November 20, with grant cutoff dates occurring on the 12th day of each of these months. If the Start Date is in one of these months and after the grant cutoff date, your SRSU and PRSU Awards will be issued on the quarterly grant date occurring in the next quarter. 
 Employee benefits As a regular employee of the Company, you will be eligible to participate in a number of Company-sponsored benefits. In addition, you will be entitled to paid time off (PTO) in accordance with the Company s PTO policy, as in effect from time to time. 
 Proprietary information and inventions agreement Like all Company employees, you will be required, as a condition of your employment with the Company, to sign the Company's standard Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A. 
 To be clear and as provided in the Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement, the Company has no interest in any information that may be a trade secret or contractually protected as confidential information of your existing employer or any prior employer. We expect you to perform the duties of your position without using or relying upon any information from other parties that might be protected. 
 Arbitration agreement 
 Like all new hires, you will be required, as a condition of your employment with the Company, to sign the Company's standard Arbitration Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit B. 
 Employee relationship Employment with the Company is for no specific period of time. Your employment with the Company will be at will, meaning that either you or the Company may terminate your employment at any time and for any reason, with or without cause. Any contrary representations that may have been made to you are superseded by this letter agreement. This is the full and complete agreement between you and the Company on this term. Although your job duties, title, compensation and benefits, as well as the Company's personnel policies and procedures, may change from time to time, the at will nature of your employment may only be changed in an express written agreement signed by you and a duly authorized officer of the Company (other than you). 
 Tax matters 
 Withholding All forms of compensation referred to in this letter agreement are subject to reduction to reflect applicable withholding and payroll taxes and other deductions required by law. 

Tax advice You are encouraged to obtain your own tax advice regarding your compensation from the Company. You agree that the Company does not have a duty to design its compensation policies in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities, and you will not make any claim against the Company or its Board of Directors related to tax liabilities arising from your compensation. Interpretation, amendment and enforcement This letter agreement and Exhibits A and B supersede and replace any prior agreements, representations or understandings (whether written, oral, implied or otherwise) between you and the Company and constitute the complete agreement between you and the Company regarding the subject matter set forth herein. This letter agreement may not be amended or modified, except by an express written agreement signed by both you and a duly authorized officer of the Company. 
 As required by law, your employment with the Company is contingent upon your providing legal proof of your identity and authorization to work in the United States. As required by Company policy, your employment is contingent upon completion of a pre-employment background check. We hope that you will accept our offer to join the Company. You may indicate your agreement with these terms and accept this offer by signing and dating both the enclosed duplicate original of this letter agreement and the enclosed Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement and returning them to me. 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 Nima Ghamsari 
 CEO, Blend 
 
 I have read and accept this employment offer 
 Name Amir Jafari 
 Signature of employee Dated 

Exhibit A 
 Proprietary Information and Invention Agreement 
 As a condition to my employment or continued employment by Blend Labs, Inc. (the Company ), of which I Amir Jafari will be a beneficiary, and the compensation now and hereafter paid to me, I agree to the following terms as set forth in this Proprietary Information and Invention Assignment Agreement (this Agreement ). I acknowledge and agree that this Agreement applies to all Proprietary Information (as defined herein) that belongs to or is held by any of Blend Labs, Inc. , Blend Brokerage, Inc. dba Blend Realty, Blend Insurance Agency, Inc., Blend Title Insurance Agency, Inc., Blend Operations, Inc. and or any other entity which, directly or indirectly, owns or controls, is owned or is controlled by or is under common ownership or control with Blend Labs, Inc., wherein control means the power to direct the management or affairs of an entity, and ownership means the beneficial ownership of 50 or more of the voting equity securities or other equivalent voting interests of the entity (each, an Affiliate ). I also agree and acknowledge that this Agreement is binding on me and applies to any Proprietary Information (as defined herein) that I may have had prior to actually becoming an employee with the Company. 
 1 To induce the Company to employ or engage me, or continue my employment or engagement, I make the following representations upon which the Company relies I am not a director, officer, sole proprietor, partner, agent, employee or contractor to any business that competes with the Company s business or the business of any of its Affiliates. I have not entered into, and I agree I will not enter into, any agreement either written or oral in conflict with this Agreement or my employment with the Company. I will not violate any agreement with or the rights of any third party or, except as expressly authorized by the Company in writing hereafter, use or disclose my own or any third party s confidential information or intellectual property when acting within the scope of my employment or otherwise on behalf of the Company. Further, I have not retained anything containing any confidential information of a prior employer or other third party, whether or not created by me. 
 2 I agree that all Inventions and all other business, technical and financial information I develop, learn or obtain during the term of my employment that relate to Company or any of its Affiliates or the business or demonstrably anticipated business of Company or any of its Affiliates or that are received by or for Company or any of its Affiliates in confidence, constitute Proprietary Information . I understand that Proprietary Information includes without limitation (a) client lists, client databases and client personal and financial information, whether on computer disc or not, business files, client contracts and vendor contracts, and all other information which is not publicly known and (b) any and all information, processes, trade secrets, databases, software, systems, research and development, patents pending, specifications, new program research, pending projects and proposals, pricing strategies and plans, financial data, formulae, and prototypes, marketing plans and surveys, sales plans, business plans, strategies, forecast projects in development, unpublished financial information, profitability information, forms, transaction documents, budgets, vendor lists, vendor identities, and the agreements, and financial information of vendors, and private personnel information of the Company s and or its Affiliates other employees (not my information), in whatever form and whether or not such information is identified as confidential or proprietary. Proprietary Information also includes the identities of the Company s and or its Affiliates clients and other information about those clients, including their financial requirements, the names of the clients, and their contracts with the Company and or its Affiliates. Proprietary Information shall include both information developed by me for the Company and information I obtained while in the Company's employ. All Proprietary Information, whether created by me or other employees, shall remain the sole and exclusive property of the Company and or its Affiliates. During my employment and after the termination of my employment, I shall not, without written consent of the Company and or its Affiliates, publish or use or disclose to anyone other than authorized personnel of the Company and or its Affiliates any Proprietary Information. I agree to abide by the Company s and its Affiliates policies and regulations for the protection of its Proprietary Information and I understand and agree that the unauthorized disclosure or misuse of such Proprietary Information could irreparably damage the Company and or its Affiliates. 

3 I hereby convey and assign to the Company all right, title and interest (including patent rights, copyrights, trade secret rights, mask work rights, sui generis database rights and all other intellectual property rights of any sort throughout the world) relating to any and all inventions (whether or not patentable), works of authorship, mask works, designs, know-how, ideas and information made or conceived or reduced to practice, in whole or in part, by me during the term of my employment with the Company to and only to the fullest extent allowed by applicable law (including, without limitation, pursuant to the applicable statutory provision for the state in which I primarily work set forth in Appendix A, if any) (collectively Inventions ). Nothing in this Agreement requires me to make any assignments of intellectual property rights beyond what is allowed under applicable law. Without disclosing any third party confidential information, I will also disclose anything I believe is excluded by the foregoing so that the Company can make an independent assessment. I agree that all such Inventions are the sole property of the Company. I further agree that all such Inventions, including works of authorship are works for hire for purposes of the Company s rights under copyright laws. I will promptly disclose all Inventions to the Company. I agree to keep and maintain adequate and current written records of all Inventions made by me (solely or jointly with others) during the term of my employment with the Company. The records will be in the form of notes, sketches, drawings, charts, flows, designs, code, specifications, product requirements documents, and any other format (whether electronic or otherwise) that may be specified by the Company. The records will be available to and remain the sole property of the Company at all times. I understand and agree that the decision whether or not to commercialize or market any Invention is within the Company's sole discretion and for the Company's sole benefit. No royalty will be due to me as a result of the Company's efforts to commercialize or market any Invention. 
 
 4 I shall further assist the Company, at the Company's expense, to further evidence, record and perfect such assignments, and to perfect, obtain, maintain, enforce, and defend any rights specified to be so owned or assigned. I hereby irrevocably designate and appoint the Company as my agent and attorney-in-fact, coupled with an interest and with full power of substitution, to act for and in my behalf to execute and file any document and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the purposes of the foregoing with the same legal force and effect as if executed by me. If I wish to clarify that something created by me prior to my employment that relates to the Company's and or its Affiliates actual or proposed business is not within the scope of the foregoing assignment, I have listed it on Appendix B in a manner that does not violate any third party rights or disclose any confidential information. If no Inventions are disclosed on the attached Appendix B, I warrant that there are no prior Inventions. Without limiting Section 1 or the Company's other rights and remedies, if, when acting within the scope of my employment or otherwise on behalf of the Company, I use or disclose my own or any third party's confidential information or intellectual property (or if any Invention cannot be fully made, used, reproduced, distributed and otherwise exploited without using or violating the foregoing), the Company will have and I hereby grant the Company a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide royalty-free, non-exclusive, sub-licensable right and license to exploit and exercise all such confidential information and intellectual property rights. 
 5 To the extent allowed by law, paragraphs 3 and 4 above include all rights of paternity, integrity, disclosure and withdrawal and any other rights that may be known as or referred to as moral rights, artist's rights, droit moral, or the like (collectively Moral Rights ). To the extent I retain any such Moral Rights under applicable law, I hereby ratify and consent to any action that may be taken with respect to such Moral Rights by or authorized by the Company and agree not to assert any Moral Rights with respect thereto. I will confirm any such ratifications, consents and agreements from time to time as requested by the Company. 
 6 Upon termination of my employment, I will promptly return to the Company all items containing or embodying Proprietary Information (including all copies), except that I may keep my personal copies of (i) my compensation records, (ii) materials distributed to shareholders generally and (iii) this Agreement. I also recognize and agree that I have no expectation of privacy with respect to the Company's telecommunications, networking or information processing systems (including, without 

limitation, stored computer files, email messages and voice messages) and that my activity and any files or messages on or using any of those systems may be monitored at any time without notice. 
 7 I acknowledge and agree that the names, addresses, and contact information of the Company and or its Affiliates' customers and all other Proprietary Information relating to those customers, have been compiled by the Company and or its Affiliates at great expense and effort and represent a real asset of the Company and or its Affiliates. I further understand and agree that this information is deemed confidential by the Company and constitutes trade secrets of the Company. I understand that this information has been provided to me in confidence, and I agree that the unauthorized use or disclosure of any of the Company's trade secrets obtained by me during my employment with the Company, including to influence or attempt to influence any client, licensor, licensee, customer or other person either directly or indirectly, to direct any purchase of products and or services to any person, firm, corporation, institution or other entity in competition with the business of the Company, constitutes unfair competition. I agree and promise not to engage in any unfair competition with the Company and or its Affiliates. 
 8 I agree that during the term of my employment with the Company (whether or not during business hours), I will not engage in any activity that is in any way competitive with the business or demonstrably anticipated business of the Company and or its Affiliates, and I will not assist any other person or organization in competing or in preparing to compete with any business or demonstrably anticipated business of the Company and or its Affiliates, nor will I engage in any other activities that conflict with my obligations to the Company. 
 9 I agree that this Agreement is not an employment contract for any particular term and that I have the right to resign and the Company has the right to terminate my employment at will, at any time, for any or no reason, with or without cause. In addition, this Agreement does not purport to set forth all of the terms and conditions of my employment, and, as an employee of the Company, I have obligations to the Company which are not set forth in this Agreement. However, the terms of this Agreement govern over any inconsistent terms and can only be changed by a subsequent written agreement signed by the President of the Company. 
 10 I agree that my obligations under this Agreement shall continue in effect after termination of my employment (except for those provisions that are specified to be limited to a specific period of time), regardless of the reason or reasons for termination, and whether such termination is voluntary or involuntary on my part, and that the Company is entitled to communicate my obligations under this Agreement to any future employer or potential employer of mine. My obligations also shall be binding upon my heirs, executors, assigns, and administrators and shall inure to the benefit of the Company, its Affiliates, successors and assigns. 
 11 This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the state in which I primarily work, without giving effect to any choice-of-law rules or principles that may result in the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. In the event of any dispute with respect to the meaning, effect or validity of this Agreement, I hereby expressly consent to the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in San Francisco County, California for any lawsuit filed against me by the Company. I further agree that if one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to be illegal or unenforceable under applicable state law, such illegal or unenforceable portion(s) shall be limited or excluded from this Agreement to the minimum extent required so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable in accordance with its terms. This Agreement is fully assignable and transferable by the Company, but any purported assignment or transfer by me is void. I expressly consent to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement for the benefit of the Company or any Affiliate to whose employ I may be transferred without the necessity that this Agreement be resigned at the time of such transfer, and agree that, after such transfer, the term Company herein will mean the Affiliate to which I am transferred. I also understand that any breach of this Agreement will cause irreparable harm to the Company and or its Affiliates for which it would be difficult to calculate the extent of damages, and, therefore, the Company and or its Affiliates will be entitled to injunctive relief with respect 

thereto in addition to any other remedies and without any requirement to post bond (or, where such bond or other security is required, I agree that a 1,000 bond will be adequate). 
 12 
 The parties expressly agree and acknowledge that the Affiliates (as defined above) are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement, individually or collectively, and have the rights and benefits set forth in this Agreement and may enforce the provisions herein as if they were parties to this Agreement, either individually or collectively. 
 13 Nothing in this Agreement prohibits me from reporting an event that I reasonably and in good faith believe is a violation of law to the relevant law enforcement agency, or from cooperating in an investigation conducted by such a government agency. This may include disclosure of trade secret or confidential information within the limitations permitted by the Defend Trade Secrets Act DTSA ). I am notified that under the DTSA, no individual will be held criminally or civilly liable under Federal or State trade secret law for disclosure of a trade secret (as defined in the Economic Espionage Act) that is (A) made in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and made solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or, (B) made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal so that it is not made public. Further, an individual who pursues a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of the law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal, and does not disclose the trade secret, except as permitted by court order. I further understand that nothing contained in this Agreement limits my ability to (A) communicate with any Federal, State or local governmental agency or commission, including to provide documents or other information, without notice to the Company, or (B) share compensation information concerning myself or others, except that this does not permit me to disclose compensation information concerning others that I obtain because my job responsibilities require or allow access to such information. 
 No promises or representations have been made to me to induce me to sign this Agreement. This Agreement may be signed by the parties in separate signature pages known as counterparts, and the separate signature pages may be combined to create a document binding on the parties and shall constitute one and the same instrument. The parties may electronically sign this Agreement, which shall have the same force and effect as an ink signature. 

APPENDIX A 
 If I am employed by Company in California, California Labor Code Section 2870 is as follows 
 Application of provision providing that employee shall assign or offer to assign rights in invention to employer. 
 (a) Any provision in an employment agreement which provides that an employee shall assign, or offer to assign, any of his or her rights in an invention to his or her employer shall not apply to an invention that the employee developed entirely on his or her own time without using the employer s equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information except for those inventions that either 
 (1) Relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to the employer s business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the employer or 
 (2) Result from any work performed by the employee for his employer. 
 (b) To the extent a provision in an employment agreement purports to require an employee to assign an invention otherwise excluded from being required to be assigned under subdivision (a), the provision is against the public policy of this state and is unenforceable. 
 
 If I am employed by Company in Delaware, Title 19, Section 805 of the Delaware Code Ann. is as follows 
 Any provision in an employment agreement which provides that the employee shall assign or offer to assign any of the employee's rights in an invention to the employee's employer shall not apply to an invention that the employee developed entirely on the employee's own time without using the employer's equipment, supplies, facility or trade secret information, except for those inventions that (i) relate to the employer's business or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development, or (ii) result from any work performed by the employee for the employer. To the extent a provision in an employment agreement purports to apply to the type of invention described, it is against the public policy of this State and is unenforceable. An employer may not require a provision of an employment agreement made unenforceable under this section as a condition of employment or continued employment. 
 If I am employed by Company in Illinois, Chapter 765, Section 1060 2 of the Illinois Compiled Statutes is as follows 
 (1) A provision in an employment agreement which provides that an employee shall assign or offer to assign any of the employee's rights in an invention to the employer does not apply to an invention for which no equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information of the employer was used and which was developed entirely on the employee's own time, unless (a) the invention relates (i) to the business of the employer, or (ii) to the employer's actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development, or (b) the invention results from any work performed by the employee for the employer. Any provision which purports to apply to such an invention is to that extent against the public policy of this State and is to that extent void and unenforceable. The employee shall bear the burden of proof in establishing that his invention qualifies under this subsection. 
 (2) An employer shall not require a provision made void and unenforceable by subsection (1) of this Section as a condition of employment or continuing employment. This Act shall not preempt existing common law applicable to any shop rights of employers with respect to employees who have not signed an employment agreement. 
 (3) If an employment agreement entered into after January 1, 1984, contains a provision requiring the employee to assign any of the employee's rights in any invention to the employer, the employer must also, at the time the agreement is made, provide a written notification to the employee that the agreement does not apply to an invention for which no equipment, supplies, facility, or trade secret information of the employer was used and which was developed entirely on the employee's own time, unless (a) the invention relates (i) to the business of the employer, or (ii) to the employer's actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development, or (b) the invention results from any work performed by the employee for the employer. 
 If I am employed by Company in Kansas, Sections 44-130 of the Kansas Labor and Industries Code is as follows 
 (a) Any provision in an employment agreement which provides that an employee shall assign or offer to assign any of the employee's rights in an invention to the employer shall not apply to an invention for which no equipment, supplies, facilities or trade secret information of the employer was used and which was developed entirely on the employee's own time, unless 

(1) The invention relates to the business of the employer or to the employer's actual or demonstrably 
 anticipated research or development or 
 (2) The invention results from any work performed by the employee for the employer. 
 (b) Any provision in an employment agreement which purports to apply to an invention which it is prohibited from applying to under subsection (a), is to that extent against the public policy of this state and is to that extent void and unenforceable. No employer shall require a provision made void and unenforceable by this section as a condition of employment or continuing employment. 
 (c) If an employment agreement contains a provision requiring the employee to assign any of the employee's rights in any invention to the employer, the employer shall provide, at the time the agreement is made, a written notification to the employee that the agreement does not apply to an invention for which no equipment, supplies, facility or trade secret information of the employer was used and which was developed entirely on the employee's own time, unless 
 (1) The invention relates directly to the business of the employer or to the employer's actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development or 
 (2) The invention results from any work performed by the employee for the employer. 
 (d) Even though the employee meets the burden of proving the conditions specified in this section, the employee shall disclose, at the time of employment or thereafter, all inventions being developed by the employee, for the purpose of determining employer and employee rights in an invention. 
 If I am employed by Company in Minnesota, Section 181.78 of the Minnesota Labor, Industry Code is as follows 
 Subdivision 1. Inventions not related to employment. Any provision in an employment agreement which provides that an employee shall assign or offer to assign any of the employee's rights in an invention to the employer shall not apply to an invention for which no equipment, supplies, facility or trade secret information of the employer was used and which was developed entirely on the employee's own time, and (1) which does not relate (a) directly to the business of the employer or (b) to the employer's actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development, or (2) which does not result from any work performed by the employee for the employer. Any provision which purports to apply to such an invention is to that extent against the public policy of this state and is to that extent void and unenforceable. 
 Subdivision 2. Effect of subdivision 1. No employer shall require a provision made void and unenforceable by subdivision 1 as a condition of employment or continuing employment. 
 Subdivision 3. Notice to employee. If an employment agreement entered into after August 1, 1977 contains a provision requiring the employee to assign or offer to assign any of the employee's rights in any invention to an employer, the employer must also, at the time the agreement is made, provide a written notification to the employee that the agreement does not apply to an invention for which no equipment, supplies, facility or trade secret information of the employer was used and which was developed entirely on the employee's own time, and (1) which does not relate (a) directly to the business of the employer or (b) to the employer's actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development, or (2) which does not result from any work performed by the employee for the employer. 
 If I am employed by Company in North Carolina, 66-57.1 and 66-57.2 of the North Carolina Gen. Stat. is as follows 
 66 57.1. Employee s right to certain inventions. 
 Any provision in an employment agreement which provides that the employee shall assign or offer to assign any of his rights in an invention to his employer shall not apply to an invention that the employee developed entirely on his own time without using the employer s equipment, supplies, facility or trade secret information except for those inventions that (i) relate to the employer s business or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development, or (ii) result from any work performed by the employee for the employer. To the extent a provision in an employment agreement purports to apply to the type of invention described, it is against 

the public policy of this State and is unenforceable. The employee shall bear the burden of proof in establishing that his invention qualifies under this section. 
 66 57.2. Employer s rights. 
 An employer may not require a provision of an employment agreement made unenforceable under G.S. 66 57.1 as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer, in an employment agreement, may require that the employee report all inventions developed by the employee, solely or jointly, during the term of his employment to the employer, including those asserted by the employee as nonassignable, for the purpose of determining employee or employer rights. If required by a contract between the employer and the United States or its agencies, the employer may require that full title to certain patents and inventions be in the United States. 
 If I am employed by Company in Utah, Sections 34-39-2 and 34-39-3 of Utah Code Ann. are as follows 
 34-39-2. Definitions. 
 As used in this chapter 
 (1) Employment invention means any invention or part thereof conceived, developed, reduced to practice, or created by an employee which is 
 (a) conceived, developed, reduced to practice, or created by the employee 
 (i) within the scope of his employment 
 (ii) on his employer's time or 
 (iii) with the aid, assistance, or use of any of his employer's property, equipment, facilities, supplies, resources, or intellectual property 
 (b) the result of any work, services, or duties performed by an employee for his employer 
 (c) related to the industry or trade of the employer or 
 (d) related to the current or demonstrably anticipated business, research, or development of the employer. 
 (2) Intellectual property means any and all patents, trade secrets, know-how, technology, confidential information, ideas, copyrights, trademarks, and service marks and any and all rights, applications, and registrations relating to them. 
 34-29-3. Scope of Act -- When agreements between an employee and employer are enforceable or unenforceable with respect to employment inventions -- Exceptions. 
 (1) An employment agreement between an employee and his employer is not enforceable against the employee to the extent that the agreement requires the employee to assign or license, or to offer to assign or license, to the employer any right or intellectual property in or to an invention that is 
 (a) created by the employee entirely on his own time and 
 (b) not an employment invention. 
 (2) An agreement between an employee and his employer may require the employee to assign or license, or to offer to assign or license, to his employer any or all of his rights and intellectual property in or to an employment invention. 
 (3) Subsection (1) does not apply to 
 (a) any right, intellectual property or invention that is required by law or by contract between the employer and the United States government or a state or local government to be assigned or licensed to the United States or 

(b) an agreement between an employee and his employer which is not an employment agreement. 
 (4) Notwithstanding Subsection (1), an agreement is enforceable under Subsection (1) if the employee's employment or continuation of employment is not conditioned on the employee's acceptance of such agreement and the employee receives a consideration under such agreement which is not compensation for employment. 
 (5) Employment of the employee or the continuation of his employment is sufficient consideration to support the enforceability of an agreement under Subsection (2) whether or not the agreement recites such consideration. 
 (6) An employer may require his employees to agree to an agreement within the scope of Subsection (2) as a condition of employment or the continuation of employment. 
 (7) An employer may not require his employees to agree to anything unenforceable under Subsection (1) as a condition of employment or the continuation of employment. 
 (8) Nothing in this chapter invalidates or renders unenforceable any employment agreement or provisions of an employment agreement unrelated to employment inventions. 
 If I am employed by Company in Washington, Section 49.44.140 of the Revised Code of Washington is as follows 
 (1) A provision in an employment agreement which provides that an employee shall assign or offer to assign any of the employee s rights in an invention to the employer does not apply to an invention for which no equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information of the employer was used and which was developed entirely on the employee s own time, unless (a) the invention relates (i) directly to the business of the employer, or (ii) to the employer's actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development, or (b) the invention results from any work performed by the employee for the employer. Any provision which purports to apply to such an invention is to that extent against the public policy of this state and is to that extent void and unenforceable. 
 (2) An employer shall not require a provision made void and unenforceable by subsection (1) of this section as a condition of employment or continuing employment. 
 (3) If an employment agreement entered into after September 1, 1979, contains a provision requiring the employee to assign any of the employee s rights in any invention to the employer, the employer must also, at the time the agreement is made, provide a written notification to the employee that the agreement does not apply to an invention for which no equipment, supplies, facility, or trade secret information of the employer was used and which was developed entirely on the employee s own time, unless (a) the invention relates (i) directly to the business of the employer, or (ii) to the employer's actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development, or (b) the invention results from any work performed by the employee for the employer. 

APPENDIX B 
 PRIOR MATTER 

EXHIBIT B 
 ARBITRATION AGREEMENT 
 
 Amir Jafari Employee and Blend Labs, Inc. (the Company ), for good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, enter into this agreement to arbitrate claims and waive their respective rights to a jury trial (the Agreement as set forth below 
 1. Claims Subject to Arbitration . Any controversy, dispute or claim which could be brought under applicable state, local or federal law and which lawfully can be the subject of an agreement to arbitrate (a Claim or Claims between Employee and the Company, or any of the Company s Affiliates, which includes the Company s parent, subsidiary and affiliate entities and any of its or their officers, directors, agents or other employees, shall be resolved exclusively by binding arbitration, by filing and serving a demand for arbitration. 
 
 The arbitrability of any controversy, dispute or claim under this Agreement shall be determined by the arbitrator by application of the substantive provisions of the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. sections 1 and 2). Arbitration shall be the exclusive method for resolving any dispute and all remedies available from a court of competent jurisdiction shall be available. 
 
 The Claims that are to be arbitrated include, but are not limited to, any Claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the employment relationship between Employee and the Company and or its Affiliates, claims for wages and other compensation, claims for breach of contract (express or implied), claims for violation of public policy, wrongful termination, tort claims, claims for unlawful discrimination and or harassment (including, but not limited to, race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, gender identity or expression, medical condition, marital status, age, pregnancy, sex or sexual orientation) to the extent allowed by law, and claims for violation of any federal, state, or other government law, statute, regulation, or ordinance, except for claims for workers compensation or unemployment insurance benefits. For the avoidance of doubt, the Claims include claims of discrimination and harassment under Massachusetts General Law Chapter 151B, California Fair Employment and Housing Act, and New York City Human Rights Law. This Agreement shall not apply to a Claim to the extent the Agreement would violate applicable law concerning arbitration of disputes, including without limitation, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (H.R. 4173), California Labor Code Section 432.6, and New York Civil Practice Law and Rules Section 7515, so long as the appliable law is in force. This Agreement shall not be interpreted to provide for arbitration of any dispute that does not constitute a claim recognized under applicable law. 
 
 2. Arbitration Provider, Rules and Location . Except as set forth herein, any arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the then current arbitration rules of JAMS JAMS applicable to arbitration of employment disputes, except to the extent inconsistent with the express terms of this Agreement, and JAMS shall administer the arbitration. A copy of the current rules will be provided upon reasonable request, or may be found at http www.jamsadr.com rules-employment-arbitration . Arbitration proceedings will be held at the JAMS office nearest the domestic office in which Employee last worked for the Company and or its Affiliates. If the Employee held a remote position, arbitration proceedings will be held at the JAMS office nearest the Employee s residence when the Employee last worked for the Company and or its Affiliates. If there is no JAMS office within 100 miles of the domestic office or the Employee s residence, and there is a closer American Arbitration Association AAA office, the arbitration shall be administered by AAA and the then current arbitration rules of AAA applicable to arbitration of employment disputes shall govern, except to the extent inconsistent with the express terms of this Agreement. A copy of the current AAA rules will be provided upon reasonable request, and may be found at https www.adr.org sites default files EmploymentRules_Web_2.pdf . 
 
 3. Selection of Arbitrator . The parties to the arbitration (the Parties will select a single neutral arbitrator by mutual agreement. If the Parties are unable to agree on a neutral arbitrator within thirty (30) days of a demand for arbitration, any party may elect to obtain a list of arbitrators from JAMS, and the arbitrator shall be selected by alternate striking of names from the list until a single arbitrator remains. The party initiating the arbitration shall be the first to strike a name. 
 
 4. Demand for Arbitration . The demand for arbitration must be in writing and must be made by the aggrieved party within the statute of limitations period provided under applicable state and or federal law for the particular claim(s). Failure to make a written demand within the applicable statutory period constitutes a waiver of the right to assert that claim in any forum. Failure timely to pursue and failure to exhaust administrative remedies, where pursing and or exhausting administrative remedies is required prior to pursing a claim in court, constitutes a waiver of the right to assert that claim in any forum. 
 
 5. Choice of Law . This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the state in which Employee primarily works worked, without giving effect to any choice of law rules or principles that may result in the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. 
 
 6. Discovery . The Parties shall be entitled to conduct reasonable discovery. To the extent any party seeks discovery in addition to that specifically permitted by the applicable arbitration rules, the arbitrator shall have the authority to determine what constitutes reasonable discovery in accordance with the applicable rules. The arbitrator shall hear motions for summary judgment adjudication as provided in the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. 

7. Written Opinion and Award . Within thirty (30) days following the hearing and the submission of the matter to the arbitrator, the arbitrator shall issue a written opinion and award which shall be signed and dated. The arbitrator s award shall decide all issues submitted by the parties, and the arbitrator may not decide any issue not submitted. The opinion and award shall include factual findings and the reasons upon which the decision is based. The arbitrator shall be permitted to award only those remedies in law or equity which are requested by the parties and allowed by law. 
 
 8. Confidentiality . The arbitration shall be conducted on a confidential basis. The means that the parties shall not disclose the fact of or outcome of the arbitration, any pleadings, motions or other documents offered or exchanged in connection with the arbitration, testimony provided in connection with the arbitration or any final or interim rulings Confidential Information with any person not a party to the arbitration, other than as follows, except where such confidentiality is prohibited by applicable law. Any entity, including the Company, that is a party to the arbitration, may disclose Confidential Information to its employees, officers and directors with a business purpose for receiving the information, any witnesses who may be called to provide testimony or other information in connection with the arbitration (but only to the extent necessary for such participation), its counsel, experts and their respective employees, accountants or tax preparers, any corporate parent organization, any governmental or quasi-governmental regulatory agency or self-regulatory body, to a court of competent jurisdiction as necessary to enforce any preliminary or final judgment, award or order, and in communicating with any law enforcement or regulatory agency or self-regulatory body. An individual who is a party to the arbitration, may disclose Confidential Information to his or her immediate family, any witnesses who may be called to provide testimony or other information in connection with the arbitration (but only to the extent necessary for such participation), his her counsel, experts and their respective employees, accountants or tax preparers, any corporate parent organization, any governmental or quasi-governmental regulatory agency or self-regulatory body, to a court of competent jurisdiction as necessary to enforce any preliminary or final judgment, award or order, and in communicating with any law enforcement or regulatory agency or self-regulatory body. With respect to disclosures to family members, officers, directors or employees of an entity and witnesses, the recipient of the Confidential Information shall be advised and required to acknowledge in writing that he, she or it, may not disclose the Confidential Information. Nothing contained in this Agreement waives a party s right to testify in an administrative, legislative, or judicial proceeding concerning alleged criminal conduct or alleged sexual harassment on the part of the other party, or on the part of the agents or employees of the other party, when the party has been required or requested to attend the proceeding pursuant to a court order, subpoena, or written request from an administrative agency or the legislature. 
 
 9. Costs of Arbitration . The cost of the arbitrator and other incidental costs of arbitration shall be borne by the Company provided, however, that Employee shall be required to pay an amount equal to the initial filing fee, if any, Employee would have been required to pay had the Claim(s) been pursued in a state or federal court with personal and subject matter jurisdiction over such Claim(s). The parties shall each bear their own costs and attorneys fees in any arbitration proceeding, provided, however, that the arbitrator shall have the authority to require either party to pay the costs and attorneys fees of the other party to the extent permitted under applicable federal or state law, as a part of any remedy that may be ordered. 
 
 10. No Class or Collective Action . The Employee and the Company agree that (i) any and all Claims subject to arbitration shall be brought and maintained by the Employee and or the Company in his, her or its individual capacity, and (ii) he, she or it shall not be entitled to bring any Claim subject to arbitration as a plaintiff on behalf or to as a member of a class in any class or other form of representative proceeding or collective action. Except as prohibited by law, the Employee and the Company waive their rights to pursue any claim subject to arbitration on a class, representative, or collective basis. It is the intent of the parties that all claims subject to arbitration shall be heard as individual, rather than class or collective, claims. 
 
 11. Waiver of Right to Jury . Both the Company and Employee understand that by using arbitration to resolve disputes they are giving up any right that they may have to a judge or jury trial with regard to all issues concerning employment or otherwise covered by this arbitration Agreement. 
 
 12. Entire Agreement No Oral Modification . This is the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. It may be modified or superseded only by a writing signed by both parties specifically stating the parties intent to modify or supersede this Agreement. 

EMPLOYEE 

Print Name Amir Jafari 

Signature 

Dated 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-10.21>
 6
 q42022-exhibit1021.htm
 EX-10.21

Document 

Name Marc Greenberg 
 Date 01 09 2023 
 Dear Marc , 
 In recognition of your contributions to Blend Labs, Inc. Blend ), the Compensation Committee of Blend s Board of Directors (the Committee has approved a special bonus arrangement for you subject to the terms and conditions described below. 
 Special Bonus 
 April 2023 Bonus Subject to your continued employment with Blend through March 31, 2023, you will receive a Bonus Payment (as defined below) equal to the amount by which Your Earned Pay (as defined below) is less than 1,458,333 for the months of September 1, 2022 through March 31, 2023. The Bonus Payment will be made on April 21, 2023 in accordance with Blend s payroll processes and procedures . However, if your employment with Blend is terminated by Blend without Cause (as defined below) prior to March 31, 2023, you will be paid the Bonus Payment on the first regularly scheduled payroll date to occur following the date you sign a release of claims with Blend and it becomes effective and irrevocable. 
 Bonus Payment means a payment in cash or fully vested Blend Class A common stock Shares of equivalent value, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. The value of any Shares will be determined using the 30 trading day average closing price of the Shares on the NYSE ending on March 31, 2023 (or, if the Bonus Payment becomes payable as a result of a termination of your employment with Blend by Blend without Cause, the last day of the calendar month prior to the date of your termination), rounded down to the nearest Share. Any Bonus Payment will be subject to applicable withholdings and deductions. 
 Cause means (i) your conviction of, or plea of guilty or no contest to, a felony under the laws of the United States or any State thereof (ii) your unauthorized use or disclosure of Blend s confidential information or trade secrets, which use or disclosure causes material harm to Blend (iii) your material breach of any written agreement between you and Blend regarding the terms of your service to Blend (iv) your material failure to comply with Blend s written policies or rules 

that causes material harm to Blend (v) your gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance your duties to Blend that causes material harm to Blend (vi) your continuing failure to perform assigned duties after receiving written notification of such failure from the Board or (vii) your failure to participate in good faith with a governmental or internal investigation of Blend or its directors, officers or employees, if Blend has requested your cooperation provided that any action, failure, breach or misconduct described in clauses (ii) through (vii) will constitute Cause only if such action, failure, breach or misconduct continues after Blend has provided you with written notice and thirty (30) days to cure the same if such action, failure, breach or misconduct is curable. For purposes of this Cause definition, Blend means Blend and its subsidiaries. 
 Your Earned Pay means your base salary plus any additional cash bonuses earned during the specified time period set forth above, plus the value of any Blend equity awards that you hold that vests during the same period. The value of equity vesting will be determined using 
 For any Share, the value will be determined as set forth in the definition of Bonus Payment. 
 For options to purchase Shares, the Black-Scholes value on any vesting date with the following assumptions 
 Term Actual remaining term of option 
 Volatility The volatility of the Shares from September 1, 2022 through the day prior to the date the stock option vests 
 Risk Free Rate The average of the daily interest rate on three month treasury bills from September 1, 2022 through the day prior to the date the stock option vests 
 Dividend Yield 0 
 The Bonus Payment is intended to be exempt from or comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and will be interpreted and construed in accordance with such intent. 

Furthermore, your last day of employment with Blend will be April 1, 2023. Following your departure from Blend without Cause, you will be eligible to receive nine weeks of severance in accordance with Blend practices, and subject to your signing and not revoking a release of claims in favor of Blend. 
 We are hopeful that the Bonus Payment conveys that we value you, and that we are committed to supporting your impact at Blend. 
 Nima 
 Acknowledged and Agreed 
 
 Marc Greenberg 
 
 Date 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-10.22>
 7
 q42022-exhibit1022.htm
 EX-10.22

Document 

Transition Agreement and General Release 
 February 1, 2023 
 Dear Crystal Sumner 
 This Transition Agreement and Release (the Agreement sets forth the agreement between you and Blend Labs, Inc., Blend Insurance Agency, Inc., Blend Title Insurance Agency, Inc., Blend Operations, Inc. Blend Brokerage, Inc. dba Blend Realty, and Title365 Company (collectively, the Company regarding your employment and the end of your employment with the Company. In consideration of the mutual covenants and promises contained in this Agreement, you and the Company hereby agree as follows 
 1. Separation Date and Transition Period. You and the Company agree that your employment will end on February 1, 2023 Separation Date ). You and the Company also agree that you will transition your work and provide advice and assistance to current employees Transition Duties from February 1, 2023 to February 12, 2023 (the Transition Period ). 
 
 2. Final Wages. You will receive payment for all final wages earned by you through the Separation Date, regardless of whether you execute this Agreement. You cannot sign this Agreement before the Separation Date and it will not be effective or valid if it is signed before that date. 
 
 3. Transition Pay. You understand and acknowledge that you are not entitled to separation pay pursuant to Company policy, by contract, or otherwise unless you execute this Agreement on or after the Separation Date. In exchange for your performance of Transition Duties during the Transition Period, execution of this Agreement, and release of claims and other promises in this Agreement, the Company will make a lump sum payment to you in the gross amount of 77,884.62, less all applicable payroll deductions and withholdings TransitionPay ). This amount is intended to represent 9 weeks of your base pay at the end of your employment. If you choose to sign this Agreement, this Transition Pay, less required payroll deductions and withholdings, will be paid to you via direct deposit on the Company s next regularly scheduled pay day following the Effective Date of this Agreement (as defined in Paragraph 9). 
 
 4. Acknowledgments. By accepting the Transition Pay, you understand and acknowledge (a) you are receiving the Transition Pay because you have entered into this Agreement with the Company and would not otherwise be entitled to receive it (b) your signing of and your agreement to this Agreement is knowing and voluntary and that you have not been coerced or threatened (c) you have been paid through the Separation Date all wages, bonuses and other forms of compensation due to you for work performed for the Company (d) except as otherwise provided in this 
 1 

Agreement, you are not entitled to receive compensation or benefits of any kind from the Company on or after the Separation Date (e) you have not suffered or incurred any workplace injury in the course of your employment with the Company on or before the Separation Date, other than any injury that was the subject of an injury report or workers compensation claim on or before to the Separation Date (f) the Company has properly provided you with leave for your or your family members health conditions or military service and has not taken any adverse action against you as a result of you requesting or taking any such leave and (g) you do not have a claim against the Company or any released party for sexual assault, sexual harassment, or unlawful workplace harassment or discrimination, failure to prevent an act of workplace harassment or discrimination, or an act of retaliation against a person for reporting or opposing harassment or discrimination whether or not filed in a court or government agency proceeding, in an alternative dispute resolution forum, or through the Company s internal complaint processes. 
 
 5. Release of All Claims. In consideration for receiving the Transition Pay described in Paragraph 3, to the fullest extent permitted by law, you and your heirs, executors, beneficiaries, successors, assignees, immediate family members, and any other person or entity who could now or hereafter assert a claim in your name or on your behalf waive, release, and forever discharge the Company and its predecessors, successors or past or present parent companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, stockholders, directors, officers, former or current employees, consultants, attorneys, agents, assigns and employee benefit plans Released Parties from any and all liabilities, claims, wages, agreements, obligations, demands, causes of action, attorneys fees and or expenses known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, arising out of or in any way connected with your employment with the Company, the end of your employment, and or any other transactions, occurrences, acts or omissions, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, resulting from any act or omission by or on the part of the Released Parties, or any of them, committed or omitted up to and including the date you execute this Agreement (collectively Claims ). Without in any way limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Claims which you are waiving and releasing in this Agreement include, but are not limited to (i) any claim or violation under federal, state, or local Constitution, statute, regulation, ordinance and or common law that may apply in the context your employment with the Company, including for alleged discrimination, harassment, failure to accommodate, or retaliation, under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1866, the Americans With Disabilities Act, the Equal Pay Act, the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act ADEA ), the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, the False Claims Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the federal and California Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Acts, the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, the Illinois 
 2 

Human Rights Act, the New York State Human Rights Law, the New York City Human Rights Law, the Virginia Human Rights Act, the Virginians with Disabilities Act, the Massachusetts Fair Employment Practices Act, the Massachusetts Overtime Law, the Massachusetts Payment of Wages Law, the Massachusetts Civil Rights Act, the Massachusetts Equal Rights Act, the Massachusetts Equal Pay Act, the Massachusetts Labor and Industries Act, the Massachusetts Privacy Act, the Massachusetts Independent Contractor statute, the Massachusetts Earned Sick Time Law, the New Jersey Conscientious Employee Protection Act, the New Jersey Law Against Discrimination, the West Virginia Human Rights Act, any amendments to the foregoing, or any other federal, state, or local statute or common law which forbids discrimination, harassment, or retaliation in any aspect of employment (ii) any claim of negligence, breach of an express or implied employment contract, violation of public policy, wrongful discharge, conspiracy, fraud, infliction of emotional distress, mental or physical injury, or defamation (iii) any claim for benefits under any of the Company s employee benefits plans and (iv) any claim for reinstatement, equitable relief, or damages of any kind whatsoever. 
 
 The scope of what you release in this Agreement includes, but is not limited to, a full general release of any and all Claims or potential Claims that you may have against the Company and or against any of the other Released Parties, for any and all injunctive relief, declaratory relief, physical injury, personal injury, and injury of any and all other kinds, and or any and all other kinds of alleged damages, or other monetary obligation, or obligation of any other sort, including but not limited to, any and all compensatory damages, emotional distress damages, punitive damages, costs, attorneys fees, and any and all other kinds of damages that are based in whole or in part on any act or omission occurring on or before the date you sign this Agreement. 
 
 However, execution of this Agreement does not bar any claim that arises hereafter, including (without limitation) a claim for breach of this Agreement and, if applicable, any claims relating to any extension of the post-termination exercise period applicable to your vested options. This release of claims does not affect your vested rights in and to any benefit plan to which you may be entitled upon your separation. 
 
 6. Waiver of Unknown Claims. You acknowledge that you have read section 1542 of the Civil Code of the State of California Section 1542 that provides as follows 
 
 A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, 
 3 

WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY. 
 
 By signing this Agreement, you are waiving any right or benefit that you have or may have under Section 1542 and under any similar law of any other jurisdiction, or any common law principles of similar effect, to the full extent that you may lawfully waive all such rights and benefits pertaining to the subject matter of this Agreement. You acknowledge that you or your representatives may hereafter discover claims or facts in addition to or different from those that you now know or believe to exist with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement, but that it is your intention in executing this Agreement and in receiving the Transition Pay to fully, finally and forever settle and release all of the matters released herein. In furtherance of this intention, the release herein granted shall be and remain in effect notwithstanding the discovery of any such additional or different claim or facts. 
 
 7. Right to Engage in Protected Activity . Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to waive any right provided by law that is not subject to waiver by private agreement, including (a) claims for worker s compensation or unemployment benefits (b) for vested rights under ERISA-covered employee benefit plans as applicable on the date you sign this Agreement (c) that may arise after you sign this Agreement or (d) for reimbursement of expenses under the Company's reimbursement policies. In addition, nothing in this Agreement including but not limited to the acknowledgments, release of claims, return of property, confidentiality, and non-disparagement provisions (e) prevents you from discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that you have reason to believe is unlawful or waives your right to testify in an administrative, legislative, or judicial proceeding concerning alleged criminal conduct or alleged sexual harassment on the part of the Company, or on the part of the agents or employees of the Company, when you have been required or requested to attend such a proceeding pursuant to a court order, subpoena, or written request from an administrative agency or the legislature (f) limits or affects your right to challenge the validity of this Agreement under the ADEA or the OWBPA, (g) prevents you from communicating with, filing a charge or complaint with, providing documents or information voluntarily or in response to a subpoena or other information request to, or from participating in an investigation or proceeding conducted by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission, law enforcement, or any other any federal, state or local agency charged with the enforcement of any laws, or from responding to a subpoena or discovery request in court litigation or arbitration, or (h) limits you from exercising rights under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act or similar state law to 
 4 

engage in protected, concerted activity with other employees. However, by signing this Agreement you are hereby waiving any right to recover any money from the Company or the other Release Parties in any charge, complaint, or lawsuit or other proceeding brought by you or on your behalf by any third party or governmental agency, except for any right you may have to receive a payment or award from a government agency (and not the Company) for information provided to the government agency. Notwithstanding the confidentiality and non-disclosure obligations in this Agreement and otherwise, you understand that as provided by the Federal Defend Trade Secrets Act, you will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret made (1) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (2) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. 
 
 8. No Admission . Nothing contained herein shall be construed as an admission or evidence of wrongdoing, violation of any federal, state, or local law, or violation of any Company policy or procedure by either you or the Company or any of its divisions, affiliates or any of their respective officers, directors, or employees. 
 
 9. Consideration Period and Effective Date . You acknowledge that you are executing this Agreement voluntarily and without any duress or undue influence with the full intent of releasing all claims as provided herein. You further acknowledge and agree that you 
 a. are and have been given a full twenty-one (21) days (the Consideration Period within which to consider this Agreement before executing it, that no changes to this Agreement, whether material or immaterial, shall restart the Consideration Period, and that if you sign this Agreement in fewer than twenty one (21) days you freely and voluntarily waive the remainder of the Consideration Period 
 b. have carefully read and fully understand all of the provisions of this Agreement, including the releases contained in this Agreement 
 c. have been and are advised by the Company to consult with an attorney prior to deciding whether to accept this Agreement and have had the opportunity to do so 
 d. will, in exchange for signing this Agreement, receive consideration (i.e., something of value beyond that which you are already entitled to receive before signing this Agreement) 
 e. are fully aware of the legal and binding effect of this Agreement 
 5 

This Agreement, including the release(s) contained herein, shall become effective and enforceable on the day it is signed by you (the Effective Date ). 
 10. No Disparagement . To the fullest extent permitted by law and except as otherwise expressly provided to the contrary herein, you agree that you will never make any negative or disparaging statements (orally or in writing) about the Company or its parent company, subsidiaries, affiliates or any of their respective its stockholders, directors, officers, employees, products, services or business practices. 
 
 11. Other Agreements. At all times in the future, you will remain bound by your Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement PIIA with the Company, incorporated herein by reference. Except for your PIIA and or as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, this Agreement renders null and void all prior agreements between you and the Company and constitutes the entire agreement between you and the Company regarding the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement may be modified only by a written document signed by you and a duly authorized officer of the Company. You represent that you have not relied upon any representations or statements in entering into this Agreement which are not specifically set forth in this Agreement. 
 12. Company Property. You represent that you have or will return to the Company all property that belongs to the Company, including (without limitation) copies of documents that belong to the Company and files stored on your computer(s) that contain information belonging to the Company. You acknowledge that all documents compiled by you or made available to you during the term of your employment with the Company concerning its business or customers is the Company s property, whether or not confidential, and have been returned by you to the Company. 
 13. Construction and Severability . You acknowledge and agree that, in interpreting this Agreement, there will be no presumption against the Company because it is its drafter. If any term of this Agreement, with the exception of Paragraph 5, is held to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect and will in no way be affected, and the parties will use their best efforts to find an alternate way to achieve the same result. In the event that Paragraph 5 is held to be illegal, unenforceable or void, then this Agreement shall be deemed null and void, and you agree to re-pay to the Company the Transition Pay. 
 
 14. Choice of Law . This Agreement will be construed under the law of the state in which you last worked for the Company. 
 
 6 

15. Unemployment Insurance . The Company will not contest your eligibility for unemployment insurance benefits following the Separation Date. However, the Company reserves the right to truthfully and fully answer any inquiries from any government agency regarding your application for unemployment benefits. 
 
 16. References . The Company agrees that, in response to any request submitted to its Human Resources Department for references regarding your employment, the Company will release only your dates of employment and position(s) held. 
 
 17. Execution . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be considered an original, but all of which together will constitute one agreement. Execution of a facsimile copy will have the same force and effect as execution of an original, and a facsimile signature will be deemed an original and valid signature. 
 18. Cooperation . You agree to furnish information and assistance as may reasonably be requested by the Company in connection with any investigation, claims, charges or litigation in which it, or any of its parent, subsidiaries or affiliated entities is, or may become involved. Such information and assistance shall be furnished at mutually agreeable times and the Company shall reimburse you for reasonable out of pocket expenses associated with such cooperation. 
 
 19. Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall bind and shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of each party to this Agreement. With respect to you, this Agreement shall also bind and inure to the benefit of your heirs and assigns. 
 
 20. Captions . The parties to this Agreement understand and agree that any captions utilized in this Agreement are for convenience only, and do not operate to explain or limit the provisions of this Agreement. 
 
 Please indicate your agreement with the above terms by signing below. 
 Very truly yours, 
 Blend Labs, Inc. 
 By 
 Lisa Fowler 
 Head of People 
 This Agreement will not be effective or valid if you sign it before the Separation Date. 
 7 

I have read this Agreement, and I understand its legal and binding effect. I am acting voluntarily, deliberately, and of my own free will in executing this Agreement, and have all of the information needed to make an informed decision to sign this Agreement. I have been given notice of and an opportunity to retain and consult with an attorney or my own prior to executing this Agreement, and I have been given an opportunity to ask questions that I might have about this Agreement. I understand that I cannot pursue any of the claims and rights that I have waived in this Agreement at any time in the future, except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement. 
 
 ______________ 
 Signature of Crystal Sumner 
 Dated _____________ 
 8 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-21.1>
 8
 q42022-exhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF BLEND LABS, INC. 
 
 Subsidiary Jurisdiction Blend Brokerage, Inc. dba Blend Realty Delaware Blend Title Insurance Agency, Inc. Delaware Blend Insurance Agency, Inc. Delaware Blend Operations, Inc. Delaware Blend Insights, Inc. Delaware Blend Title of Utah, LLC Utah Blend Processing, Inc. Delaware Blend Managing General Insurance Agency, Inc. Delaware Title365 Holding Co. California Title365 Company LLC Pennsylvania Title365 Company California Title365 Signings, Inc. Wyoming Title365 of Louisiana LLC Louisiana Xome Labs Inc. Texas Title365 Company of Alabama LLC Alabama Blend Labs India Private Limited India 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 9
 q42022-exhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-257942) pertaining to the 2012 Stock Plan, 2021 Equity Incentive Plan and Nima Ghamsari Stand-Alone Stock Option Agreement of Blend Labs, Inc., 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-264040) pertaining to the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan of Blend Labs, Inc. 
 
 of our report dated March 16, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Blend Labs, Inc. incorporated by reference in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 San Francisco, California 
 March 16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 q42022-exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Nima Ghamsari, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Blend Labs, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 BLEND LABS, INC. Date March 16, 2023 By s Nima Ghamsari Name Nima Ghamsari Title Head of Blend (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 q42022-exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 
 Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Marc Greenberg, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Blend Labs, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 BLEND LABS, INC. Date March 16, 2023 By s Marc Greenberg Name Marc Greenberg Title Head of Finance (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 q42022-exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Nima Ghamsari, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Blend Labs, Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Blend Labs, Inc. 
 BLEND LABS, INC. Date March 16, 2023 By s Nima Ghamsari Name Nima Ghamsari Title Head of Blend (Principal Executive Officer) 
 I, Marc Greenberg, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Blend Labs, Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Blend Labs, Inc. 
 BLEND LABS, INC. Date March 16, 2023 By s Marc Greenberg Name Marc Greenberg Title Head of Finance (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 blnd-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 blnd-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 blnd-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 blnd-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 blnd-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

