<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1552493_0001558370-23-002393.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13043363</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>261548</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1366871</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5203800</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1855327</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3913250</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-002393.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228163434
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-002393
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CNH Industrial Capital LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001552493
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS BUSINESS CREDIT INSTITUTION [6159]
		IRS NUMBER:				391937630
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55510
		FILM NUMBER:		23686123

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5729 WASHINGTON AVENUE
		CITY:			RACINE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53406
		BUSINESS PHONE:		262.636.6011

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5729 WASHINGTON AVENUE
		CITY:			RACINE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53406

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CNH Capital LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120619

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-002393.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 tmb-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) (Zip code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Limited Liability Company Interests Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined by Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Emerging growth company Smaller reporting company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No As of February 28, 2023 , all of the limited liability company interests of the registrant were held by CNH Industrial America LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of CNH Industrial N.V. The registrant meets the conditions set forth in General Instruction I(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K and is therefore filing this Form with certain reduced disclosures as permitted by those instructions. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE PART I Item 1. Business 2 Item 1A. Risk Factors 6 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 15 Item 2. Properties 16 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 16 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 16 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 16 Item 6. [Reserved] 16 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 16 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 30 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 31 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 31 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 31 Item 9B Other Information 32 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 33 Item 11. Executive Compensation 33 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 33 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 33 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 33 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 34 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business Overview CNH Industrial Capital LLC (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, CNH Industrial Capital, the Company or we is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of CNH Industrial N.V. CNHI and together with its consolidated subsidiaries, CNH Industrial and is headquartered in Racine, Wisconsin. As a captive finance company, our primary business is to underwrite and manage financing products for end-use customers and dealers of CNH Industrial America LLC CNH Industrial America and CNH Industrial Canada Ltd. (collectively, CNH Industrial North America and provide other related financial products and services to support the sale of agricultural and construction equipment sold by CNH Industrial North America. We also provide financing products related to new and used equipment manufactured by entities other than CNH Industrial North America, as well as financing for the purchase of parts, service, rentals, implements and attachments from CNH Industrial North America dealers which may or may not be manufactured or provided by CNH Industrial North America. We are often able to offer financing to customers at advantageous interest rates or other terms (such as longer contract terms, longer warranty terms or parts and service incentives), due to our participation in subsidized financing programs sponsored by CNH Industrial North America, which reimburses us for some or all of the cost of such terms. The primary operating subsidiaries of CNH Industrial Capital LLC include CNH Industrial Capital America LLC CNH Industrial Capital America ), New Holland Credit Company, LLC New Holland Credit and CNH Industrial Capital Canada Ltd. CNH Industrial Capital Canada ). CNH Industrial Capital America is the primary financing and business entity of CNH Industrial Capital for the United States that enters into financing arrangements with end-use customers and dealers, and CNH Industrial Capital Canada performs the same functions in Canada, while New Holland Credit acts as the servicer for financing products originated by CNH Industrial Capital America. CNH Industrial is the company initially formed by a business combination transaction, completed September 29, 2013, between Fiat Industrial S.p.A. Fiat Industrial and CNH Global N.V. CNH Global ), the former indirect parents of CNH Industrial Capital. As a result of this transaction, CNH Industrial Capital LLC and its primary operating subsidiaries, including CNH Industrial Capital America, New Holland Credit and CNH Industrial Capital Canada, are indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of CNHI (with all of the equity interests in CNH Industrial Capital LLC owned by CNHI through intermediate companies, through which CNHI exercises indirect control over CNH Industrial Capital LLC). CNHI is incorporated in and under the laws of The Netherlands. CNHI has its corporate seat in Amsterdam, The Netherlands, and its principal office in London, England. On October 7, 2022, CNH Industrial Capital America and CNH Industrial Capital Canada closed on the purchase of Citibank, N.A. and Citi Cards Canada Inc. s portfolio of revolving charge account receivables underlying a private-label revolving charge account product offered through CNH Industrial North America dealers. CNH Industrial Capital offers retail note and lease financing to end-use customers for the purchase of new and used equipment and components sold through CNH Industrial North America s dealer network, as well as revolving charge account financing and other financial services. CNH Industrial Capital also provides wholesale financing to CNH Industrial North America dealers and distributors, all of which are independently owned and operated. As a holding company, CNH Industrial Capital LLC generally does not conduct operations of its own but relies on its subsidiaries for the generation and distribution of profits. CNH Industrial Capital s revenue is primarily generated through the income of its portfolio and the income generated through marketing programs with CNH Industrial North America. The size of the portfolio is in part related to the level of equipment sales by CNH Industrial North America. The portfolio profitability is linked to the difference between lending and borrowing rates, the credit quality of the borrowers and the value of collateral. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we derived 34 and 38 , respectively, of our revenue from CNH Industrial North America and other CNH Industrial subsidiaries. Our retail customers obtain our financing products for commercial purposes and, in many cases, have had a previous borrowing relationship with CNH Industrial Capital. Retail notes and finance leases are secured by the purchased equipment, which generally has a longer useful life than the term of the receivable. Wholesale financings are likewise secured by the equipment purchased by the dealer. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 CNH Industrial Capital funds its operations and lending activity through a combination of term receivables securitizations, secured and unsecured facilities, commercial paper, unsecured bonds, affiliate borrowings and retained earnings. CNH Industrial Capital s current funding strategy is to maintain sufficient liquidity and flexible access to a wide variety of financial instruments and funding options. As part of its overall funding strategy, CNH Industrial Capital participates in the asset-backed securitization ABS markets. CNH Industrial Capital periodically transfers retail notes and wholesale receivables originated from end-use customers and dealers to special purpose entities, in exchange for cash proceeds from asset-backed securities issued by these special purpose entities. Investors in these asset-backed securities in turn receive payments on their securities based on the cash flows from the transferred receivables. CNH Industrial Capital continues to service the transferred receivables and maintains a cash reserve account, which provides security to investors in the event that cash collections from the receivables are not sufficient to permit principal and interest payments to the holders of the securities. These special purpose entities and the investors in the asset-backed securities have no recourse, beyond the applicable cash reserve account, for failure of any end-use customers or dealers to make payments on the transferred receivables when due. In addition to portfolio quality and funding costs, CNH Industrial Capital s long-term profitability is also dependent on service levels and operational effectiveness. CNH Industrial Capital performs billing and collection services, customer support, repossession and remarketing functions, reporting and data management operations and marketing activities. As of December 31, 2022, CNH Industrial Capital had total assets of 13.2 billion and total stockholder s equity of 1.3 billion. For the year ended December 31, 2022, CNH Industrial Capital had total revenues of 791.8 million and net income of 219.1 million. As of December 31, 2022, CNH Industrial Capital had outstanding debt (excluding debt owed to affiliates) of 10.5 billion, approximately 65 of which represented secured debt as of such date. Relationship with CNH Industrial CNH Industrial organizes its operations into three operating segments: Agriculture, Construction and Financial Services. Collectively, these three segments design, produce, market, sell and finance agricultural and construction equipment. CNH Industrial has industrial and financial services companies located in 32 countries and a commercial presence in approximately 170 countries around the world. CNH Industrial s Agricultural segment designs, manufactures and distributes a full line of farm machinery and implements, including two-wheel and four-wheel drive tractors, crawler tractors, combines, grape and sugar cane harvesters, hay and forage equipment, planting and seeding equipment, soil preparation and cultivation implements, and material handling equipment. Agricultural equipment is sold in North America under the New Holland Agriculture and Case IH brands. Regionally-focused brands include: STEYR for tractors; Flexi-Coil specializing in tillage and seeding systems; Miller manufacturing application equipment; and Kongskilde providing tillage, seeding and hay forage implements. Further, starting in December 2021, Raven was included in the Agriculture segment bringing a leader in digital agriculture, precision technology and the development of autonomous systems to CNH Industrial. CNH Industrial s Construction segment designs, manufactures and distributes a full line of construction equipment including excavators, crawler dozers, graders, wheel loaders, backhoe loaders, skid steer loaders and compact track loaders. Construction equipment is sold in North America under the CASE Construction Equipment and New Holland Construction brands. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, CNH Industrial had total assets of 39.4 billion and 49.4 billion, respectively, and total equity of 6.9 billion and 6.8 billion, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, CNH Industrial had total revenues of 23.6 billion and 19.5 billion, respectively, and net income attributable to CNH Industrial N.V. of 2.0 billion and 1.7 billion, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, CNH Industrial s net sales of agricultural equipment and net sales of construction equipment generated in North America (United States, Canada and Mexico) were 6.8 billion and 1.7 billion, respectively, representing increases of 32 and 19 from the same period in 2021, respectively. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 CNH Industrial Capital is a key financing source for CNH Industrial North America s end-use customers and dealers. The Company offers financing to customers with advantageous terms that are subsidized by CNH Industrial North America, including low-rate, interest-free or interest-only periods and other sales incentive programs. Although our primary focus is to finance CNH Industrial North America equipment, we also provide financing products related to new and used agricultural and construction equipment manufactured by entities other than CNH Industrial North America, as well as financing for the purchase of parts, service, rentals, implements and attachments from CNH Industrial North America dealers which may or may not be manufactured or provided by CNH Industrial North America. We are still, however, dependent on CNH Industrial North America for substantially all of our business, with revenues related to financing provided to CNH Industrial North America dealers and retail customers purchasing and/or leasing from CNH Industrial North America and its dealers accounting for over 90 of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, and with loan portfolios attributable to such financing accounting for over 90 of our total managed receivables as of December 31, 2022. The size of our lending portfolio is related in part to the level of equipment sales by CNH Industrial North America, which is driven by the strength of the agricultural and construction markets. The credit quality of our portfolio reflects the underwriting standards of CNH Industrial Capital, which are developed internally and independent of the sales volume goals of CNH Industrial North America. We borrow from our affiliates as one of the funding sources for our operations and lending activity. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had outstanding affiliate borrowings of 341.5 million and 2.1 million, respectively, representing 3.2 and 0.02 of our total indebtedness, respectively. CNH Industrial North America also provides us with other types of operational and administrative support, such as payroll and other human resource services. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred fees charged by our affiliates of 50.9 million and 47.4 million, respectively, representing 20 and 16 , respectively, of our total administrative and operating expenses. Effective as of September 29, 2013, in connection with the business combination transaction of CNH Global with and into CNHI, CNHI assumed all of CNH Global s obligations under a support agreement, pursuant to which CNHI has agreed to, among other things, (a) make cash capital contributions to us, to the extent necessary to cause our ratio of net earnings available for fixed charges to fixed charges to be not less than 1.05 for each fiscal quarter (with such ratio determined, on a consolidated basis and in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ), for such fiscal quarter and the immediately preceding three fiscal quarters taken as a whole), (b) generally maintain an ownership of at least 51 of the voting equity interests in us and (c) cause us to have, as of the end of any fiscal quarter, a consolidated tangible net worth of at least 50 million. The support agreement is not intended to be and is not a guarantee by CNHI of our indebtedness or other obligations. The obligations of CNHI to us pursuant to this support agreement are to us only and do not run to, and are not enforceable directly by, any creditor of ours, including holders of our notes or the trustee under the indenture governing our notes. The support agreement may be modified, amended or terminated, at CNHI s election, upon thirty days prior written notice to us and the rating agencies, if (a) the modification, amendment or termination would not result in a downgrade of our rated indebtedness; (b) the modification, amendment or notice of termination provides that the support agreement will continue in effect with respect to our rated indebtedness then outstanding; or (c) we have no long-term rated indebtedness outstanding. Products and Services CNH Industrial Capital s financing products and services fall into the following main categories: Retail 72.5 of managed portfolio as of December 31, 2022 ): Retail financing products primarily include retail notes, finance leases and operating leases to end-use customers and revolving charge account financing for customers to purchase parts, service, rentals, implements and attachments from CNH Industrial North America dealers. The terms of retail notes, finance leases and operating leases generally range from two to six years, and interest rates vary depending on prevailing market interest rates and certain incentive programs offered by CNH Industrial North America. Revolving charge accounts are generally accompanied by higher interest rates than our other retail financing products, require minimum monthly payments and do not have pre-determined maturity dates. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 CNH Industrial Capital utilizes a proprietary credit scoring model as part of the credit approval and review process. CNH Industrial Capital also provides servicing and collection operations generally performed through its subsidiary, New Holland Credit, for the retail financing products. Wholesale 27.5 of managed portfolio as of December 31, 2022 ): Wholesale financing consists primarily of dealer floorplan financing, which gives dealers the ability to maintain a representative inventory of products. In addition, CNH Industrial Capital provides financing to dealers for used equipment taken in trade, equipment utilized in dealer owned rental yards, parts inventory, working capital and other financing needs. Currently, credit is extended to approximately 800 CNH Industrial North America dealers (with each being a separate legal entity) with approximately 1,800 locations in North America. The dealer financing agreements provide CNH Industrial Capital with a first priority security interest in the equipment and parts financed and possibly other collateral. A majority of dealers also provide a personal or corporate guarantee (from an affiliate of the dealer). The amount of credit extended is primarily based upon the dealer s expected annual sales, effective net worth, utilization of existing credit lines and inventory turnover. CNH Industrial Capital evaluates and assesses dealers on an ongoing basis as to their credit worthiness and conducts audits of dealer equipment inventories on a regular basis. The amounts of credit made available to dealers are reviewed on a regular basis, which is usually annually, and such amounts are adjusted when deemed appropriate by CNH Industrial Capital. CNH Industrial Capital finances other products, including insurance and equipment protection products underwritten through a third-party insurer. Competition CNH Industrial Capital s financing products and services are intended to be competitive with those available from third parties. CNH Industrial North America sponsors certain marketing programs that allow us to offer financing to customers at competitive or advantageous interest rates or other terms (such as longer contract terms, longer warranty terms or parts and service incentives). Under these programs, including our low-rate financing programs or interest waiver programs, we are compensated by CNH Industrial North America for some or all of the cost of such terms. This support from CNH Industrial North America provides a material competitive advantage in offering financing to customers of CNH Industrial North America s products. We compete primarily with banks, equipment finance and leasing companies, and other financial institutions. Typically, this competition is based upon financial products and services offered, customer service, financial terms and interest rates charged. In addition, some of our competitors may be eligible to participate in government programs providing access to capital at more favorable rates, which may create a competitive disadvantage for CNH Industrial Capital. CNH Industrial Capital believes that its strong, long-term relationship with the dealers and end-use customers and the ease-of-use of our products provides a competitive edge over other third-party financing options. In addition, the marketing programs offered by CNH Industrial North America have a positive influence on the proportion of CNH Industrial North America s equipment sales financed by CNH Industrial Capital. Employees The ability to attract, retain, and further develop qualified employees is crucial to the success of CNH Industrial Capital s business and its ability to create value over the long-term. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 380 employees, none of which were represented by unions. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors CNH Industrial Capital is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of CNHI. The results of operations of the Company are primarily affected by its relationships with CNH Industrial North America. The following risks should be considered in conjunction with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, including the risks and uncertainties described in the Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements beginning on page 16. The following is a cautionary discussion of risks, uncertainties and assumptions that we believe are material to our business. These risks may affect our operating results and, individually or in the aggregate, could cause our actual results to differ materially from past and projected future results. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. You should, however, consult any subsequent disclosures we make from time to time in materials filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Risks Related to Our Indebtedness and Liquidity Credit rating changes could affect our access to funding and our cost of funds, which could in turn adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to access the capital markets or other forms of financing and our funding costs are highly dependent on, among other things, our credit ratings and those of CNHI and our ABS transactions. Rating agencies may review and revise their ratings from time to time, and any downgrade or other negative action with respect to our credit ratings by one or more rating agencies may increase our funding costs, potentially limit our access to sources of financing and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. A lack of funding could result in our inability to meet customer demand for equipment financing, while increased funding costs could lead to deteriorating margins, decreased profits and could result in our inability to meet customer demand at attractive interest rates, which in turn may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We have significant outstanding indebtedness, which may limit our ability to obtain additional funding and may limit our financial and operating flexibility. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate of 10.8 billion of consolidated indebtedness and our equity was 1.3 billion. The extent of our indebtedness could have important consequences on our operations and financial results, including: we may not be able to secure additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements or general corporate purposes; we may need to use a portion of our projected future cash flow from operations to pay principal and interest on our indebtedness, which may reduce the amount of funds available to us for other purposes; we may be more financially leveraged than some of our competitors, which could put us at a competitive disadvantage; we may not be able to invest in the development or introduction of new products or new business opportunities; our future cash may be exposed to the risk of rate volatility; we may not be able to adjust rapidly to changing market conditions, which may make us more vulnerable to a downturn in general economic conditions; and we may not be able to access the capital markets on favorable terms, which may adversely affect our ability to provide competitive retail and wholesale financing programs. 

 6 

Table of Contents 
 Further, due to the cessation of the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), the Company has entered into financial transactions such as credit agreements and certain derivative transactions that use the relevant new benchmark rates. These new benchmark rates are calculated differently from LIBOR and have inherent differences, which could give rise to uncertainties, including the limited historical data and volatility in the benchmark rates. The full effects of the transition to these new benchmark rates remain uncertain. Restrictive covenants in our debt agreements could limit our financial and operating flexibility. The agreements governing our outstanding debt securities and other credit agreements to which we are a party from time to time contain, or may contain, covenants that restrict our ability and/or that of our subsidiaries to, among other things: incur additional indebtedness; make certain investments; enter into certain types of transactions with affiliates; sell or acquire certain assets or merge with or into other companies; use assets as security in other transactions; and/or enter into sale and leaseback transactions. 
 These restrictive covenants could limit our financial and operating flexibility. For example: limits on incurring additional debt and using assets as security in other transactions could materially limit our future business prospects by restricting us from financing as many customers as we otherwise would, particularly if our traditional funding sources (including principally the ABS markets) were not available; limits on investments could result in a return on assets lower than that of our competitors; and limits on the sale of assets or merger with or into other companies could deny us a future business opportunity despite the benefits that could be realized from such a transaction. 
 In addition, we are required to maintain a certain coverage level for leverage; our leverage ratio, defined as the ratio of total net debt to equity, is required not to exceed 9.00:1. Although we do not believe any of these covenants materially restrict our operations currently, a breach of one or more of the covenants could result in adverse consequences that could negatively impact our businesses, results of operations and financial condition. These consequences may include the acceleration of amounts outstanding under certain of our credit facilities, triggering an obligation to redeem certain debt securities, termination of existing unused commitments by our lenders, refusal by our lenders to extend further credit under one or more of the facilities or to enter into new facilities or the lowering or modification of CNHI s or our credit ratings. We cannot assure you that we will continue to comply with each restrictive covenant at all times, particularly if we were to encounter challenging and volatile market conditions. For further information, see Note 8: Credit Facilities and Debt to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to Our Business, Strategy and Operations Reduced demand for agricultural and construction equipment would reduce the opportunities for us to finance equipment. Our business is largely dependent upon the demand for CNH Industrial North America s products and its customers willingness to enter into financing or leasing arrangements with respect thereto. A significant and prolonged decrease in demand for CNH Industrial North America s products could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our primary business is to provide financing for CNH Industrial North America s products to CNH Industrial North America s customers and dealers. The demand for CNH Industrial North America s products and our financing products and services is influenced by factors such as: the general economic conditions and outlook, such as market volatility and rising interest rates; the price of agricultural commodities and the ability to competitively export agricultural commodities; the cost of farm inputs, including the value of land, fertilizers, fuel, labor and other inputs; the profitability of agricultural enterprises, farmers income and their capitalization; the demand for food products; the availability of stocks and yields from previous harvests; agricultural policies, including aid and subsidies to agricultural enterprises provided by governments and/or supranational organizations, policies impacting commodity prices or limiting the export or import of commodities, and alternative fuel mandates; change in trade agreements or trade terms, negotiation of new trade agreements and the imposition of new tariffs against certain countries or covering certain products or raw materials; change in or uncertainty surrounding global trade policies; droughts, floods and other unfavorable climatic conditions, especially during the spring, a particularly important period for generating CNH Industrial North America s sales orders; public infrastructure spending; new residential and non-residential construction; capital spending in oil and gas and, to a lesser extent, in mining; changes in global market conditions, including interest rates. 
 In the equipment industry, changes in demand can occur suddenly, resulting in imbalances in inventories, product capacity, and prices for new and used equipment. If fewer pieces of equipment are sold, CNH Industrial Capital will be presented with fewer opportunities to finance equipment. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 We are subject to interest rate risks and changes in interest rates can reduce demand for CNH Industrial North America equipment, adversely affect our interest margins, and limit access to capital markets while increasing borrowing costs . Rising interest rates could have a dampening effect on overall economic activity as well as on the financial health of our customers, either of which could negatively affect customer demand for CNH Industrial North America s products and our services as well as customers ability to service any financing provided by us. In addition, credit market dislocations could have an impact on funding costs, which in turn may make it more difficult for us to offer customers competitive financing. While we aim to limit the exposure of our net financial assets to changes in prevailing interest rates, interest rate volatility could have an adverse effect on our net interest rate margin, i.e., the difference between the yield we earn on assets and the interest rates we pay. Actions by credit rating agencies, such as downgrades or negative changes to ratings outlooks, can affect the availability and cost of funding for the Company and can increase the Company s cost of capital and hurt its competitive position. Change in support from CNH Industrial North America could limit our ability to offer competitively priced financing, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. CNH Industrial North America sponsors certain marketing programs that allow us to offer financing to customers at advantageous interest rates or other terms (such as longer contract terms, longer warranty terms or parts and service incentives). This support from CNH Industrial North America provides a material competitive advantage in offering financing to customers of CNH Industrial North America s products. Any elimination or reduction of these marketing programs, which affects our ability to offer competitively priced financing to customers, could in turn reduce the percentage of CNH Industrial North America s products financed by us and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized revenues from CNH Industrial North America for marketing programs of 266.5 million, 296.5 million and 323.8 million, respectively, representing 34 of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 38 of our total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. CNH Industrial North America also provides us with other types of operational and administrative support, such as payroll and other human resource services. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we incurred fees charged by our affiliates of 50.9 million, 47.4 million and 45.9 million, respectively, representing 20 , 16 and 12 , respectively, of our total administrative and operating expenses. An increase in customer credit risk may result in higher delinquencies and defaults, and deterioration in collateral valuation may reduce our collateral recoveries, which could increase losses on our receivables and operating leases and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Fundamental to any organization that extends credit is the credit risk associated with its customers/borrowers. The creditworthiness of each customer, rates of delinquency and default, repossessions and net losses on customer receivables are impacted by many factors, including: relevant industry and general economic conditions (in particular, those conditions most directly affecting the agricultural and construction industries); the availability of capital; the terms and conditions applicable to extensions of credit; interest rates; the experience and skills of the customer s management team; commodity prices; political events, including government mandated moratoria on payments; the weather; and the value of the collateral securing the extension of credit. 

 9 

Table of Contents 
 Deterioration in the quality of our financial assets, an increase in delinquencies or defaults, or a reduction in collateral recovery rates could have an adverse impact on our financial performance. These risks become more acute in an economic slowdown or recession due to decreased demand for (or availability of) credit, declining asset values, changes in government subsidies, reductions in collateral to receivable balance ratios, and an increase in delinquencies, defaults, insolvencies, foreclosures and losses. In such circumstances, our receivable servicing and litigation costs may also increase. In addition, governments may pass laws, or implement regulations, that modify rights and obligations under existing agreements, or which prohibit or limit the exercise of contractual rights. When a borrower defaults on a receivable and we repossess collateral securing the repayment of the receivable, our ability to recover or mitigate losses by selling the collateral is subject to the current market value of such collateral. Those values are affected by levels of new and used inventory of agricultural and construction equipment on the market. They are also dependent upon the strength or weakness of market demand for new and used agricultural and construction equipment, which is affected by the strength of the general economy. In addition, repossessed collateral may be in poor condition, which would reduce its value. Finally, relative pricing of used equipment, compared with new equipment, can affect levels of market demand and the resale of repossessed equipment. All of the foregoing could increase losses on receivables and operating leases, adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations. Changes in interest rates, exchange rates and market liquidity could have a material adverse effect on our earnings and cash flows. Because a significant number of our receivables are generated at fixed interest rates, our financial performance may be impacted by fluctuations in interest rates. Although we seek to match fund the majority of our assets, with approximately 67 of our receivables and approximately 80 of our funding at a fixed rate, respectively, as of December 31, 2022, changes in market interest rates may influence our financing costs, returns on financial investments and the valuation of derivative contracts and could reduce our earnings and/or cash flow. We are subject to currency exchange risk to the extent that our costs are denominated in currencies other than those in which we earn revenues. In addition, the reporting currency for the consolidated financial statements is the U.S. dollar. Certain of our assets, liabilities, expenses and revenues are denominated in other currencies. Those assets, liabilities, expenses and revenues are translated into the U.S. dollar at the applicable exchange rates to prepare our consolidated financial statements. Therefore, increases or decreases in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and those other currencies affect the value of those items reflected in the consolidated financial statements, even if their value remains unchanged in the original currency. Changes in currency exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies have had, and will continue to have, an impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We also rely on the capital markets and a variety of funding programs to provide liquidity for our operations, including committed asset-backed and unsecured facilities and the issuance of secured and unsecured debt. Significant changes in market liquidity conditions could affect our access to funding and the associated funding costs and reduce our earnings and cash flow. Although we seek to manage interest rate, exchange rate and market liquidity risks with a variety of techniques, including a match funding program, the selective use of derivatives and a diversified funding program, there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so successfully, and our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, by utilizing these techniques, we potentially forego the benefits that may result from favorable fluctuations in interest rates and exchange rates. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in government monetary or fiscal policies may negatively impact our results. Governments have implemented measures designed to slow inflationary pressure (e.g., higher interest rates, reduced financial asset purchases). Rising interest rates could have a dampening effect on the overall economic activity and/or the financial condition of our customers, either or both of which could negatively affect demand for our products and our customers ability to repay obligations to us. Central banks and other policy arms of many countries may take actions to vary the amount of liquidity and credit available in an economy. The impact from a change in liquidity and credit policies could negatively affect the customers and markets we serve, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Government initiatives that are intended to stimulate or reduce demand for products sold by CNH Industrial North America, such as changes in tax treatment or purchase incentives for new equipment, can significantly influence the timing and level of our revenues. The terms, size and duration of such government actions are unpredictable and outside of our control. Any adverse change in government policy relating to those initiatives could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we are unable to obtain funding, in particular through the ABS market and committed asset-backed facilities, at competitive rates, our ability to conduct our financing business may be severely impaired and our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be materially and adversely affected. We have traditionally relied upon the ABS market and committed asset-backed facilities as a primary source of funding and liquidity. Access to funding at competitive rates is essential to our business. An inability to access the ABS market or a significant reduction in liquidity in the secondary market for ABS transactions could adversely affect our ability to sell receivables on a favorable or timely basis. Such conditions could have an adverse impact on our access to funding, financial condition and results of operations. If we breach our representations and warranties in connection with our ABS transactions, we may be required to repurchase non-conforming receivables from the securitization vehicles, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In connection with our ABS transactions, we make customary representations and warranties regarding the assets being securitized, as disclosed in the relevant offering documents. While no recourse provisions exist that allow holders of asset-backed securities issued by our ABS trusts to require us to repurchase those securities, a breach of these representations and warranties could give rise to an obligation to repurchase non-conforming receivables from the trusts. Any obligation to make future repurchases could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Certain of our operations are subject to supervision and regulation by governmental authorities and changes in applicable laws or regulations may adversely impact our ability to engage in related business activities or increase the cost of our operations, thus adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations are subject to extensive, complex and frequently changing rules, regulations and legal interpretations from various governmental authorities, which among other things: regulate credit granting activities, including establishing licensing requirements; establish maximum interest rates, finance and other charges; regulate customers insurance coverage; require disclosures to customers; govern secured and unsecured transactions; set collection, foreclosure, repossession and claims handling procedures and other trade practices; prohibit discrimination in the extension of credit and administration of loans; and regulate the use, handling and reporting of information related to applicants and borrowers. 

 11 

Table of Contents 
 As applicable laws are amended or construed differently, new laws are adopted to expand the scope of regulation imposed upon us, or existing laws prohibit interest rates we charge from rising to a level commensurate with risk and market conditions, such events could adversely affect our business and our financial condition and results of operations. New regulations or changes in financial services regulations could adversely impact us. Our operations are highly regulated by governmental authorities which can impose significant additional costs and/or restrictions on our business. For example, the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 Dodd-Frank Act ), including its regulations, as well as other efforts at regulatory reform in financial services, may substantially affect our origination, servicing and securitization programs as well as limit the ability of our customers to enter into hedging transactions or finance purchases of CNH Industrial North America equipment. The Dodd-Frank Act also strengthened the regulatory oversight of these securities and related capital market activities by the SEC and increased the regulation of the ABS markets through, among other things, a mandated risk retention requirement for securitizers and a direction to regulate credit rating agencies. Future regulations may affect our ability to engage in these capital market activities or increase the effective cost of such transactions, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our business may be affected by climate change, unfavorable weather conditions or other calamities. Poor, severe or unusual weather conditions caused by climate change or other factors, particularly during the planting and early growing season, can significantly affect the purchasing decisions of CNH Industrial North America s agricultural equipment customers. The timing and quantity of rainfall are two of the most important factors in agricultural production. Insufficient levels of rain prevent farmers from planting crops or may cause growing crops to die, resulting in lower yields. Excessive rain or flooding can also prevent planting or harvesting from occurring at optimal times and may cause crop loss through increased disease or mold growth. Temperature affects the rate of growth, crop maturity, crop quality and yield. Temperatures outside normal ranges can cause crop failure or decreased yields and may also affect disease incidence. Natural disasters such as floods, hurricanes, storms, droughts, diseases and pests can have a negative impact on agricultural production. The resulting negative impact on farm income can strongly affect demand for CNH Industrial North America s agricultural equipment in any given period. In addition, natural disasters, pandemic illness, acts of terrorism or violence, acts of war, equipment failures, power outages, disruptions to our information technology systems and networks or other unexpected events could result in physical damage to and complete or partial closure of one or more of CNH Industrial s manufacturing facilities or distribution centers, temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of parts or component products, and disruption and delay in the transport of CNH Industrial North America s products to dealers and customers. If such events occur, our financial results might be negatively impacted. Our existing insurance and risk management arrangements may not protect against all costs that may arise from such events. Furthermore, the potentially long-term physical impacts of climate change on CNH Industrial North America s facilities, suppliers and customers, and therefore on its operations, are highly uncertain and will be driven by the circumstances developing in various geographical regions. These may include long-term changes in temperature and water availability. These potential physical effects may adversely impact the demand for CNH Industrial North America s products and the cost, production, sales and financial performance of its operations and as a result could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Regulators in the U.S. have also focused efforts on increased disclosure related to climate change and mitigation efforts. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Global economic conditions impact our business. Our results of operations and financial position are and will continue to be influenced by macroeconomic factors, including changes in the level of consumer and business confidence, changes in interest rates, the availability of credit, inflation and deflation, energy prices, and the cost of commodities or other raw materials. Such macroeconomic factors vary from time to time and their effect on our results of operations and financial position cannot be specifically and singularly assessed and/or isolated. The COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical instability, including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and other global events have significantly increased economic and demand uncertainty. Some of the results of these events include supply chain challenges, inflation, high interest rates, foreign currency exchange volatility, and volatility in global capital markets. These adverse economic events have and may continue to adversely affect our operations. Changes in demand for food and alternative energy sources could impact our revenues. Changing worldwide demand for farm outputs to meet the world s growing food and alternative energy demands, driven by a growing world population and government policies, including those related to climate change, are likely to result in fluctuating agricultural commodity prices, which affect sales of agricultural equipment. While higher commodity prices will benefit our crop producing agricultural equipment customers, higher commodity prices also result in greater feed costs for livestock and poultry producers, which in turn may result in lower levels of equipment purchased by these customers. Lower commodity prices directly affect farm income, which could negatively affect sales of agricultural equipment. Moreover, changing alternative energy demands may cause farmers to change the types or quantities of the crops they grow, with corresponding changes in equipment demands. Finally, changes in governmental policies regulating bio-fuel utilization could affect demand for CNH Industrial North America equipment and result in higher research and development costs related to equipment fuel standards. Competitive activity or failure by us to respond to actions by our competitors could adversely affect our results of operations, in particular due to a cost of funds disparity between us and some of our competitors. We operate in a highly competitive environment, with financing for owners or operators of CNH Industrial North America equipment available through a variety of sources, such as banks, finance companies and other financial institutions, including government sponsored entities. Some of our competitors enjoy certain regulatory, government support or credit rating advantages over CNH Industrial Capital today, which often enable them to access capital on favorable terms, among other things. Such cost of funds disparities between us and our competitors, or any additional regulatory, government support or credit rating changes that enhance the competitive position of our competitors, could result in our inability to effectively compete. The success of our business also depends on our ability to identify emerging industry changes and develop and market new products and services that meet the evolving needs of existing and potential customers. Increasing competition may adversely affect our business if we are unable to match the products and services of our competitors. If we are unable to effectively compete, our business, financial condition and results of operations will suffer. Our ability to execute our strategy is dependent upon our ability to attract, develop and retain qualified personnel. Our ability to compete successfully, to manage our business effectively, to expand our business and to execute our strategic direction depends, in part, on our ability to attract, motivate and retain qualified personnel in key functions and markets. In particular, we are dependent on our ability to attract, motivate and retain qualified personnel with the requisite education, skills, background, talents and industry experience. Failure to attract and retain qualified personnel, whether as a result of an insufficient number of qualified applicants, difficulty in recruiting new personnel, or the inability to integrate and retain qualified personnel, could impair our ability to execute our business strategy and meet our business objectives. These may be affected by the loss of employees, particularly when departures involve larger numbers of employees. Higher rates of employee separations may adversely affect us through decreased employee morale, the loss of knowledge of departing employees, and the devotion of resources to recruiting and onboarding new employees. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 A decrease in the value of the equipment that we lease or higher than expected return volumes of our leased equipment could adversely affect our results. We estimate the expected residual values of leased equipment at the inception of the lease, which is the estimated future value of leased equipment at the time of the expiration of the lease term. The residual values are reviewed quarterly. Changes in residual value assumptions would affect the amount of depreciation expense and the net amount of equipment on operating leases. If estimated future values significantly decline due to economic factors, obsolescence, the overall industry volume of lease returns, or other adverse circumstances, we may not realize such residual values, which could reduce our earnings. Actual proceeds realized by us upon the sale of returned leased equipment at lease termination may be lower than the amount projected. Among the factors that can affect the value of returned lease equipment are the volume of equipment returned (primarily affected by contractual lease-end values relative to prevailing market values and marketing programs for new equipment), any significant trends in the used equipment market and any new product trends. Each of these factors, alone or in combination, has the potential to adversely affect our profitability if actual results were to differ significantly from our estimates. As of December 31, 2022, our total operating lease residual values were 1.1 billion. Our results of operations may be adversely impacted by various types of claims, lawsuits, and other contingent obligations. We are involved in various lawsuits and other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. The industries in which we and CNH Industrial North America operate are also periodically reviewed or investigated by regulators, which could lead to enforcement actions, fines and penalties or the assertion of private litigation claims. The ultimate outcome of these legal matters pending against us is uncertain, and although such legal matters are not expected individually to have a material adverse effect on our financial position or profitability, such legal matters could, in the aggregate, in the event of unfavorable resolutions thereof, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, we could in the future become subject to judgments or enter into settlements of lawsuits and claims that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in any particular period. In addition, while we maintain insurance coverage with respect to certain risks, we may not be able to obtain such insurance on acceptable terms in the future, if at all, and any such insurance may not provide adequate coverage against claims under such policies. Our affiliates may cease to provide us with financing support. During previous capital markets crises, which had a material adverse effect on the ABS markets, we relied more heavily upon financing provided by CNH Industrial and its predecessors. In the event of a severe downturn in the ABS markets, we would need to look to alternative funding sources, including CNH Industrial, though CNH Industrial would have no obligation to provide such financing (other than the obligations assumed by CNHI under the support agreement, dated November 4, 2011). To the extent CNH Industrial does not provide such financing to us when needed, we could suffer from a lack of funding and/or incur increased funding costs if funding is obtained through less favorable sources. Our participation in cash management pools exposes us to CNH Industrial credit risk, which, in the event of a bankruptcy or insolvency of certain CNH Industrial entities, could render us unable to recover our deposits and in turn materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We participate in a group-wide cash management system with other companies within CNH Industrial, including CNH Industrial America and CNH Industrial Canada Ltd. Our positive cash deposits with CNH Industrial, if any, are either invested by CNH Industrial treasury subsidiaries in highly rated, highly liquid money market instruments or bank deposits, or may be applied by CNH Industrial treasury subsidiaries to meet the financial needs of other CNH Industrial entities and vice versa. While we believe participation in such CNH Industrial treasury subsidiaries cash management pools provides us with financial benefits, it exposes us to CNH Industrial credit risk. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 In the event of a bankruptcy or insolvency of CNHI (or any other CNH Industrial entity, including CNH Industrial America and CNH Industrial Canada Ltd., in the jurisdictions with set off agreements) or in the event of a bankruptcy or insolvency of the CNH Industrial entity in whose name the deposit is pooled, we may be unable to secure the return of such funds to the extent they belong to us, and we may be viewed as a creditor of such CNH Industrial entity with respect to such deposits. It is possible that our claims as a creditor could be subordinated to the rights of third-party creditors in certain situations. If we are not able to recover our deposits, our financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely impacted. A cybersecurity breach could interfere with our operations, compromise confidential information, negatively impact our corporate reputation and expose us to liability. We rely upon information technology systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, in connection with a variety of our business activities. These systems include invoicing and collection of payments from CNH Industrial North America s dealers and from our customers. We use information technology systems to record, process and summarize financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with regulatory financial reporting, legal and tax requirements. Additionally, we collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, proprietary business information and the proprietary information of our customers and CNH Industrial North America s dealers, as well as personally identifiable information of those dealers, customers and our employees, in data centers and on information technology networks. Operating these information technology systems and networks, and processing and maintaining this data, in a secure manner, are critical to our business operations and strategy. Increased information technology security threats (e.g. worms, viruses, malware, phishing attacks, ransomware, and other malicious threats) and more sophisticated computer crime pose a significant risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. Cybersecurity attacks could also include attacks targeting customer data. While we actively manage information technology security risks within our control through security measures, business continuity plans and employee training around phishing and other cyber risks, our information technology networks and infrastructure have been and may be vulnerable to intrusion, attacks or disruptions or shutdowns due to attacks by cyber criminals, employee, supplier or dealer error or malfeasance. A failure or breach in security, whether of our systems and networks or those of third parties on which we rely, could expose us and our customers and dealers to risks of misuse of information or systems, the compromising of confidential information, loss of financial resources, manipulation and destruction of data and operations disruptions, which in turn could adversely affect our reputation, competitive position, businesses and results of operations. Security breaches could also result in litigation, regulatory action, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data, as well as remediation costs and higher operational and other costs of implementing further data protection measures. In addition, as security threats continue to evolve, we may need to invest additional resources to protect the security of our systems and data. The amount or scope of insurance coverage we maintain may be inadequate to cover claims or liabilities relating to a cybersecurity attack. Changes in privacy laws could disrupt our business. The regulatory framework for privacy and data security issues is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. We collect personal information and other data as part of our business operations. This data is subject to a variety of U.S. and foreign laws and regulations. New privacy laws will continue to come into effect around the world. We may be required to incur significant costs to comply with this and other privacy and data security laws, rules and regulations. Any inability to adequately address privacy and security concerns or comply with applicable privacy and data security laws, rules and regulations could have an adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition and/or results of operations. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Properties Our principal executive offices are located at 5729 Washington Avenue, Racine, WI 53406. We maintain the following offices: 

Primary Location Function Tenant Ownership Status Burlington, ON Office CNH Industrial Capital Canada Leased New Holland, PA Office New Holland Credit Company Leased from New Holland North America, Inc. Racine, WI Office CNH Industrial Capital Leased from CNH Industrial America Item 3. Legal Proceedings CNH Industrial Capital is party to various litigation matters and claims arising from its operations. Management believes that the outcome of these proceedings, individually and in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on CNH Industrial Capital s financial condition or results of operations. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities All of CNH Industrial Capital LLC s limited liability company interests are owned by CNH Industrial America, which is indirectly wholly-owned by CNHI. There is currently no established trading market for CNH Industrial Capital LLC s limited liability company interests. CNH Industrial Capital LLC paid cash dividends of 135 million, 250 million and 130 million to CNH Industrial America in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Item 6. [Reserved] Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is intended to promote understanding of the Company s financial condition and results of operations. The MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, the consolidated financial statements and the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Overview Organization We offer a range of financial products and services to the customers and dealers of CNH Industrial North America. Retail financing products primarily include retail notes, finance leases, operating leases and revolving charge account financing to end-use customers. Wholesale financing consists primarily of dealer floorplan financing as well as financing to dealers for used equipment taken in trade, equipment utilized in dealer-owned rental yards, parts inventory, working capital and other financing needs. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Trends and Economic Conditions Significant uncertainties, including rising inflation, geopolitical instability, and the war in Ukraine, continue to create volatility in the global economy. These factors lead to inefficiencies in CNH Industrial North America s manufacturing operations and impact costs. CNH Industrial North America continues to work to mitigate the impact of these issues in order to meet end-market demand and will continue to monitor the situation as conditions remain fluid and evolve. Our business is closely tied to the agricultural and construction equipment industries because we offer financing products for such equipment. For the year ended December 31, 2022, CNH Industrial s net sales of agricultural equipment and net sales of construction equipment generated in North America were 6.8 billion and 1.7 billion, respectively, representing increases of 32 and 19 from the same period in 2021, respectively. In general, our receivable mix between agricultural and construction equipment financing directionally reflects the mix of equipment sales by CNH Industrial North America. As such, changes in the agricultural industry or with respect to our agricultural equipment borrowers may affect the majority of our portfolio. Net income was 219.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 230.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in net income was primarily due to margin compression, higher provisions for credit losses and increased labor costs, partially offset by higher recoveries on used equipment sales and a higher average managed portfolio. The receivables balance greater than 30 days past due as a percentage of managed receivables was 1.0 , 0.5 and 0.7 at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Macroeconomic issues for us include the uncertainty of governmental actions with respect to monetary, fiscal and legislative policies, the global economic recovery, changes in demand and pricing for used equipment, capital market disruptions, trade agreements, and financial regulatory reform. Significant volatility in the price of certain commodities could also impact CNH Industrial North America s and our results. Results of Operations Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 Revenues Revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (dollars in thousands): 2022 2021 Change Change Interest income on retail notes and finance leases 216,528 154,994 61,534 39.7 Interest income on wholesale notes 28,659 31,011 (2,352) (7.6) Interest and other income from affiliates 268,267 297,579 (29,312) (9.9) Rental income on operating leases 248,335 267,606 (19,271) (7.2) Other income 30,046 37,994 (7,948) (20.9) Total revenues 791,835 789,184 2,651 0.3 Revenues totaled 791.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 789.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. A higher average portfolio drove the year-over-year increase in total revenues. The average yield for the managed portfolio was 6.7 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 7.0 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Interest income on retail notes and finance leases for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 216.5 million, representing an increase of 61.5 million from the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was due to the favorable impacts of 45.5 million from higher interest rates and 16.0 million from higher average earning assets. Interest income on wholesale notes for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 28.7 million, representing a decrease of 2.4 million from the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was due to the unfavorable impact of 6.2 million from lower average earning assets, offset by a 3.8 million favorable impact from higher interest rates. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Interest and other income from affiliates for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 268.3 million, representing a decrease of 29.3 million from the year ended December 31, 2021. Compensation from CNH Industrial North America for retail low-rate financing programs and interest waiver programs offered to customers was 123.9 million and 142.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease was primarily due to pricing. For the year ended December 31, 2022, compensation from CNH Industrial North America for wholesale marketing programs was 95.1 million compared to 94.7 million for the prior year. For select operating leases, compensation from CNH Industrial North America for the difference between market rental rates and the amounts paid by customers was 47.2 million and 59.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease was primarily due to lower average earning assets. Rental income on operating leases for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 248.3 million, representing a decrease of 19.3 million from the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was due to the unfavorable impact of 30.9 million from lower average earning assets, offset by a 11.6 million favorable impact from higher interest rates. Other income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 30.0 million, representing a decrease of 7.9 million from the year ended December 31, 2021. Expenses Expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (dollars in thousands): 2022 2021 Change Change Total interest expense 241,807 195,778 46,029 23.5 Fees charged by affiliates 50,858 47,369 3,489 7.4 Provision (benefit) for credit losses 11,241 (7,460) 18,701 (250.7) Depreciation of equipment on operating leases 201,582 239,331 (37,749) (15.8) Other expenses, net (3,655) 14,016 (17,671) (126.1) Total expenses 501,833 489,034 12,799 2.6 Interest expense totaled 241.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 195.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was due to the unfavorable impacts of 42.7 million from higher average interest rates and 3.3 million from higher average total debt. The average debt cost was 2.4 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2.0 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The provision for credit losses was 11.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a benefit of 7.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in the provision for credit losses in 2022 was due to specific reserve needs, partially offset by a reduction in the expected impact on credit conditions from the COVID-19 pandemic. Depreciation of equipment on operating leases decreased by 37.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to a lower average operating lease portfolio. Other expenses, net decreased by 17.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year, primarily due to higher gains on used equipment sales. The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 was a provision of 24.4 , compared to a provision of 23.3 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Receivables and Equipment on Operating Leases Originated and Held Receivables and equipment on operating lease originations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (dollars in thousands): 2022 2021 Change Change Retail notes and finance leases 3,733,700 3,638,535 95,165 2.6 Revolving charge accounts 219,644 219,644 Wholesale 11,086,435 8,888,909 2,197,526 24.7 Equipment on operating leases 517,623 536,401 (18,778) (3.5) Total originations 15,557,402 13,063,845 2,493,557 19.1 The increase in retail note, finance lease and wholesale originations was primarily due to an increase in sales of CNH Industrial North America equipment. During the fourth quarter, we began offering revolving charge account financing. The decrease in operating lease originations was primarily due to customers preference for retail financing products. Total receivables and equipment on operating leases held as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (dollars in thousands): 2022 2021 Change Change Retail notes and finance leases 7,275,284 6,722,247 553,037 8.2 Revolving charge accounts 207,744 207,744 Wholesale 3,383,804 2,345,005 1,038,799 44.3 Equipment on operating leases 1,472,973 1,707,531 (234,558) (13.7) Total receivables and equipment on operating leases 12,339,805 10,774,783 1,565,022 14.5 The total balance of retail notes and finance leases greater than 30 days past due as a percentage of retail note and finance lease receivables was 1.2 and 0.7 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The total wholesale receivables balance greater than 30 days past due as a percentage of the wholesale receivables was not significant at December 31, 2022 or 2021. The total revolving charge account receivables balance greater than 30 days past due as a percentage of the revolving charge account receivables was 12.0 at December 31, 2022. Total retail customer receivables on nonaccrual status, which represent retail notes and finance leases for which we have ceased accruing finance income, were 53.5 million and 27.2 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no wholesale receivables on nonaccrual status nor were there any revolving charge account receivables on nonaccrual status as of December 31, 2022. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Total receivable charge-offs and recoveries, by product, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

2022 2021 Charge-offs: Retail customer 8,202 14,929 Revolving charge accounts 49 Wholesale 4,631 179 Total charge-offs 12,882 15,108 Recoveries: Retail customer (2,262) (2,177) Revolving charge accounts Wholesale (526) (126) Total recoveries (2,788) (2,303) Charge-offs, net of recoveries: Retail customer 5,940 12,752 Revolving charge accounts 49 Wholesale 4,105 53 Total charge-offs, net of recoveries 10,094 12,805 Our allowance for credit losses on all receivables financed totaled 125.0 million at December 31, 2022 and 116.0 million at December 31, 2021. The allowance is subject to a quarterly evaluation based on many quantitative and qualitative factors, including historical loss experience by product category, portfolio duration, delinquency trends, forward-looking macroeconomic factors (in particular, those conditions directly affecting the profitability and financial strength of our customers), and collateral value. No single factor determines the adequacy of the allowance. Different assumptions or changes in forward-looking economic assumptions would result in changes to the allowance for credit losses and the provision for credit losses. These qualitative factors are subjective and require a degree of management judgment. We believe our allowance is sufficient to provide for losses in our receivable portfolio as of December 31, 2022. Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020 Comparisons for the year ended December 31, 2021 to the year ended December 31, 2020 are discussed in Item 7 of the Company s 2021 annual report filed with the SEC on March 1, 2022. Liquidity and Capital Resources The following discussion of liquidity and capital resources principally focuses on our statements of cash flows, balance sheets and capitalization. CNH Industrial Capital s current funding strategy is to maintain sufficient liquidity and flexible access to a wide variety of financial instruments. In the past, securitization has been one of our most economical sources of funding and, therefore, the majority of our originated receivables are securitized, with the cash generated from such receivables utilized to repay the related debt or purchase new receivables. In addition, we have secured and unsecured facilities, commercial paper, unsecured notes, affiliate borrowings and cash to fund our liquidity needs. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Cash Flows For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our cash flows were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

2022 2021 Cash flows from (used in): Operating activities 695,366 777,757 Investing activities (1,926,919) (126,204) Financing activities 911,473 (641,445) Net cash increase (decrease) (320,080) 10,108 Operating activities in the year ended December 31, 2022 generated cash of 695 million, resulting from net income of 219 million, adjusted by depreciation and amortization of 204 million, changes in working capital of 316 million and an 11 million provision for credit losses, offset by 55 million in deferred income tax benefit. The decrease in cash provided by operating activities in 2022 compared to 2021 was due to a 44 million increase in deferred income tax benefits, a 38 million decrease in depreciation and amortization expense, a 11 million decrease in net income and 8 million related to changes in working capital, offset by a 19 million increase in provision for credit losses. Operating activities in 2021 generated cash of 778 million, resulting from net income of 230 million, adjusted by depreciation and amortization of 241 million and changes in working capital of 324 million, offset by a 7 million benefit for credit losses and 10 million of deferred income tax benefits. Investing activities in the year ended December 31, 2022 used cash of 1,927 million, resulting from net expenditures of 1,939 million for receivables and 4 million for property, equipment and software, offset by a 16 million reduction in net expenditures for equipment on operating leases. The increase in cash used by investing activities in 2022 compared to 2021 was due to a 1,896 million increase in net expenditures for receivables, offset by a 95 million decrease in net expenditures for equipment on operating leases. Investing activities in 2021 used cash of 126 million, resulting from net expenditures of 42 million for receivables, 79 million for equipment on operating leases and 5 million for property, equipment and software. Financing activities in the year ended December 31, 2022 generated cash of 911 million, resulting from net cash received on affiliated debt, short-term borrowings and long-term debt of 355 million, 348 million and 343 million, respectively, offset by 135 million in dividends paid to CNH Industrial America. The increase in cash provided in financing activities in 2022 compared to 2021 was due to an increase in net cash proceeds issued of affiliated debt, long-term debt and short-term borrowings of 540 million, 499 million and 399 million, respectively, and lower dividends of 115 million paid to CNH Industrial America. Financing activities in 2021 used cash of 641 million, resulting from net cash paid on affiliated debt, long-term debt and short-term borrowings of 185 million, 156 million and 50 million, respectively, and 250 million in dividends paid to CNH Industrial America. Securitization CNH Industrial Capital and its predecessor entities have been securitizing receivables since 1992. This market is a cost-effective financing source and allows access to a wide investor base. CNH Industrial Capital had approximately 4.9 billion of public and private asset-backed securities outstanding in the U.S. and Canada as of December 31, 2022. Our securitizations are treated as financing arrangements for accounting purposes. Committed Asset-Backed Facilities CNH Industrial Capital has committed asset-backed facilities with several banks or through their commercial paper conduit programs. Committed asset-backed facilities for the U.S. and Canada totaled 2.7 billion at December 31, 2022, with original borrowing maturities of up to two years. The unused availability under the facilities varies during the year, depending on origination volume and the refinancing of receivables with term securitization transactions and/or other financing. At December 31, 2022, approximately 833 million of funding was available for use under these facilities. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Unsecured Facilities and Debt Committed unsecured facilities with banks as of December 31, 2022, totaled 606 million. These credit facilities, which are eligible for renewal at various future dates, are used primarily for working capital and other general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2022, we had 110 million outstanding under these credit facilities. The remaining available credit commitments are maintained primarily to provide backup liquidity for commercial paper borrowings. Our outstanding commercial paper totaled 299 million as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, our unsecured senior notes were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Issued by CNH Industrial Capital LLC (the U.S. Senior Notes ): (1) 1.950 notes, due 2023 600,000 4.200 notes, due 2024 500,000 3.950 notes, due 2025 500,000 5.450 notes, due 2025 400,000 1.450 notes, due 2026 600,000 1.875 notes, due 2026 500,000 Hedging, discounts and unamortized issuance costs (64,067) 3,035,933 Issued by CNH Industrial Capital Canada (the Canadian Senior Notes ): (2) 1.500 notes, due 2024 221,593 Discounts and unamortized issuance costs (918) 220,675 Total 3,256,608 

 (1) These notes, which are senior unsecured obligations of CNH Industrial Capital LLC, are guaranteed by CNH Industrial Capital America and New Holland Credit. (2) These notes, which are senior unsecured obligations of CNH Industrial Capital Canada, are guaranteed by CNH Industrial Capital LLC, CNH Industrial Capital America and New Holland Credit. 
 On May 23, 2022, CNH Industrial Capital LLC completed an offering of 500 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.950 unsecured notes due 2025, with an issue price of 99.469 . On October 14, 2022, CNH Industrial Capital LLC completed an offering of 400 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.450 unsecured notes due 2025, with an issue price of 99.349 . Credit Ratings Our ability to obtain funding is affected by credit ratings of our debt, which are closely related to the outlook for and the financial condition of CNHI, and the nature and availability of our support agreement with CNHI. To access public debt capital markets, we rely on credit rating agencies to assign short-term and long-term credit ratings to our securities as an indicator of credit quality for fixed income investors. A credit rating agency may change or withdraw our ratings based on its assessment of our current and future ability to meet interest and principal repayment obligations. Each agency s rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. Lower credit ratings generally result in higher borrowing costs, including costs of derivative transactions, and reduced access to debt capital markets. On January 7, 2022, Fitch upgraded the Long-Term Issuer Default Rating IDR and senior long-term debt ratings of CNH Industrial Capital LLC and CNH Industrial Capital Canada to BBB+ from BBB- . The outlook is stable. Fitch has also upgraded CNH Industrial Capital LLC s short-term IDR and commercial paper ratings to F2 from F3 . On February 25, 2022, Moody s upgraded the senior unsecured ratings of CNH Industrial Capital LLC and CNH Industrial Capital Canada to Baa2 from Baa3 . The rating outlook is stable. Our long-term credit ratings remained unchanged at BBB from S P Global Ratings with a stable outlook. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Our current credit ratings are as follows: 

Senior Long-Term Short-Term Outlook S P Global Ratings BBB A-2 Stable Fitch Ratings BBB+ F2 Stable Moody s Investors Service Baa2 - Stable Our debt is investment grade, which we believe will allow us to access funding at better rates. Affiliate Sources CNH Industrial Capital borrows, as needed, from CNH Industrial. This source of funding is primarily used to finance various assets and provides additional flexibility when evaluating market conditions and potential third-party financing options. We had affiliated debt of 342 million and 2 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Equity Position Our equity position also supports our ability to access various funding sources. Our stockholder s equity at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 1.3 billion and 1.2 billion, respectively. During 2022, CNH Industrial Capital LLC paid cash dividends of 135 million to CNH Industrial America. Liquidity While we expect securitization to continue to represent a material portion of our capital structure and affiliated borrowings to remain a marginal source of funding, we will continue to diversify our funding sources and expand our investor base to support our investment grade credit ratings. These diversified funding sources include committed asset-backed facilities, unsecured notes, bank facilities and a commercial paper program. The liquidity available for use varies due to: (a) changes in origination volumes, reflecting the financing needs of our customers, and is influenced by the timing of any refinancing of underlying receivables; and (b) the execution of our funding strategy of maintaining a sufficient level of liquidity and flexible access to a wide variety of financial instruments. Debt Our consolidated debt as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is set forth in the table below (dollars in thousands): 

2022 2021 Short-term debt (including current maturities of long-term debt) 4,096,426 3,755,368 Long-term debt 6,387,135 6,141,970 Total third-party debt 10,483,561 9,897,338 Affiliated debt 341,531 2,100 Total debt 10,825,092 9,899,438 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Cash and Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents The following table shows cash and restricted cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): 2022 2021 Cash 262,244 426,917 Restricted cash and cash equivalents 446,335 601,742 Total cash 708,579 1,028,659 Restricted cash and cash equivalents are comprised of highly liquid investments with short-term original maturities. See Liquidity and Capital Resources - Cash Flows for a further discussion of the change in our cash position. Restricted cash is principally held by depository banks in order to comply with securitization contractual agreements, such as providing cash reserve accounts for the benefit of securitization investors. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements For additional information, see Note 13: Commitments and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. Contractual Obligations The following table sets forth the aggregate amounts of our contractual obligations and commitments as of December 31, 2022 with definitive payment terms that will require significant cash outlays in the future (dollars in thousands). Payments Due by Period Less than After Total 1 year 1 - 3 years 4 - 5 years 5 years Short-term and long-term debt (1) 10,483,561 4,096,426 4,185,539 2,177,214 24,382 Affiliated debt 341,531 341,531 Interest on fixed rate debt 850,845 235,650 418,219 196,976 Interest on floating rate debt (2) 532,884 117,875 222,634 190,743 1,632 Operating leases (3) 8,500 1,700 5,100 1,700 Total contractual obligations 12,217,321 4,793,182 4,831,492 2,566,633 26,014 

 (1) Short-term debt shown as less than one year includes current maturities of long-term debt of 2,502,414. 
 (2) The interest funding requirements are based on the year-end 2022 interest rates. 
 (3) Minimum rental commitments. 
 
 See Liquidity and Capital Resources - Debt for information relating to our consolidated debt as of December 31, 2022. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 Guarantor Statements CNH Industrial Capital America and New Holland Credit, which are 100 -owned subsidiaries of CNH Industrial Capital LLC, guarantee the U.S. Senior Notes (the U.S. Notes Guarantees ). CNH Industrial Capital LLC, CNH Industrial Capital America and New Holland Credit (the Guarantor Entities guarantee the Canadian Senior Notes (the Canadian Notes Guarantees and, together with the U.S. Notes Guarantees, the Guarantees ). The Guarantees are full, unconditional, and joint and several. The Guarantees are general unsecured obligations of the applicable Guarantor Entities and rank senior in right of payment to all future obligations of such Guarantor Entities that are, by their terms, expressly subordinated in right of payment to such Guarantees and pari passu in right of payment with all existing and future unsecured indebtedness of such Guarantor Entities that are not so subordinated. The Guarantor Entities obligations under their applicable Guarantees are limited as necessary to prevent the Guarantees from constituting a fraudulent conveyance under applicable law. If the Guarantees were rendered voidable, they could be subordinated by a court to all other indebtedness (including guarantees and other contingent liabilities) of the applicable Guarantor Entities and, depending on the amount of the indebtedness, such Guarantor Entities liability on the Guarantees to which they are parties could be reduced to zero. The Guarantees of the Guarantor Entities will be automatically released: (1) in connection with any sale or other disposition of all of the capital stock of the applicable Guarantor Entities to a person other than, for purposes of the U.S. Notes Guarantees, CNH Industrial Capital LLC or any subsidiary of CNH Industrial Capital LLC, or, for purposes of the Canadian Notes Guarantees, CNH Industrial N.V. or any subsidiary of CNH Industrial N.V.; (2) in connection with the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets or properties of the applicable Guarantor Entities, including by way of merger, consolidation or otherwise, to a person other than, for purposes of the U.S. Notes Guarantees, CNH Industrial Capital LLC or any subsidiary of CNH Industrial Capital LLC or, for purposes of the Canadian Notes Guarantees, CNH Industrial N.V. or any subsidiary of CNH Industrial N.V.; or (3) in certain other circumstances. 
 The following tables present summarized financial information for the obligor groups of the U.S. Senior Notes and the Canadian Senior Notes. The obligor group consists of the issuer and guarantors for the applicable senior notes. Intercompany balances and transactions between the issuer and guarantors have been eliminated. The investments in, and equity in income from, non-guarantor subsidiaries has been excluded. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the summarized statement of income information for the obligor group of the U.S. Senior Notes was as follows (dollars in thousands): 

2022 2021 Revenues 462,893 461,054 Interest expense 170,955 157,691 Administrative and operating expenses 202,652 247,101 Income tax provision 22,424 12,511 Net income 66,862 43,751 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the summarized balance sheet information for the obligor group of the U.S. Senior Notes was as follows (dollars in thousands): 

2022 2021 Cash 235,428 183,809 Restricted cash and cash equivalents Receivables, less allowance for credit losses of 36,093 and 34,173 2,198,816 1,715,740 Equipment on operating leases, net 1,055,313 1,283,428 Short-term debt, including current maturities of long-term debt 975,566 740,257 Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities 784,491 838,482 Long-term debt 2,456,038 2,327,853 For the U.S. Senior Notes, the obligors amounts due from and due to the non-guarantor subsidiaries of CNH Industrial Capital LLC as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

2022 2021 Affiliated accounts and notes receivable from non-guarantor subsidiaries 2,689,403 2,253,415 Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities to non-guarantor subsidiaries 3,254,572 3,156,639 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the summarized statement of income information for the obligor group of the Canadian Senior Notes was as follows (dollars in thousands): 

2022 2021 Revenues 629,474 622,973 Interest expense 218,534 195,371 Administrative and operating expenses 266,809 307,290 Income tax provision 36,183 28,396 Net income 107,948 91,916 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the summarized balance sheet information for the obligor group of the Canadian Senior Notes was as follows (dollars in thousands): 

2022 2021 Cash 260,907 203,428 Restricted cash and cash equivalents 88,589 103,378 Receivables, less allowance for credit losses of 51,237 and 47,635 4,291,809 3,648,390 Equipment on operating leases, net 1,472,973 1,707,531 Short-term debt, including current maturities of long-term debt 1,561,788 1,362,012 Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities 877,678 921,681 Long-term debt 3,477,671 3,419,175 For the Canadian Senior Notes, the obligors amounts due from and due to the non-guarantor subsidiaries of CNH Industrial Capital LLC as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

2022 2021 Affiliated accounts and notes receivable from non-guarantor subsidiaries 2,576,713 2,133,655 Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities to non-guarantor subsidiaries 3,276,544 3,270,583 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Other Data As of or for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Total managed receivables 10,866,832 9,067,252 9,032,947 Operating lease equipment 1,472,973 1,707,531 1,859,184 Total managed portfolio 12,339,805 10,774,783 10,892,131 Delinquency (1) 1.02 0.48 0.74 Average managed receivables 9,728,967 8,970,948 9,356,087 Net credit loss (2) 0.10 0.14 0.24 Profitability: Average receivable yields (3) 4.79 4.72 5.33 Average debt cost 2.43 2.00 2.73 Return on average managed portfolio (4) 1.94 2.14 1.29 Asset Quality: Allowance for credit losses/total receivables 1.15 1.28 1.51 

 (1) Delinquency means managed receivables that are past due over 30 days, expressed as a percentage of the managed receivables as of the end of the respective period. (2) Net credit losses on the managed receivables means charge-offs, net of recoveries, for the preceding 12 months expressed as a percentage of the respective average managed receivables. (3) Yield on retail notes, finance leases, revolving charge accounts and wholesale receivables. (4) Net income for the period expressed as a percentage of the average managed portfolio. 
 Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this filing, including competitive strengths; business strategy; future financial position or operating results; budgets; projections with respect to revenue, income, capital expenditures, dividends, liquidity, capital structure or other financial items; costs; and plans and objectives of management regarding operations, products and services, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements also include statements regarding the future performance of CNH Industrial and its subsidiaries on a stand-alone basis. These statements may include terminology such as may, will, expect, could, should, intend, estimate, anticipate, believe, outlook, continue, remain, on track, design, target, objective, goal, forecast, projection, prospects, plan, or similar terminology. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather, they are based on current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside our control and are difficult to predict. If any of these risks and uncertainties materialize (or they occur with a degree of severity that the Company is unable to predict) or other assumptions underlying any of the forward-looking statements prove to be incorrect, including any assumptions regarding strategic plans, the actual results or developments may differ materially from any future results or developments expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Factors, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements include, among others: the continued uncertainties related to the unknown duration and economic, operational and financial impacts of the global COVID-19 pandemic and the actions taken or contemplated by governmental authorities or others in connection with the pandemic on our business, our employees, customers and suppliers; supply chain disruptions, including delays caused by mandated shutdowns, industry capacity constraints, material availability, and global logistics delays and constraints; disruption caused by business responses to COVID-19, including remote working arrangements, which may create increased vulnerability to cybersecurity or data privacy incidents; our ability to execute business continuity plans as a result of COVID-19; the many interrelated factors that affect consumer confidence and worldwide demand for capital goods and capital goods-related products, including demand uncertainty caused by COVID-19; general economic conditions in each of our markets, including the significant economic uncertainty and volatility caused by COVID-19; changes in government policies regarding banking, monetary and fiscal policy; legislation, particularly pertaining to capital goods-related issues such as agriculture, the environment, debt relief and subsidy program policies, trade and commerce and infrastructure development; government policies on international trade and investment, including sanctions, import quotas, capital controls and tariffs; volatility in international trade caused by the imposition of tariffs, sanctions, embargoes, and trade wars; actions of competitors in the various industries in which CNH Industrial North America competes; development and use of new technologies and technological difficulties; the interpretation of, or adoption of new, compliance requirements with respect to engine emissions, safety or other aspects of CNH Industrial s products; production difficulties, including capacity and supply constraints and excess inventory levels; labor relations; interest rates and currency exchange rates; inflation and deflation; energy prices; prices for agricultural commodities; housing starts and other construction activity; our ability to obtain financing or to refinance existing debt; restrictive covenants in our debt agreements; actions by rating agencies concerning the ratings on our debt and asset-backed securities and the credit rating of CNHI; price pressure on new and used equipment; security breaches, cybersecurity attacks, technology failures, and other disruptions to the information technology infrastructure of the Company and its CNH Industrial North America dealers; security breaches with respect to CNH Industrial s products; political and civil unrest; volatility and deterioration of capital and financial markets, including other pandemics and terrorist attacks; our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from our business initiatives as part of CNHI s strategic plan; CNHI s failure to realize, or a delay in realizing, all of the anticipated benefits of its acquisitions, joint ventures, strategic alliances or divestitures and other similar risks and uncertainties, and our and CNHI s success in managing the risks involved in the foregoing. Forward-looking statements are based upon assumptions relating to the factors described in this filing, which are sometimes based upon estimates and data received from third parties. Such estimates and data are often revised. Actual results may differ materially from the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. CNH Industrial Capital expressly disclaims any intention or obligation to provide, update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect any change in expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Further information concerning CNH Industrial Capital, including factors that potentially could materially affect CNH Industrial Capital s financial results, is included in CNH Industrial Capital s reports and filings with the SEC. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses during the reported periods. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions and conditions. Our critical accounting policies and estimates, which require management assumptions and complex judgments, are summarized below. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 Allowance for Credit Losses The allowance for credit losses is our estimate of the lifetime expected credit losses inherent in the receivables owned by us. Retail customer receivables primarily include retail notes and finance leases to end-use customers. Revolving charge accounts represent financing for customers to purchase parts, service, rentals, implements and attachments from CNH Industrial North America dealers. Wholesale receivables include dealer floorplan financing, and to a lesser extent, the financing of dealer operations. Typically, our receivables within a geographic area have similar risk profiles and methods for assessing and monitoring risk. Retail customer receivables that share the same risk characteristics such as, collateralization levels, geography, product type and other relevant factors are reviewed on a collective basis using measurement models and management judgment. The allowance for credit losses on retail customer receivables is based on loss forecast models that consider a variety of factors that include, but are not limited to, historical loss experience, collateral value, portfolio balance and delinquency. The loss forecast models are updated on a quarterly basis. The calculation is adjusted for forward-looking macroeconomic factors, such as GDP and Net Farm Income. The forward-looking macroeconomic factors are updated quarterly. In addition, qualitative factors that are not fully captured in the loss forecast models are considered in the evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses. These qualitative factors are subjective and require a degree of management judgment. Wholesale receivables that share the same risk characteristics such as, collateralization levels, term, geography and other relevant factors are reviewed on a collective basis using measurement models and management judgment. The allowance for wholesale credit losses is based on loss forecast models that consider a variety of factors that include, but are not limited to, historical loss experience, collateral value, portfolio balance and delinquency. The loss forecast models are updated on a quarterly basis. The calculation is adjusted for forward-looking macroeconomic factors, such as industry sales volumes. The forward-looking macroeconomic factors are updated quarterly. In addition, qualitative factors that are not fully captured in the loss forecast models are considered in the evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses. These qualitative factors are subjective and require a degree of management judgment. Retail customer receivables and wholesale receivables that do not have similar risk characteristics are individually reviewed based on, among other items, amounts outstanding, days past due and prior collection history. Expected credit losses are measured by considering: the probability weighted estimates of cash flows and collateral value; the time value of money; current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions. Expected credit losses are measured as the probability weighted present value of all cash shortfalls (including the value of the collateral, if appropriate) over the expected life of each financial asset. Charge-offs of principal amounts of receivables outstanding are deducted from the allowance at the point when it is estimated that amounts due are deemed uncollectible. When delinquency reaches 120 days, revolving charge accounts are generally deemed to be uncollectible and charged off to the allowance for credit losses. The total allowance for credit losses at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 125.0 million and 116.0 million, respectively. Management s ongoing evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses takes into consideration historical loss experience, known and inherent risks in the portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, estimated value of underlying collateral and current and future economic conditions. While management believes it has exercised prudent judgment and applied reasonable assumptions, there can be no assurance that, in the future, changes in economic conditions or other factors will not cause changes in the financial condition of our customers. If the financial condition of some of our customers deteriorates, the timing and level of payments received could be impacted and, therefore, could result in an increase in losses on the current portfolio. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Equipment on Operating Lease Residual Values We purchase equipment from our dealers and other independent third parties and lease such equipment to retail customers under operating leases. Income from these operating leases is recognized over the term of the lease. Our decision on whether or not to offer lease financing to customers is based, in part, upon estimated residual values of the leased equipment, which are estimated at the lease inception date and periodically updated. Realization of the residual values, a component in the profitability of a lease transaction, is dependent on our ability to market the equipment at lease termination under the then prevailing market conditions. Equipment model changes and updates, as well as market strength and product acceptance, are monitored and adjustments are made to residual values in accordance with the significance of any such changes. Although realization is not assured, management believes that the estimated residual values are realizable. Total operating lease residual values at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 1.1 billion and 1.4 billion, respectively. Estimates used in determining end-of-lease market values for equipment on operating leases significantly impact the amount and timing of depreciation expense. If future values for this equipment were to decrease 10 from our present estimates, the total impact would be to increase our depreciation expense on equipment on operating leases by approximately 114.9 million. This amount would be charged to depreciation expense during the remaining lease terms such that the net amount of equipment on operating leases at the end of the lease terms would be equal to the revised residual values. Initial lease terms generally range from two to five years. New Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted In March 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting ASU 2020-04 ). ASU 2020-04 provides temporary optional expedients and exceptions for applying U.S. GAAP to contract modifications, hedging relationships, and other transactions affected by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. In December 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-06, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848 ASU 2022-06 ). ASU 2022-06 extended the sunset date of ASC Topic 848 from December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2024. We have not adopted ASU 2020-04 as of December 31, 2022. ASU 2020-04 is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-02, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures ASU 2022-02 ). ASU 2022-02 eliminates the accounting guidance for troubled debt restructurings TDRs for creditors in ASC 310-40 and amends the guidance on vintage disclosures to require disclosure of current-period gross charge-offs by year of origination. ASU 2022-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. Entities can elect to adopt the guidance on TDRs using either a prospective or modified retrospective transition. The amendments related to disclosures should be adopted prospectively. We are currently evaluating the impact of adoption on our consolidated financial statements. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk We are exposed to a variety of market risks, primarily changes in interest rates. We monitor our exposure to these risks, and manage the underlying economic exposures on transactions using financial instruments such as forward contracts, interest rate swaps, interest rate caps and forward starting swaps. We do not hold or issue derivatives or other financial instruments for speculative purposes or to hedge translation risks. See Note 10: Financial Instruments in the notes to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, for a description of our risk management strategy and the methods and assumptions used to determine the fair values of financial instruments. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Interest Rate Risk We are exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates. We monitor our exposure to this risk and manage the underlying exposure both through the matching of financial assets and liabilities and through the use of financial instruments, including swaps, caps, and forward starting swaps for the net exposure. The instruments aim to stabilize funding costs by managing the exposure created by the differing maturities and interest rate structures of our financial assets and liabilities. We do not hold or issue derivative or other financial instruments for speculative purposes. We monitor interest rate risk to achieve a predetermined level of matching between the interest rate structure of our financial assets and liabilities. Fixed-rate financial instruments, including receivables, debt and other investments, are segregated from floating-rate instruments in evaluating the potential impact of changes in applicable interest rates. A sensitivity analysis was performed to compute the impact on fair value which would be caused by a hypothetical 10 change in the interest rates used to discount each category of financial assets and liabilities. The net impact on the fair value of the financial instruments and derivative instruments held as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, resulting from a hypothetical 10 change in interest rates, would be approximately zero and 13.6 million, respectively. For the sensitivity analysis the financial instruments are grouped according to the currency in which financial assets and liabilities are denominated and the applicable interest rate index. As a result, our interest rate risk sensitivity model may overstate the impact of interest rate fluctuations for such financial instruments, as consistently unfavorable movements of all interest rates are unlikely. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Our consolidated financial statements are included in this annual report beginning on page F-1. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure Not applicable. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Disclosure Controls and Procedures As of the end of the period covered by this report, our management carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our President and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based upon that evaluation, our President and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the framework set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment, management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. This annual report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual report. Item 9B. Other Information None. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Omitted pursuant to General Instruction I of Form 10-K. Item 11. Executive Compensation Omitted pursuant to General Instruction I of Form 10-K. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management Omitted pursuant to General Instruction I of Form 10-K. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Omitted pursuant to General Instruction I of Form 10-K. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Ernst Young LLP, the member firms of Ernst Young and their respective affiliates (collectively, the Ernst Young Entities were appointed to serve as our independent registered public accounting firm. We incurred the following fees for professional services performed by the Ernst Young Entities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively: 

2022 2021 Audit fees 913,075 933,834 Audit-related fees 595,100 662,807 Total 1,508,175 1,596,641 Audit Fees are the aggregate fees billed for the audit of our consolidated annual financial statements, reviews of interim financial statements and attestation services that are provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. Audit-related fees are fees charged for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. This category is comprised of fees for agreed-upon procedure engagements and other attestation services subject to regulatory and funding requirements. There were no fees billed for professional services in connection with tax compliance, tax advice, tax planning or other fees not included above for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Audit Committee s Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures As a wholly-owned subsidiary of CNHI, audit and non-audit services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm are subject to CNHI s Audit Committee pre-approval policies and procedures. During the year ended December 31, 2022, all audit and non-audit services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm were pre-approved in accordance with such policies and procedures. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules The following documents are filed as part of this report: 1. Financial Statements 2. Financial Statement Schedules See table of contents to financial statements and schedules immediately preceding the financial statements and schedules to the consolidated financial statements. 3. Exhibits. 

Exhibit Description 3.1 Certificate of Formation of CNH Industrial Capital LLC dated December 31, 2004, as amended by the Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Formation of CNH Industrial Capital LLC dated February 10, 2014. (Previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the annual report on Form 10-K of the registrant for the year ended December 31, 2015 (File No. 333-182411) and incorporated herein by reference). 3.2 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of CNH Industrial Capital LLC, amended on July 7, 2011. (Previously filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the registration statement on Form S-4 of the registrant (File No. 333-182411) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.1 Indenture, dated as of September 11, 2015, by and among CNH Industrial Capital LLC, as issuer, the Guarantors named therein and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee. (Previously filed as Exhibit 4.9 to the registration statement on Form F-3 of the registrant (File No. 333-206891-03) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.2 Officers Certificate, dated as of August 14, 2018 (including Form of 4.200 Note due 2024 included therein). (Previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the current report on Form 8-K of the registrant on August 14, 2018 (File No. 000-55510) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.3 Officers Certificate, dated as of July 2, 2020 (including Form of 1.950 Note due 2023 included therein). (Previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the current report on Form 8-K of the registrant on July 2, 2020 (File No. 000-55510) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.4 Officers Certificate, dated as of October 6, 2020 (including Form of 1.875 Note due 2026 included therein). (Previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the current report on Form 8-K of the registrant on October 6, 2020 (File No. 000-55510) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.5 Officers Certificate, dated as of May 24, 2021 (including Form of 1.450 Note due 2026 included therein). (Previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the current report on Form 8-K of the registrant on May 24, 2021 (File No. 000-55510) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.6 Officers Certificate, dated as of May 23, 2022 (including Form of 3.950 Note due 2025 included therein). (Previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the current report on Form 8-K of the registrant on May 23, 2022 (File No. 000-55510) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.7 Officers Certificate, dated as of October 14, 2022 (including Form of 5.450 Note due 2025 included therein). (Previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the current report on Form 8-K of the registrant on October 14, 2022 (File No. 000-55510) and incorporated herein by reference). 10.1 Support Agreement, dated as of November 4, 2011, by and between CNH Industrial Capital LLC and CNH Global N.V. (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the registration statement on Form S-4 of the registrant (File No. 333-182411) and incorporated herein by reference). 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Description 10.2 Fourth Amended and Restated Wholesale and Parts CNHi Capital Financing Agreement, dated December 31, 2017, by and between CNH Industrial America LLC and CNH Industrial Capital America LLC. 10.3 Second Amended and Restated Wholesale and Parts CNHi Capital Financing Agreement, dated December 31, 2017, by and between CNH Industrial Canada Ltd. and CNH Industrial Capital Canada Ltd. 10.4 Supplemental Support Agreement, dated as of September 27, 2013, by and among CNH Industrial Capital LLC, CNH Global N.V. and CNH Industrial N.V. (formerly known as FI CBM Holdings N.V.). (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of the registrant for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 (File No. 333-182411) and incorporated herein by reference). 22 Issuer and Guarantors of Guaranteed Securities. 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young LLP. 31.1 Certifications of President Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certifications of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(b) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350). 

 These certifications are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section; nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act. Pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K, copies of instruments defining the rights of holders of certain long-term debt have not been filed. The registrant will furnish copies thereof to the SEC upon request. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC Date: February 28, 2023 By: /s/ Douglas MacLeod Name: Douglas MacLeod Title: Chairman and President Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature Title Date /s/ Douglas MacLeod Chairman, President and Director February 28, 2023 Douglas MacLeod (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ D ANIEL W ILLEMS V AN D IJK Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Treasurer February 28, 2023 Daniel Willems Van Dijk (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Leandro Lecheta Director February 28, 2023 Leandro Lecheta 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 INDEX TO AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

PAGE Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-2 Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F-5 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F-8 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholder s Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F-9 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-10 Schedules Omitted The following schedules are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the required information is included in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements: I, II, III, IV and V 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholder and the Board of Directors of CNH Industrial Capital LLC Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CNH Industrial Capital LLC and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholder s equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

Allowance for Credit Losses Description of the Matter The Company s receivables portfolio totaled 10.9 billion as of December 31, 2022, and the associated allowance for credit losses (ACL) for the receivables portfolio was 125.0 million. As discussed in Notes 2 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company estimates lifetime expected credit losses on receivables to determine the ACL. Receivables that share the same risk characteristics are reviewed on a collective basis, and management calculates the ACL based on loss forecast models that consider a variety of factors such as historical loss experience, collateral value, portfolio balance and delinquency. Management then applies forward-looking macroeconomic forecasts and qualitative factors for factors that are not fully captured in the ACL model calculation. For loans that do not share similar risk characteristics, management measures the ACL on an individual receivable basis by considering the probability-weighted present value of all cash shortfalls (including the value of the collateral, if appropriate) over the expected life of each financial asset. The Company has identified two portfolio segments, retail and wholesale, in the determination of the ACL. Auditing management s ACL estimate for retail receivables, reviewed on a collective basis, involved a high degree of subjectivity, in particular due to the degree of management judgement involved in adjusting loss forecast models for macroeconomic factors and qualitative factors. Management s measurement of the macroeconomic factors and identification and measurement of the qualitative factors are highly judgmental and could have a significant effect on the ACL. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over management s process for assessing, selecting, and reviewing macroeconomic factors and qualitative factors and controls over the accuracy and completeness of such factors considered in the Company s calculation of the retail ACL. To test the Company s macroeconomic factors and qualitative factors for the retail receivables portfolio, we evaluated the accuracy, completeness, and the relevance of the inputs and assumptions used in the estimate calculation. Specifically, we compared the inputs and assumptions to internal and external sources including, among others, the economic forecasts utilized by the Company and other available economic forecasts for contrary or corroborative evidence. Further, we evaluated management s basis for the factors in relation to changes in economic conditions and forecasts. We involved our internal specialists in evaluating the conceptual soundness of the model methodology. In addition, we evaluated the overall ACL amount, inclusive of the macroeconomic factors and qualitative factors, and whether the amount appropriately reflects losses expected in the receivables portfolios as of the consolidated balance sheet date. For example, we compared the Company s recorded ACL to its historical loss experience and peer reserve rates. We also reviewed subsequent events and considered whether they corroborate or contradict the Company s conclusion. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2011. February 28, 2023 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 (Dollars in thousands) 

2022 2021 2020 REVENUES Interest income on retail notes and finance leases Interest income on wholesale notes Interest and other income from affiliates Rental income on operating leases Other income Total revenues EXPENSES Interest expense: Interest expense to third parties Interest expense to affiliates Total interest expense Administrative and operating expenses: Fees charged by affiliates Provision (benefit) for credit losses ) Depreciation of equipment on operating leases Other expenses, net ) Total administrative and operating expenses Total expenses INCOME BEFORE TAXES Income tax provision NET INCOME The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 (Dollars in thousands) 

2022 2021 2020 NET INCOME Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Pension liability adjustment Change in derivative financial instruments ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) COMPREHENSIVE INCOME The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 (Dollars in thousands) 

2022 2021 ASSETS Cash Restricted cash and cash equivalents Receivables, less allowance for credit losses of and , respectively Affiliated accounts and notes receivable Equipment on operating leases, net Equipment held for sale Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other assets TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY Liabilities: Short-term debt (including current maturities of long-term debt) Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities Affiliated debt Long-term debt Total liabilities Commitments and contingent liabilities (Note 13) Stockholder s equity: Member s capital Paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Total stockholder s equity TOTAL The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Continued) AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 (Dollars in thousands) The following table presents certain assets and liabilities of consolidated variable interest entities VIEs ), which are included in the consolidated balance sheets. The assets in the table include those assets that can only be used to settle obligations of consolidated VIEs. The liabilities in the table include third-party liabilities of the consolidated VIEs, for which creditors do not have recourse to the general credit of CNH Industrial Capital LLC. 

2022 2021 Restricted cash and cash equivalents Receivables, less allowance for credit losses of and , respectively TOTAL Short-term debt (including current maturities of long-term debt) Long-term debt TOTAL The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 (Dollars in thousands) 

2022 2021 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from (used in) operating activities: Depreciation on property and equipment and equipment on operating leases Amortization of intangibles Provision (benefit) for credit losses ) Deferred income tax benefit ) ) ) Changes in components of working capital: Change in affiliated accounts and notes receivables ) Change in other assets and equipment held for sale ) Change in accounts payable and other accrued liabilities Net cash from (used in) operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Cost of receivables acquired ) ) ) Collections of receivables Purchase of equipment on operating leases ) ) ) Proceeds from disposal of equipment on operating leases Change in property, equipment and software, net ) ) ) Net cash from (used in) investing activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from issuance of affiliated debt Payment of affiliated debt ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Payment of long-term debt ) ) ) Change in short-term borrowings, net ) ) Dividends paid to CNH Industrial America LLC ) ) ) Net cash from (used in) financing activities ) ) INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS Beginning of year End of year CASH PAID DURING THE YEAR FOR INTEREST CASH PAID DURING THE YEAR FOR TAXES The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Accumulated Other Member s Paid-in Comprehensive Retained Capital Capital Income (Loss) Earnings Total BALANCE - January 1, 2020 as recast ) Net income Dividends paid to CNH Industrial America LLC ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Stock compensation ) ) Pension liability adjustment, net of tax Change in derivative financial instruments, net of tax ) ) BALANCE - December 31, 2020 ) Net income Dividends paid to CNH Industrial America LLC ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Stock compensation Pension liability adjustment, net of tax Change in derivative financial instruments, net of tax BALANCE - December 31, 2021 ) Net income Dividends paid to CNH Industrial America LLC ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Stock compensation Pension liability adjustment, net of tax Change in derivative financial instruments, net of tax BALANCE - December 31, 2022 ) The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these financial statements . 
 F-9 

Table of Contents CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars in thousands) 
 
 F-10 

Table of Contents CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Dollars in thousands) 
 days past due, whichever occurs earlier. Income accrual is resumed if the receivable becomes contractually current and collection doubts are removed. Previously suspended income is recognized at that time. The Company applies cash received on nonaccrual financing receivables to first reduce any unrecognized interest and then the recorded investment and any other fees. A substantial portion of the Company s interest income arises from retail sales programs offered by CNH Industrial North America on which finance charges are waived or below-market rate financing programs are offered. When the Company acquires retail notes and finance leases subject to below-market interest rates, including waived interest rate financing, the Company receives compensation from CNH Industrial North America based on the Company s estimated costs and a targeted return on equity. This amount is initially recognized as an unearned finance charge and is recognized as interest income over the term of the retail notes and finance leases, and is included in Interest and other income from affiliates in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. For selected wholesale receivables, CNH Industrial North America compensates the Company based on the Company s estimated costs and a targeted return on equity. These amounts are included in Interest and other income from affiliates in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. The Company is also compensated for lending funds to CNH Industrial North America. The amounts earned are included in Interest and other income from affiliates in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. Income from operating leases is recognized over the term of the lease on a straight-line basis. For selected operating leases, CNH Industrial North America compensates the Company based on the Company s estimated costs and a targeted return on equity. The amounts from CNH Industrial North America recognized as rental income on operating leases are included in Interest and other income from affiliates. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Dollars in thousands) 
 
 F-12 

Table of Contents CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Dollars in thousands) 
 . impairment in either year. Other intangible assets consist of software and are being amortized on a straight-line basis over . 
 F-13 

Table of Contents CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Dollars in thousands) 
 
 F-14 

Table of Contents CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Dollars in thousands)) ) ) Tax asset (liability) ) ) Beginning balance, net of tax ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Tax effects ) ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total ) ) The following table summarizes the change in the components of the Company s AOCI balance and related tax effects for the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Currency Unrealized Translation Pension (Losses) Gains Adjustment Liability on Derivatives Total Beginning balance, gross ) ) ) Tax asset (liability) ) Beginning balance, net of tax ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Tax effects ) ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) Total ) ) ) The reclassifications out of AOCI and the location on the consolidated statements of income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were immaterial. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Dollars in thousands) 
 Revolving charge accounts Finance leases Wholesale Restricted receivables Gross receivables Less: Allowance for credit losses ) ) Total receivables, net The Company provides and administers retail note and lease financing to end-use customers for the purchase of new and used equipment and components sold through CNH Industrial North America s dealer network, as well as revolving charge account financing. The terms of retail notes and finance leases generally range from two to , and interest rates vary depending on prevailing market interest rates and certain incentive programs offered by CNH Industrial North America. Revolving charge accounts are generally accompanied by higher interest rates than the Company s other retail financing products, require minimum monthly payments and do not have pre-determined maturity dates. Wholesale receivables arise primarily from dealer floorplan financing, and to a lesser extent, the financing of dealer operations. Under the standard terms of the wholesale receivable agreements, these receivables typically have interest-free periods of up to and stated original maturities of up to twenty-four months, with repayment accelerated upon the sale of the underlying equipment by the dealer. During the interest-free period, the Company is compensated by CNH Industrial North America based on market interest rates. After the expiration of any interest-free period, interest is charged to dealers on outstanding balances until the Company receives payment in full. The interest-free periods are determined based on the type of equipment sold and the time of year of the sale. Interest rates are set based on market factors and the prime rate or the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). The Company evaluates and assesses dealers on an ongoing basis as to their creditworthiness. CNH Industrial North America may be obligated to repurchase the dealer s equipment upon cancellation or termination of the dealer s contract for such causes as change in ownership, closeout of the business, or default. There were no significant losses in 2022, 2021 or 2020 relating to the termination of dealer contracts. Maturities of receivables as of December 31, 2022, are as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 and thereafter Total receivables 
 F-16 

Table of Contents CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Dollars in thousands) 
 Wholesale Total restricted receivables Retail Notes Securitizations Within the U.S. retail notes securitization programs, qualifying retail notes are sold to bankruptcy-remote SPEs. In turn, these SPEs establish separate trusts, which are VIEs, to either transfer receivables in exchange for proceeds from asset-backed securities issued by the trusts, or pledge the receivables as collateral in exchange for proceeds from a committed asset-backed facility. In Canada, qualifying retail notes are transferred directly to trusts, which are also VIEs. The VIEs are consolidated since the Company has both the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIEs economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIEs. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company executed and , respectively, in term retail asset-backed transactions in the U.S. and Canada. The securities in these transactions are backed by agricultural and construction equipment retail notes originated through CNH Industrial North America s dealer network. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and , respectively, of asset-backed securities issued to investors were outstanding with weighted average remaining maturities of months and months, respectively. The Company believes that it is probable that it will continue to regularly utilize the term ABS markets. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Dollars in thousands) 
 in committed asset-backed facilities through which it may sell on a monthly basis retail notes generated in the United States and Canada. The Company has utilized these facilities in the past to fund the origination of receivables and has later repurchased and resold the receivables in the term ABS markets or found alternative financing for the receivables. The U.S. and Canadian facilities had an original funding term of and are renewable in September 2024 and December 2024, respectively. To the extent these facilities are not renewed, they will be repaid according to the amortization of the underlying receivables. Wholesale Receivables Securitizations With regard to the wholesale receivable securitization programs, the Company sells eligible receivables on a revolving basis to structured master trust facilities, which are bankruptcy-remote SPEs. As of December 31, 2022, debt is issued through a U.S. master trust facility, consisting of short-term series of and , and through a C Canadian master trust facility. These trusts were determined to be VIEs. In its role as servicer, CNH Industrial Capital has the power to direct the trusts activities. Through its retained interests, the Company provides security to investors in the event that cash collections from the receivables are not sufficient to make principal and interest payments on the securities. Consequently, CNH Industrial Capital has consolidated these wholesale trusts. Each of the facilities contains minimum payment rate thresholds that, if breached, could preclude the Company from selling additional receivables originated on a prospective basis and could force an early amortization of the debt. Allowance for Credit Losses The Company s allowance for credit losses is segregated into portfolio segments: retail customer receivables, revolving charge accounts and wholesale receivables. A portfolio segment is the level at which the Company develops a systematic methodology for determining its allowance for credit losses. Further, the class of receivables by which the Company evaluates its portfolio segments is by geographic region. Typically, the Company s receivables within a geographic area have similar risk profiles and methods for assessing and monitoring risk. The classes align with management reporting. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Dollars in thousands) 
 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision (benefit) ) Foreign currency translation and other ) ) Ending balance Receivables: Ending balance At December 31, 2022, the allowance for credit losses included increases in reserves primarily due to the addition of revolving charge accounts. The Company will update the macroeconomic factors and qualitative factors in future periods, as warranted. Allowance for credit losses activity for the year ended December 31, 2021 is as follows: 

Retail Customer Wholesale Total Allowance for credit losses: Beginning balance Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Provision (benefit) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation and other Ending balance Receivables: Ending balance At December 31, 2021, the allowance for credit losses included a release of reserves primarily due to the improved outlook for the agricultural industry and a reduced expected impact on credit conditions from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Dollars in thousands) 
 Adoption of ASC 326 Beginning balance, as recast Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Provision Foreign currency translation and other Ending balance Receivables: Ending balance At December 31, 2020, the allowance for credit losses was based on the Company s expectation of deteriorating credit conditions related to the COVID-19 pandemic. The Company assesses and monitors the credit quality of its receivables based on past due information. Receivables are considered past due if the required principal and interest payments have not been received as of the date such payments were due. Delinquency is reported on receivables greater than past due. As the terms for the retail customer receivables are greater than one year, the past due information is presented by year of origination. 
 F-20 

Table of Contents CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Dollars in thousands) 
 2021 2020 2019 2018 Prior to 2018 Total Canada 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Prior to 2018 Total Revolving charge accounts United States Canada Wholesale United States Canada Total Retail customer Revolving charge accounts Wholesale 
 F-21 

Table of Contents CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Dollars in thousands) 
 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 Prior to 2016 Total Canada 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 Prior to 2016 Total Wholesale United States Canada Total Retail customer Wholesale Included in the receivables balance at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is accrued interest of and , respectively. The Company does not include accrued interest in its allowance for credit losses. Recognition of income is generally suspended when management determines that collection of future finance income is not probable or when an account becomes past due, whichever occurs first. Accrued interest is charged-off to interest income. Interest income charged-off was not material for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Interest accrual is resumed if the receivable becomes contractually current and collection becomes probable. Previously suspended income is recognized at that time. The retail customer receivables on nonaccrual status as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: Canada As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were wholesale receivables on nonaccrual status r were there any revolving charge account receivables on nonaccrual status as of December 31, 2022. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Dollars in thousands) 
 Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total equipment on operating leases, net Depreciation expense totaled , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Lease payments owed to the Company for equipment under non-cancelable operating leases (excluding deferred operating lease subsidy of as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 and thereafter Total lease payments 
 F-23 

Table of Contents CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Dollars in thousands) 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Balance, end of year Goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company performed its annual impairment review as of December 31 and concluded that there were impairments in any year. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s intangible asset and related accumulated amortization for its software is as follows: Accumulated amortization ) ) Total software, net The Company recorded amortization expense of , and during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Based on the current amount of software subject to amortization, the estimated annual amortization expense for each of the succeeding five years is as follows: in 2023; in 2024; in 2025; in 2026; and in 2027. Deferred tax assets Tax receivables Other current assets Total other assets 
 F-24 

Table of Contents CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Dollars in thousands) 
 Retail - Canada Dec 2024 Wholesale VFN - U.S. Various Wholesale VFN - Canada Dec 2024 Secured Debt Amortizing retail term ABS - N.A. Various Other ABS financing - N.A. Various Unamortized issuance costs ) ) Unsecured Facilities Revolving credit facilities Various Unamortized issuance costs ) ) Unsecured Debt Commercial paper Various Notes Various Hedging effects, discounts and unamortized issuance costs ) ) ) ) Total credit facilities and debt 

 (1) Maturity dates reflect maturities of the credit facility, which may be different than the maturities of the advances under the facility. 
 F-25 

Table of Contents CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Dollars in thousands) 
 A summary of the minimum annual repayments of long-term debt as of December 31, 2022, for 2024 and thereafter is as follows: 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total The following table summarizes the Company s credit facilities, borrowings thereunder and availability at December 31, 2021: Current Maturities of Total Short-Term Long-Term Long-Term Maturity (1) Facility/Debt Outstanding Outstanding Outstanding Available Committed Asset-Backed Facilities Retail - U.S. Sep 2023 Retail - Canada Dec 2023 Wholesale VFN - U.S. Various Wholesale VFN - Canada Dec 2023 Secured Debt Amortizing retail term ABS - N.A. Various Other ABS financing - N.A. Various Unamortized issuance costs ) ) Unsecured Facilities Revolving credit facilities Various Unamortized issuance costs ) ) Unsecured Debt Notes Various Hedging effects, discounts and unamortized issuance costs Total credit facilities and debt 

 (1) Maturity dates reflect maturities of the credit facility, which may be different than the maturities of the advances under the facility. 
 F-26 

Table of Contents CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Dollars in thousands) 
 Committed Asset-Backed Facilities The Company has access to committed asset-backed facilities with several banks through which it may sell its receivables. The Company utilizes retail facilities to fund the origination of retail notes and has exercised the option to periodically repurchase receivables and resell them in the term ABS markets (shown as Amortizing retail term ABS - N.A. or found alternative financing for the receivables. Under these facilities, the maximum amount of proceeds that can be accessed at one time is . In addition, if the receivables sold are not repurchased by the Company, the related debt is paid only as the underlying receivables are collected. Such receivables have maturities not exceeding . The Company believes it is probable that a majority of these receivables will be repurchased and resold in the ABS markets. Borrowings against these facilities accrue interest based on prevailing money market rates, plus an applicable margin. The Company finances a portion of its wholesale receivable portfolio with the issue of Variable Funding Notes VFNs which are privately subscribed by certain banks and asset-backed commercial paper conduits. These notes accrue interest based on prevailing money market rates, plus an applicable margin. Secured Debt Secured borrowings bear interest at either floating rates of SOFR plus an applicable margin or fixed rates. Unsecured Credit Line, Facilities and Debt Committed unsecured facilities with banks as of December 31, 2022, totaled . These credit facilities, which are eligible for renewal at various future dates, are used primarily for working capital and other general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding under these credit facilities. The remaining available credit commitments are maintained primarily to provide backup liquidity for commercial paper borrowings. The Company s outstanding commercial paper totaled as of December 31, 2022. notes, due 2023 notes, due 2024 notes, due 2025 notes, due 2025 notes, due 2026 notes, due 2026 Hedging, discounts and unamortized issuance costs ) Issued by CNH Industrial Capital Canada (the Canadian Senior Notes ): (2) notes, due 2024 Discounts and unamortized issuance costs ) Total 

 (1) These notes, which are senior unsecured obligations of CNH Industrial Capital LLC, are guaranteed by CNH Industrial Capital America and New Holland Credit. (2) These notes, which are senior unsecured obligations of CNH Industrial Capital Canada, are guaranteed by CNH Industrial Capital LLC, CNH Industrial Capital America and New Holland Credit. 
 
 F-27 

Table of Contents CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Dollars in thousands) 
 On May 23, 2022, CNH Industrial Capital LLC completed an offering of in aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes due 2025, with an issue price of . On October 14, 2022, CNH Industrial Capital LLC completed an offering of in aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes due 2025, with an issue price of . Covenants The indentures and credit agreements governing the Company s unsecured funding transactions contain covenants that restrict the Company s ability and/or that of its subsidiaries to, among other things, incur additional debt, make certain investments, enter into certain types of transactions with affiliates, use assets as security in other transactions, enter into sale or leaseback transactions and/or sell certain assets or merge with or into other companies. In addition, the Company is required to maintain a certain coverage level for leverage. Interest Rates The weighted-average interest rate on total short-term debt outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The weighted-average interest rate on total long-term debt (including current maturities of long-term debt) at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The average rate is calculated using the actual rates at December 31, 2022 and 2021, weighted by the amount of outstanding borrowings of each debt instrument. Support Agreement Effective as of September 29, 2013, in connection with the business combination transaction of CNH Global N.V., the former indirect parent of CNH Industrial Capital CNH Global ), with and into CNHI, CNHI assumed all of CNH Global s obligations under the support agreement, pursuant to which CNHI has agreed to, among other things, (a) make cash capital contributions to the Company, to the extent necessary to cause the ratio of net earnings available for fixed charges to fixed charges to be not less than for each fiscal quarter (with such ratio determined, on a consolidated basis and in accordance with U.S. GAAP, for such fiscal quarter and the immediately preceding fiscal quarters taken as a whole), (b) generally maintain an ownership of at least of the voting equity interests in the Company and (c) cause the Company to have, as of the end of any fiscal quarter, a consolidated tangible net worth of at least . The support agreement is not intended to be and is not a guarantee by CNHI of any indebtedness or other obligation of the Company. The obligations of CNHI to the Company pursuant to this support agreement are to the Company only and do not run to, and are not enforceable directly by, any creditor of the Company. The support agreement may be modified, amended or terminated, at CNHI s election, upon prior written notice to the Company and the rating agencies, if (a) the modification, amendment or termination would not result in a downgrade of the Company s rated indebtedness; (b) the modification, amendment or notice of termination provides that the support agreement will continue in effect with respect to the Company s rated indebtedness then outstanding; or (c) the Company has long-term rated indebtedness outstanding. 
 F-28 

Table of Contents CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Dollars in thousands) 
 Foreign Income before taxes The provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is as follows: Foreign Total current income tax expense Deferred income tax expense (benefit): Domestic ) ) ) Foreign ) Total deferred income tax expense ) ) ) Total tax provision A reconciliation of CNH s statutory and effective income tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 is as follows: State taxes Foreign taxes ) ) ) Tax contingencies Tax credits and incentives ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Total tax provision effective rate 
 The components of the Company s net deferred tax liability as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: Marketing and sales incentive programs Allowance for credit losses Other accrued liabilities Tax loss and tax credit carry forwards Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liability: Equipment on operating lease Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 
 F-29 

Table of Contents CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Dollars in thousands) 
 Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) A reconciliation of the gross amounts of unrecognized tax benefits at the beginning and end of the year is as follows: Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Reductions for tax positions of prior years Settlements ) Balance, end of year In 2021, the Company settled its position with the IRS for the tax year 2014 and 2015 audits. There is no amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the annual effective income tax rate. The Company recognizes interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recognized approximately in interest and penalties. The Company had approximately for the expected future payment of interest and penalties accrued at December 31, 2020. The Company has open tax years from 2012 to 2021. The Company does not believe the resolution of any outstanding tax examinations will have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. At December 31, 2022, there are material deferred tax liabilities on undistributed earnings of subsidiaries outside of the U.S. 
 F-30 

Table of Contents CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Dollars in thousands) 
 
 F-31 

Table of Contents CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Dollars in thousands) 
 months. As of December 31, 2022, the after-tax gains deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) that will be recognized in interest expense over the next 12 months are approximately ). The Company also enters into offsetting interest rate derivatives with substantially similar economic terms that are not designated as hedging instruments to mitigate interest rate risk related to the Company s committed asset-backed facilities. Unrealized and realized gains and losses resulting from fair value changes in these instruments are recognized directly in income and were insignificant for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. All of the Company s interest rate derivatives are considered Level 2. The fair market value of these derivatives is calculated using market data input and can be compared to actively traded derivatives. The total notional amount of the Company s interest rate derivatives was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The thirteen-month average notional amounts as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. Foreign Exchange Contracts The Company uses forward contracts to hedge certain assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. Such derivatives are considered economic hedges and are not designated as hedging instruments. The changes in the fair value of these instruments are recognized directly as income in Other expenses, net and are expected to offset the foreign exchange gains or losses on the exposures being managed. All of the Company s foreign exchange derivatives are considered Level 2 as the fair value is calculated using market data input and can be compared to actively traded derivatives. 
 F-32 

Table of Contents CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Dollars in thousands) 
 Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities: Interest rate derivatives Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments Other assets: Interest rate derivatives Foreign exchange contracts Total Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities: Interest rate derivatives Foreign exchange contracts Total Pre-tax gains (losses) on the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income related to the Company s derivatives for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are recorded in the following accounts: ) Reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss): Interest rate derivatives Interest expense to third parties ) ) Not Designated as Hedges Foreign exchange contracts Other expenses, net ) ) 
 F-33 

Table of Contents CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Dollars in thousands) 
 Foreign exchange contracts Total assets Liabilities Interest rate derivatives Foreign exchange contracts Total liabilities There were transfers between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 hierarchy levels during the periods presented. Items Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis The Company may be required, from time to time, to measure certain other financial assets at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in accordance with U.S. GAAP. These adjustments to fair value usually result from application of lower of cost or market accounting or impairment charges of individual assets. The fair market value of these assets was based on an internal valuation methodology, which used industry guide book values adjusted for recent remarketing history and was classified as Level 3 under the fair value hierarchy. The Company recorded net losses (gains) on the sale of the equipment held of ), and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and were included in Other expenses, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. Fair Value of Other Financial Instruments The carrying amount of cash, restricted cash and cash equivalents, floating-rate affiliated accounts and notes receivable, floating-rate short-term debt, interest payable and short-term affiliated debt was assumed to approximate its fair value. Under the fair value hierarchy, cash and restricted cash and cash equivalents are classified as Level 1 and the remainder of the financial instruments listed is classified as Level 2. Financial Instruments Not Carried at Fair Value The carrying amount and estimated fair value of assets and liabilities considered financial instruments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: Long-term debt 

 Under the fair value hierarchy, receivables measurements are classified as Level 3 and long-term debt measurements are classified as Level 2. 
 F-34 

Table of Contents CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Dollars in thousands) 
 Receivables The fair value of receivables was determined by discounting the estimated future payments using a discount rate which includes an estimate for credit risk. Long-term debt The fair values of long-term debt were based on current market quotes for identical or similar borrowings and credit risk. Canada Eliminations ) ) ) Total Interest expense United States Canada Eliminations ) ) ) Total Net income United States Canada Total Depreciation and amortization United States Canada Total Expenditures for equipment on operating leases United States Canada Total Provision (benefit) for credit losses United States ) Canada ) Total ) 
 F-35 

Table of Contents CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Dollars in thousands) 
 Canada Eliminations ) ) ) Total Managed receivables United States Canada Total Wholesale Operating lease Income from affiliated receivables CNH Industrial North America Banco CNH Industrial Capital Brazil Other affiliates Total interest and other income from affiliates Interest expense to affiliates was , and , respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Fees charged by affiliates were , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which amounts consist of payroll and other human resource services CNH Industrial America performs on behalf of the Company. 
 F-36 

Table of Contents CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL LLC AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) (Dollars in thousands) 
 CNH Industrial Canada Ltd. Banco CNH Industrial Capital Brazil Other affiliates Total affiliated receivables Affiliated debt CNH Industrial America 2023 CNH Industrial Canada Ltd. 2023 Other affiliates 2023 2022 Total affiliated debt Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities, including tax payables, of and were payable to related parties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. . The guarantees are in effect for the term of the underlying funding facilities. Commitments As of December 31, 2022, the Company had various agreements, on an uncommitted basis, to extend credit for the following portfolios: Revolving charge accounts 
 F-37 

<EX-10.2>
 2
 tmb-20221231xex10d2.htm
 EX-10.2

EXHIBIT 10.2 FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED WHOLESALE AND PARTS CNHi CAPITAL FINANCING AGREEMENT THIS FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED WHOLESALE AND PARTS CNHi CAPITAL FINANCING AGREEMENT is made effective as of the 31 st day of December, 2017 by CNH Industrial America, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company CNHi America and CNH Industrial Capital America LLC, a Delaware limited liability company CNHi Capital ). WHEREAS, CNHi America sells parts, supplies, inventory, equipment and other goods and services to dealers and distributors of agricultural, construction and industrial goods; WHEREAS, CNHi Capital has made loans to dealers to finance their purchase of parts, supplies, inventory, equipment and other goods and services from CNHi America; WHEREAS, CNHi America and CNHi Capital desire to modify the financing accommodations provided under this Agreement with respect to the parts, supplies, inventory, equipment and other goods and services sold by CNHi America to said dealers in the future; WHEREAS, CNHi America was formerly known as Case, LLC, and is the successor in interest to New Holland North America, Inc. NHNA WHEREAS, CNHi Capital is the successor in interest to New Holland Credit Company LLC NHCC under that certain Wholesale and Retail Credit Financing Agreement between NHCC and NHNA, dated as of April 30, 1991 (the Original Agreement ), as previously amended by the terms of that certain Amended and Restated Wholesale and Parts Credit Financing Agreement dated as of July 1, 2003, that certain Second Amended and Restated Wholesale and Parts Credit Financing Agreement dated as of September 30, 2003 and that certain Third Amended and Restated Wholesale and Parts Credit Financing Agreement dated December 31, 2004 (the NH Agreements WHEREAS, CNHi America and CNHi Capital are parties to that certain Wholesale and Parts CNH Capital Financing Agreement between CNHi Capital (as successor in interest to Case Credit Corporation) and CNHi America dated as of July 1, 2003, as previously amended by the terms of that certain Amended and Restated Wholesale and Parts CNH Capital Financing Agreement dated as of September 30, 2003, that certain Second Amended and Restated Wholesale and Parts CNH Capital Financing Agreement dated December 31, 2004, and that certain Third Amended and Restated Wholesale and Parts CNH Capital Financing Agreement dated November 3, 2011 (the Case Agreements and WHEREAS, CNHi America and CNHi Capital desire to amend and restate the NH Agreements and the Case Agreements. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows: ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS Unless otherwise defined in this Agreement, capitalized terms shall have the meaning given them in this Article. Agreement means this Fourth Amended and Restated Wholesale and Parts CNHi Capital Financing Agreement. Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day CNHi Capital observes as a holiday. Capital Default means a default by a Dealer pursuant to a CNHi Capital Financing Agreement. CNHi America Dealer Agreement means the Sales and Service Agreement or other similar agreement between CNHi America and a Dealer pursuant to which CNHi America sells CNHi America Parts and Wholegoods to the Dealer. 
 1 

CNHi America Parts and Wholegoods means parts, supplies, inventory, equipment and other goods and services sold to Dealers by CNHi America, whether branded Case, Case IH, New Holland, New Holland Construction or under any other brand owned by or licensed to CNHi America and its affiliates, and includes, without limitation, replacement parts, attachments, supplies, garments, premiums, tooling, display cases, computers, software, flags, banners, posters, yellow page listings, training, warranty claims and any other services provided by CNHi America. CNHi America Sales Incentive shall have the meaning given it in Article IV. CNHi America Subsidy shall have the meaning given it in Section 3.2. CNHi Capital Financing Agreement means any financing and/or security agreement or other similar agreement between CNHi Capital and a Dealer (including, without limitation, any financing or security agreement assigned to CNHi Capital by CNHi America or NHCC) pursuant to which CNHi Capital extends credit to or for the benefit of the Dealer and/or the Dealer grants CNHi Capital a security interest in any of the Dealer s assets. Dealer means a dealer authorized by CNHi America to sell or distribute any goods manufactured, sold or distributed by CNHi America and its affiliates and which has executed a CNHi America Dealer Agreement. Dealer Termination shall mean the termination in accordance with the terms and conditions of the CNH Dealer Agreement by CNHi America or a Dealer of the CNHi America Dealer Agreement. Manufacturer Default means a default by a Dealer pursuant to a CNHi America Dealer Agreement. Open Account means an account established for a Dealer by CNHi Capital pursuant to which CNHi Capital finances parts and other miscellaneous items or services sold to the Dealer. Open Account Balance means, as to any Open Account, the balance owing to CNHi Capital by the Dealer, including interest and other changes, less any amount owing to the Dealer as a credit. Open Account Credit Line means the maximum dollar amount of financing that CNHi Capital will finance for a Dealer pursuant to a Open Account. Open Account Terms means the terms under which CNHi America sells parts and other miscellaneous items or services (excluding wholegoods) to Dealers and pursuant to which CNHi Capital finances such goods for the Dealers, as modified from time to time. Repurchase Event shall mean the occurrence of a Capital Default or a Dealer Termination. Trade-In Equipment means (a) used equipment that is accepted in partial payment in connection with the sale or lease of a new item of CNHi America equipment or (b) any equipment that is in a trade-in chain that relates back to the sale or lease of a new item of CNHi America equipment. Wholesale Credit Line means the maximum dollar amount of CNHi America wholegoods and parts inventory that CNHi Capital will consider financing for a Dealer. Wholesale Finance Plan means a plan established by CNHi Capital, as modified from time to time in consultation with CNHi America, setting forth the terms and conditions of the wholesale financing for Dealers. 
 2 

ARTICLE II WHOLESALE FINANCING 2.1 Applications . CNHi America shall provide to CNHi Capital such credit information, completed application forms and any and all other information and documents requested by CNHi Capital (in a format to be prescribed by CNHi Capital from time to time) to enable CNHi Capital to evaluate any request by a Dealer for a Wholesale Credit Line. CNHi America agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to assure that all information provided by it to CNHi Capital will be accurate and complete. 2.2 Credit Decisions . CNHi Capital shall apply reasonable credit standards in determining the creditworthiness of Dealers. CNHi Capital shall strive to respond to credit applications within two (2) weeks following receipt of all requested information and material. If CNHi Capital conditions or rejects a Dealer application, CNHi Capital shall provide to CNHi America and, as required by applicable law, to the applicant, the reasons for such conditioning or rejection. 2.3 Wholesale Credit Lines; Terms and Conditions of Financing . CNHi Capital shall, in its sole discretion, establish for each Dealer the initial Wholesale Credit Lines for each Dealer and, from time to time, review such lines to be made available to each Dealer under the terms hereof. CNHi Capital may, at its sole discretion, establish all of the terms and conditions relating to the financing of Dealers, including, without limitation, the amounts to be advanced and the interest rates to be charged to Dealers on financing provided by CNHi Capital. CNHi Capital, at its sole discretion, may reduce, suspend, otherwise modify or terminate any Dealer s Wholesale Credit Line and may amend or modify the terms and conditions of financing provided by CNHi Capital. 2.4 CNHi America Wholegoods Financing Eligibility . The terms and conditions of CNHi America wholesale financing for Dealers shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Wholesale Finance Plan as established and amended by CNHi Capital from time to time. Without limiting the foregoing: (a) New Equipment . New Case, CaselH, New Holland and New Holland Construction brand equipment or other equipment with brands owned by or licensed to CNHi America will be eligible for wholesale financing in an amount equal to the invoice price thereof plus freight and/or sundry charges. (b) Trade-In Equipment . Trade-In equipment will be eligible for wholesale financing in an amount determined from time-to-time by CNHi America and notified in writing to CNHi Capital, as long as the amount financed is not greater than market value. The minimum amount financed will be 1,500. 2.5 Advances, Creation and Ownership of Receivables. Except as otherwise provided in Article VI, within 3 Business Days of receipt of an invoice from CNHi America representing the sale of CNHi America Parts or Wholegoods or other goods or services to a Dealer that (i) have been delivered or provided to a Dealer, or (ii) are In transit to a Dealer, CNHi Capital shall pay the amount of said invoice to CNHi America in immediately available funds. CNHi Capital may net against such advances any amounts due it pursuant to this Agreement, including, without limitation, all CNHi America Sales Incentives and any CNHi America Subsidy; provided, however, that as between CNHi America and the applicable Dealer, any amounts so deducted by CNHi Capital shall be deemed to have been received by CNHi America and the Dealer s obligations in respect of the related invoice shall be reduced in a like amount. CNHi America and CNHi Capital intend that each payment made by CNHi Capital pursuant to the first sentence of this Section 2.5 shall constitute an advance by CNHi Capital to the applicable Dealer, the proceeds of which are paid by CNHi Capital to CNHi America on behalf of that Dealer to pay the purchase price of the CNHi America Parts or Wholegoods or other goods or services. Upon such payment, a receivable owing by the applicable Dealer to CNHi Capital arises, and such receivable is owned by CNHi Capital, not by CNHi America. To the extent that, notwithstanding the parties intent as stated above, CNHi America is deemed to own any such receivable (and to the extent CNHi America owns any similar receivables as to which it has received an advance from CNHi Capital), CNHi America hereby sells, assigns, transfers and otherwise conveys to CNHi Capital all of CNHi America s right, title and interest in and to such receivables, any collateral security therefore, any related guaranties or other support obligations and any proceeds of any of the foregoing. CNHi Capital is authorized to file appropriate Uniform Commercial Code financing statements to perfect the foregoing grant and to take all actions necessary from time to time to continue the perfection of such grant. 2.6 CNHi America Representations and Warranties; Indemnification . With respect to each invoice submitted by CNHi America to CNHi Capital for financing, and each advance made by CNHi Capital with respect thereto, CNHi 
 3 

America represents and warrants that (a) it has complied and will comply with its policy regarding the recognition of revenue for the sale of CNHi America Parts or Wholegoods and that it has satisfied the conditions precedent therein CNHi America Revenue Policy ), (b) it has complied and will comply with all applicable CNHi Capital policies, guidelines procedures (collectively the CNHi Capital Policy and (c) that the invoice represents a valid and enforceable obligation of the related Dealer that is not subject to any dispute, counterclaim or right of setoff of any kind or nature. In the event a Dealer disputes in whole or in part the validity or enforceability of the invoice or the amount of the obligation of the Dealer represented thereby, CNHi America agrees to resolve such dispute with the Dealer within 60 days of its receipt of notice from CNHi Capital of the existence of such dispute. In the event CNHi America (a) fails to comply or satisfy the conditions precedent for the recognition of revenue as set forth in the CNHi America Revenue Policy as it exists as of the date of this Agreement, or (b) fails to comply with the CNHi Capital Policy, or (c) resolve such disputes within such 60-day period or CNHi America, CNHi America agrees to make an indemnity payment to CNHi Capital in the amount of the then outstanding principal plus accrued interest, if any, owed by the Dealer. CNHi Capital may deduct such amounts from monies otherwise payable by CNHi Capital to CNHi America hereunder. ARTICLE III WHOLESALE FINANCE CHARGES 3.1 Subsidized Dealer Financing . CNHi America shall establish from time to time the applicable period during which its Dealers are eligible to receive interest-free or reduced-rate financing for the purchase of CNHi America Parts and Wholegoods. 3.2 CNHi America Subsidy . In exchange for CNHi Capital s agreement to provide interest-free or reduced-rate financing to the Dealer during such period described in Section 3.1, CNHi America shall pay CNHi Capital a subsidy (the CNHi America Subsidy ). The CNHi America Subsidy shall be calculated by CNHi Capital at its sole discretion. 3.3 Dealer Responsibility . CNHi Capital shall establish from time to time interest rates and other charges applicable to financing and other services extended to Dealers under the Open Account and Wholesale Finance Plan terms. CNHi Capital shall bill and collect directly from Dealers finance charges for which they are responsible. ARTICLE IV SALES INCENTIVES From time to time CNHi America may offer incentives to Dealers that require a payment to the Dealer from CNHi America upon the Dealer s sale or lease of an item of equipment (a CNHi America Sales Incentive ). CNHi Capital may accept an assignment from Dealers of their rights in such CNHi America Sales Incentives, and, upon receipt thereof, CNHi Capital may apply such amounts to reduce the amounts due from Dealers to CNHi Capital with respect to wholesale financing of such items of equipment. CNHi America shall be solely responsible for resolving any and all disputes with Dealers relating to such CNHi America Sales Incentives. ARTICLE V WHOLESALE AUDITS 5.1 Physical Audits . CNHi Capital shall conduct dealer inventory audits of equipment and parts covered by wholesale financing for Dealers. The frequency of conducting such audits shall be determined by CNHi Capital in its sole discretion. Such audits shall include CNHi America equipment that is on demonstration to prospective customers of a Dealer and equipment subject to any rental plan. 5.2 Audit Reports . CNHi Capital shall prepare reports, including the location and status of equipment and/or parts, as appropriate, with respect to each inspection and audit of the Dealer, and CNHi Capital shall provide copies of such audit reports to CNHi America upon written request. 
 4 

ARTICLE VI CREDIT WATCH AND STOP SHIP STATUS 6.1 Credit Watch Status . Upon a Capital Default, or if for any reason CNHi Capital deems itself insecure with respect to financing being provided to a Dealer, CNHi Capital may place such Dealer on a status of Credit Watch. CNHi Capital will provide prompt oral and written notification to CNHi America of such Credit Watch status. CNHi Capital shall advise CNHi America of the reason for any Credit Watch status and actions necessary to remove the Credit Watch status. Upon notice of any Credit Watch, all future wholegoods shipments to the affected Dealer must be approved in advance by CNHi Capital. 6.2 Open Account Stop Ship Status . Upon a Capital Default, or if for any reason CNHi Capital deems itself insecure with respect to financing being provided to a Dealer, CNHi Capital may place Dealer s Open Account on Stop Ship status. CNHi Capital will provide prompt oral and written notification to CNHi America of such Stop Ship status. CNHi Capital shall advise CNHi America of the reason for any Stop Ship status and actions necessary to reinstate CNHi America Open Account Terms. Upon notification of such Stop Ship status, CNHi America shall not ship any additional parts to the affected Dealer, or invoice any other miscellaneous charges to the affected Dealer s open account. 6.3 Indemnification . In the event CNHi America breaches any of the terms of its agreement set forth in Sections 6.1 or 6.2 above, CNHi America agrees to indemnify CNHi Capital for any and all loss, cost, damage or expense suffered by CNHi Capital as a result of such breach, including, without limitation, any loss of principal or interest for CNHi Capital arising as a result of such breach. ARTICLE VII CNHI AMERICA WHOLEGOODS AND PARTS REPURCHASE 7.1 Dealer Termination; Manufacturer Default . CNHi America shall provide CNHi Capital with as much advance notice as possible of the occurrence of a Dealer Termination. CNHi America shall also provide CNHi Capital with oral and written notice of the occurrence of a Manufacturer Default. Upon the occurrence of a Repurchase Event, CNHi America shall assist CNHi Capital in the liquidation of the affected Dealer s assets securing financing provided by CNHi Capital, and shall repurchase certain wholegoods and parts of the affected Dealer, all as herein provided. 7.2 Joint Audit . Within 3 Business Days (or such longer periods as may be mutually agreed by CNHi America and CNHi Capital) following the occurrence of a Repurchase Event, CNHi America and CNHi Capital will conduct a joint audit of the Dealer. A written report shall be prepared immediately and signed by representatives of both CNHi America and CNHi Capital. 7.3 Possession of CNHi America Parts and Wholegoods . Upon the occurrence of a Repurchase Event, CNHi America and CNHi Capital shall attempt to obtain the Dealer s consent to remove all CNHi America Parts and Wholegoods and other collateral in which CNHi Capital holds a security interest. If the Dealer refuses to surrender possession of the same, CNHi Capital, at its expense, shall take such legal action as may be necessary to effect possession. CNHi America shall promptly accept all CNHi America Parts and Wholegoods when they have been made unconditionally available to CNHi America by CNHi Capital if such acceptance is required under applicable buy-back law or any agreement between CNHi America and such Dealer. CNHi America shall promptly, at its sole expense, remove all such CNHi America Parts and Wholegoods from the Dealer s location. 7.4 Purchase by CNHi America of Parts . With respect to any new CNHi America parts made available to CNHi America that (i) are required to be repurchased from the Dealer by CNHi America under an applicable buy-back law or any agreement between CNHi America and such Dealer, and (ii) the proceeds of which are necessary to clear the obligations of the Dealer to CNHi Capital (or its assigns) in whole or in part, CNHi America shall, upon the occurrence of a Repurchase Event, purchase such CNHi America parts and pay to CNHi Capital, as owner of the obligations of the Dealer with respect to such items of CNHi America parts (or as servicer for the owner), an amount equal to the lesser of a) the unpaid balance (including interest, charges, etc.) due from the Dealer on the date of repossession and b) the amount CNHi America is required to pay Dealer to repurchase the CNHi America Parts under applicable law or CNHi America s agreement(s) with the Dealer. Such amount shall be paid to CNHi Capital within 30 days following the date on which CNHi Capital makes such parts available to CNHi America. 
 5 

7.5 Marketing of CNHi America Parts . With respect to all parts not covered by Section 7.4 above CNHi America will cooperate with CNHi Capital as requested in the sale thereof in a commercially reasonable manner on behalf of CNHi Capital, as owner or servicer of the related obligations. CNHi America shall promptly deliver to CNHi Capital the proceeds of such sale, less such out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with such sale as agreed to in writing by CNHi America and CNHi Capital. 7.6 Wholegoods Repurchase by CNHi America . With respect to new, unused, resalable CNHi America wholegoods made available to CNHi America that (i) are required to be repurchased from the Dealer by CNHi America under an applicable buy-back law or any agreement between CNHi America and such Dealer, and (ii) the proceeds of which are necessary to clear the obligations of the Dealer to CNHi Capital (or its assigns) in whole or in part, CNHi America shall, upon the occurrence of a Repurchase Event, pay to CNHi Capital, as owner of the obligations of the Dealer to CNHi Capital with respect thereto (or as servicer for such owner) an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the unpaid balance due from the Dealer on the date of repossession, and (b) the amount CNHi America is required to pay Dealer to repurchase the CNHi America wholegoods under applicable law or CNHi America s agreement(s) with the Dealer. Such amount shall be paid to CNHi Capital within 30 days following the date on which CNHi Capital makes such wholegoods available to CNHi America. 7.7 Marketing of Equipment . With respect to all items of equipment not covered by Section 7.6 above , CNHi America will cooperate with CNHi Capital as requested in the sale thereof in a commercially reasonable manner on behalf of CNHi Capital, as owner or servicer of the related obligations. CNHi America shall promptly deliver to CNHi Capital the proceeds of such sale, less such out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with such sale as agreed to in writing by CNHi America and CNHi Capital. 7.8 Collection Cooperation . Each of CNHi Capital and CNHi America shall cooperate in the other s efforts to collect amounts due from Dealers following recovery of possession and disposition of CNHi America Parts and Wholegoods financed pursuant to this Agreement. 7.9 Compliance with Buy-Back Laws . Nothing herein shall be construed as CNHi Capital s assumption of obligations arising under (a) federal or state buyback law, or any rules, regulations and court decisions thereunder, or (b) any agreements between a Dealer and CNHi America regarding any buy-backs by CNHi America. CNHi America shall at all times ensure that the activities undertaken pursuant to this Article are in compliance with such laws, regulations/rules, and agreements. 7.10 Return Administration . Promptly upon the occurrence of a Repurchase Event, CNHi America shall be responsible for causing the affected Dealer to produce picking tickets and reports necessary for the Identification of CNHi America parts to be repossessed or that are voluntarily returned by a Dealer (after Dealer Default or otherwise), and shall be responsible for valuing and determining the eligibility for return of all CNHi America Parts. ARTICLE VIII CNHi AMERICA GUARANTY OBLIGATIONS CNHi America hereby guarantees all obligations, including the payment of finance charges, of a Dealer to CNHi Capital with respect to the following: (a) CNHi America Parts and Wholegoods sold or otherwise disposed of by the Dealer prior to the CNHi America invoice date therefor; and (b) All CNHi America Parts and Wholegoods with respect to which CNHi America failed to comply with its obligations under Sections 7.4 and 7.6 hereof. CNHi America agrees to purchase from CNHi Capital, upon demand, all obligations of the Dealer with respect to financing guaranteed by CNHi America pursuant to Article VIII. 
 6 

ARTICLE IX BOOKS, RECORDS AND REPORTS CNHi America shall maintain books of account and other records with respect to matters governed by the provisions of this Agreement. CNHi America shall afford CNHi Capital and its authorized agents reasonable access during normal business hours to such books of account and other records and CNHi America shall cause its personnel to assist in any examination thereof. Any examination will be conducted in a manner that does not unreasonably interfere with normal business operations or customer or employee relations. ARTICLE X DEFAULT The following shall constitute an event of default Event of Default hereunder 10.1 Bankruptcy . If with respect to either CNHi America or CNHi Capital there shall be the commencement, voluntary or involuntary, of any case, proceeding or other action (i) under any existing or future law of any jurisdiction, domestic or foreign, relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or relief of debtors, seeking to have an order for relief entered with respect to such party, or seeking to adjudicate such party as bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, winding-up, liquidation, dissolution, composition or other relief with respect to such party or its debts, or seeking appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for such party or any substantial part of its assets which remains undismissed, undischarged or unbonded for a period of 60 days from the entry thereof; or (ii) by or against such party of any case, proceeding or other action seeking issuance of a warrant of attachment, execution, distraint or similar process against all or any substantial part of its assets which results in the entry of any order or any such relief which shall not have been vacated, discharged, stayed or bonded pending appeal within 60 days from the entry thereof; or, (iii) by such party in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the acts set forth above; In addition, the failure or inability of such party generally to, or the admission in writing by such party of its inability to, pay its debts as they become due shall be an Event of Default. 10.2 Agreements . If either CNHi America or CNHi Capital shall materially violate any covenant or agreement contained herein or in any other agreement between the parties and such violation remains uncured for 30 days following Notice by the other party, with a demand to cure the noted violation. ARTICLE XI TERM AND TERMINATION 11.1 Default . This Agreement may be terminated by either party upon Notice to the other party upon the occurrence of an Event of Default with respect to the other party. 11.2 Initial Term, Continuation; Termination Notice . The initial term of this Agreement ends on December 31, 2018 (the Initial Term ). Thereafter, this Agreement shall continue for additional one year terms and after the Initial Term either party may terminate this Agreement upon 90 days prior written Notice to the other party. 11.3 Survival of Rights . The termination of this Agreement shall not modify or affect the rights or obligations of either party hereunder with respect to any financing extended by CNHi Capital prior to the effective date of termination. ARTICLE XII EFFECTIVE DATE The rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall be effective as of the date hereof, and shall apply with respect to any and all financing now or hereafter extended by CNHi Capital under the NH Agreements, the Case Agreements and/or this Agreement. 
 7 

ARTICLE XIII EXCLUSIVITY During the term of this Agreement CNHi America will not offer and will not participate with or assist any other person or entity in offering financial services of the type covered by this Agreement. ARTICLE XIV GENERAL PROVISIONS 14.1 Notices . Except as otherwise provided herein, all notices, requests, consents, approvals or other communications hereunder (collectively Notices shall be in writing in the English language, shall be delivered by hand or sent by registered mail postage prepaid, by air courier delivery service or by facsimile transmission addressed as follows (or to such other person or destination as a party may be notice to the other indicate): If to CNHi Capital: CNH Industrial Capital America LLC 5729 Washington Ave. Racine, WI 53406 Fax: (262) 636-5771 Attn: Director Commercial Lending If to CNHi America: CNH Industrial America LLC 700 State Street Racine, WI 53403 Fax 262-636-5651 Attn: Office of the General Counsel All such Notices and communications hereunder shall be deemed given when received, as evidenced by the acknowledgement of receipt issued with respect thereto by the applicable postal authorities, or the signed acknowledgement of receipt of the person to whom such Notice or communication shall have been addressed, or facsimile transmission answerback, as applicable. 14.2 Governing Law and Venue . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Wisconsin, without regard to any conflicts of law doctrine that would apply any other jurisdiction s law. 14.3 Entire Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall be deemed to amend and supersede all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, negotiations and discussions between the parties, whether oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof, including, without limitation, the NH Agreements and the Case Agreements. 14.4 Modifications and Amendments . No amendment, modification, waiver or termination of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the parties hereto. 14.5 Waivers and Extensions . Any party to this Agreement may waive any right, breach, or default which such party has the right to waive, provided that such waiver will not be effective against the waiving party unless it is in writing, is signed by such party, and specifically refers to this Agreement. Waivers may be made in advance or after the right waived has arisen or the breach or default waived has occurred. Any waiver may be conditional. No waiver of any breach of any agreement or provision herein contained shall be deemed a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach thereof nor of any other agreement or provision herein contained. No waiver or extension of time for performance of any obligations or acts shall be deemed a waiver or extension of the time for performance of any other obligations or acts. 
 8 

14.6 Titles and Headings . Titles and headings of sections of this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction of any provision of this Agreement. 14.7 Successors and Assigns . This Agreement and the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of each of the parties and their respective permitted successors and assigns. 14.8 Assignment; No Third Party Beneficiaries . This Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations hereunder may not be assigned or delegated by either party without the prior written consent of the other party Any assignment or delegation of rights, duties or obligations hereunder made without the prior written consent of the other party hereto shall be void and of no effect. This Agreement is not intended to confer any rights or benefits on any persons other than the parties hereto. 14.9 Severability . Any provision of this Agreement which is found to be invalid or unenforceable by any court in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or non-enforceability, and shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof. 14.10 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

CNH Industrial America LLC CNH Industrial Capital America LLC By: /s/ Richard Konrath By: /s/ Douglas MacLeod Name: Richard Konrath Name: Douglas MacLeod (Printed) (Printed) Title: Vice President General Counsel Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 
 9 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 3
 tmb-20221231xex10d3.htm
 EX-10.3

EXHIBIT 10.3 SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED WHOLESALE AND PARTS CNHi CAPITAL FINANCING AGREEMENT THIS SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED WHOLESALE AND PARTS CNHi CAPITAL FINANCING AGREEMENT is made as of this 31 st day of December, 2017 by CNH Industrial Canada, Ltd., a Canada corporation CNHi and CNH Industrial Capital Canada Ltd., an Alberta corporation CNHi Capital ). WHEREAS, CNHi sells parts, supplies, inventory, equipment and other goods and services to Dealers and distributors of agricultural, construction and industrial goods; and WHEREAS, CNHi Capital has made loans to Dealers to finance their purchase of parts, supplies, inventory, equipment and other goods and services from CNHi; and WHEREAS, CNHi desires to obtain financing accommodations for Dealers with respect to the CNHi Parts and Wholegoods it sells to Dealers in the future; and WHEREAS, CNHi Capital wishes to provide such financing accommodations; and WHEREAS, Case Credit Ltd. and CNHi entered into that Wholesale and Parts Credit Financing Agreement dated July 22, 2004 (the Original Agreement )as amended; and WHEREAS, CNHi Capital is the successor by conversion of Case Credit Ltd. and the successor in interest to New Holland (Canada) Credit Company NHCC ), a partnership between Case Credit Ltd. and CNH Canada Ltd. pursuant to the that Partnership Interest Purchase Agreement dated May 1, 2005; and WHEREAS, CNHi and CNHi Capital are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Wholesale and Parts CNH Capital Financing Agreement dated November 3, 2011 (the Amended and Restated Agreement and WHEREAS, CNHi and CNHi Capital desire to amend and restate the Amended and Restated Agreement in order to, among other things, modify the financing accommodations provided under the Original Agreement with respect to the parts, supplies, inventory, equipment and other goods and services sold by CNHi to said dealers in the future; and NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows: ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS Unless otherwise defined in this Agreement and the recitals hereto, capitalized terms shall have the meaning given them in this Article and in the CNHi Assignment. Advance has the meaning given it in Section 2.5(b). Agreement means this Second Amended and Restated Wholesale and Parts CNHi Capital Financing Agreement, as the same may be further amended, restated, modified or supplemented from time to time. Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day CNHi Capital observes as a holiday. Capital Default means a default by a Dealer pursuant to a CNHi Dealer Agreement. CNHi Assignment has the meaning given to it in Section 2.5(e). CNHi Capital Receivable has the meaning given to it in Section 2.5(c). 

CNHi Dealer Agreement means the Sales and Service Agreement or other similar agreement between CNHi and a Dealer pursuant to which CNHi sells CNHi Parts and Wholegoods to the Dealer. CNHi Parts and Wholegoods means parts, supplies, inventory, equipment and other goods and services sold to Dealers by CNHi, whether branded Case, Case IH, New Holland, New Holland Construction or under any other brand owned by or licensed to CNHi and its affiliates, and includes, without limitation, replacement parts, attachments, supplies, garments, premiums, tooling, display cases, computers, software, flags, banners, posters, yellow page listings, training, warranty claims and any other services provided by CNHi. CNHi Receivable has the meaning given it in Section 2.5(a). CNHi Sales Incentive shall have the meaning given it in Article 4. CNHi Subsidy shall have the meaning given it in Section 3.2. Collateral Security means with respect to any Receivable: (a) the related Invoice, and (b) the Security Interest of CNHi in the related CNHi Parts and Wholegoods (granted under the related Invoice or otherwise) securing the CNHi Receivable. Dealer means a dealer authorized by CNHi to sell or distribute any goods manufactured, sold or distributed by CNHi and its affiliates and which has executed a CNHi Dealer Agreement. Dealer Termination shall mean the termination in accordance with the terms and conditions of the CNHi Dealer Agreement by CNHi or a Dealer of the CNHi Dealer Agreement. Invoice has the meaning given it in Section 2.5(a). Manufacturer Default means a default by a Dealer pursuant to a CNHi Dealer Agreement. Non-Quebec Dealer has the meaning given to it in Section 2.5(b). Open Account means an account established for a Dealer by CNHi Capital pursuant to which CNHi Capital finances parts and other miscellaneous items or services sold to the Dealer. Open Account Balance means, as to any Open Account, the balance owing to CNHi Capital by the Dealer, including interest and other charges, less any amount owing to the Dealer as a credit. Open Account Credit Line means the maximum dollar amount of financing that CNHi Capital will finance for a Dealer pursuant to an Open Account. Open Account Terms means the terms under which CNHi sells parts and other miscellaneous items or services (excluding wholegoods) to Dealers and pursuant to which CNHi Capital finances such goods for the Dealers, as modified from time to time. Purchase Price has the meaning given it in Section 2.5(c). Quebec Dealer has the meaning given it in Section 2.5(c). Receivable means CNHi Capital Receivables, including all CNHi Receivables which become or are to become CNHi Capital Receivables under Section 2.5. Repurchase Event shall mean the occurrence of a Capital Default or a Dealer Termination. Securitization Agreements has the meaning given to it in Section 2.5(f). Securitized Receivables has the meaning given to it in Section 2.5(f). 
 2 

Security Interest means any security interest, mortgage, hypothec, reservation of ownership, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), preference, participation interest, prior claim, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever, and includes any reservation of ownership or retention of title created under a Wholesale Finance Plan with a Quebec Dealer or under an Invoice. Trade-In Equipment means (a) used equipment that is accepted in partial payment in connection with the Dealer s sale or lease of a new item of equipment, or (b) any equipment that is in a trade-in chain that relates back to the sale or lease of a new item of CNHi equipment. Wholesale Credit Line means the maximum dollar amount of CNHi wholegoods and parts inventory that CNHi Capital will consider financing for a Dealer. Wholesale Finance Plan means a plan established by CNHi Capital, as modified from time to time in consultation with CNHi, setting forth the terms and conditions of the wholesale financing for Dealers. ARTICLE 2 WHOLESALE FINANCING 2.1 Applications CNHi shall provide to CNHi Capital such credit information, completed application forms and any and all other information and documents requested by CNHi Capital from time to time to enable CNHi Capital to evaluate any request by a Dealer for a Wholesale Credit Line. CNHi agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to assure that all information provided by it to CNHi Capital will be accurate and complete. 2.2 Credit Decisions CNHi Capital shall apply reasonable credit standards in determining the creditworthiness of Dealers. CNHi Capital shall strive to respond to credit applications within two (2) weeks following receipt of all requested information and material. If CNHi Capital conditions or rejects a Dealer application, CNHi Capital shall provide to CNHi and, as required by applicable law, to the applicant, the reasons for such conditioning or rejection. 2.3 Wholesale Credit Lines; Terms and Conditions of Financing CNHi Capital shall, in its sole discretion, establish for each Dealer the initial Wholesale Credit Lines for each Dealer and, from time to time, review such lines to be made available to each Dealer under the terms hereof. CNHi Capital may, at its sole discretion, establish all of the terms and conditions relating to the financing of Dealers, including, without limitation, the amounts to be advanced and the interest rates to be charged to Dealers on financing provided by CNHi Capital. CNHi Capital, at its sole discretion, may reduce, suspend, otherwise modify or terminate any Dealer s Wholesale Credit Line and may amend or modify the terms and conditions of financing provided by CNHi Capital. 2.4 CNHi Parts and Wholegoods Financing Eligibility The terms and conditions of CNHi wholesale financing for Dealers shall be subject to the provisions of the Wholesale Finance Plan as established and amended by CNHi Capital from time to time. Without limiting the foregoing: (a) New CNHi Parts and Wholegoods . New Case, CaseIH, New Holland and New Holland Construction brand equipment or other equipment with brands owned by or licensed to CNHi will be eligible for wholesale financing in an amount equal to the invoice price thereof plus freight, handling, taxes and/or sundry charges. (b) Trade-In Equipment . Trade-In Equipment will be eligible for wholesale financing in an amount determined from time-to-time by CNHi and notified in writing to CNHi Capital, as long as the amount financed plus freight, handling, taxes and/or sundry charges is not greater than market value. The minimum amount financed will be CDN 1,500. 
 3 

2.5 Advances; Creation, Purchase and Ownership of Receivables (a) Except as otherwise provided in Article 6, within 3 Business Days of receipt of an invoice from CNHi representing the sale of CNHi Parts or Wholegoods or other goods or services to a Dealer (in each case, an Invoice that (i) have been delivered or provided to a Dealer or (ii) are in transit to a Dealer, CNHi Capital shall pay the amount of said invoice to CNHi in immediately available funds the amounts due or owing by the Dealer under the Invoice (collectively, the CNHi Receivable ). CNHi Capital may net against such advances any amounts due it pursuant to this Agreement, including, without limitation, all CNHi Sales Incentives and any CNHi Subsidy; provided, however, that as between CNHi and the applicable Dealer, any amounts so deducted by CNHi Capital shall be deemed to have been received by CNHi and the Dealer s obligations in respect of the related invoice shall be reduced in a like amount. (b) As provided in the related Wholesale Finance Plans, CNHi and CNHi Capital intend that each payment made by CNHi Capital to CNHi for in respect of a CNHi Receivable shall constitute: (i) in the case of a CNHi Receivable and Invoice arising from the sale of CNHi Parts and Wholegoods made by CNHi to a Dealer located in the provinces or territories of Canada other than the Province of Quebec (a Non-Quebec Dealer ), an advance by CNHi Capital to the applicable Non-Quebec Dealer (an Advance in an amount equal to the aggregate outstanding balance of the CNHi Receivable, the proceeds of which Advance are paid by CNHi Capital to CNHi on behalf of that Non-Quebec Dealer to pay the purchase price of the related CNHi Parts and Wholegoods; and (ii) in the case of a CNHi Receivable and Invoice arising from the sale of CNHi Parts and Wholegoods made by CNHi to a Dealer located in the Province of Quebec (a Quebec Dealer ), payment of the purchase price of the CNHi Receivable and the related Invoice, which purchase price shall be equal to the aggregate outstanding balance of the CNHi Receivable (a Purchase Price ). (c) Upon making an Advance and paying the proceeds of the Advance to CNHi (net of any amounts that CNHi Capital is entitled to deduct pursuant to Section 2.5(a)): (i) a receivable (a CNHi Capital Receivable in the amount of the Advance becomes owing by the applicable Non-Quebec Dealer to CNHi Capital, (ii) such CNHi Capital Receivable (including all terms and conditions of or applicable to the CNHi Capital Receivable and the Invoice pursuant to the Wholesale Finance Plan and all other amounts due and owing thereunder and all rights to payment thereof or thereunder (including interest thereon in accordance with the Wholesale Finance Plan) is governed by the Wholesale Finance Plan, (iii) the CNHi Capital Receivable is owned by CNHi Capital, not by CNHi, (iv) the CNHi Capital Receivable shall be secured by a purchase money security interest in the CNHi Parts and Wholegoods financed under the CNHi Capital Receivable, and (v) the CNHi Receivable owing by the Non-Quebec Dealer to CNHi is extinguished. (d) Upon payment by CNHi Capital to CNHi of the Purchase Price of a CNHi Receivable owing by a Quebec Dealer to CNHi (net of any amounts that CNHi Capital is entitled to deduct pursuant to Section 2.5(a)): (i) all right, title and interest of CNHi in and to the CNHi Receivable and the related Collateral Security (including all terms and conditions of or applicable to the CNHi Receivable and the Invoice pursuant to the Wholesale Finance Plan and all other amounts due and owing thereunder and all rights to payment thereof or thereunder (including interest thereon in accordance with the Wholesale Finance Plan) and any and all proceeds thereof shall thereupon be sold, assigned, transferred and otherwise conveyed by CNHi to CNHi Capital without the need for any instrument or assignment, and such CNHi Receivable shall thereupon become a CNHi Capital Receivable, (ii) such CNHi Capital Receivable (including all terms and conditions of or applicable to the CNHi Capital Receivable and the Invoice pursuant to the Wholesale Finance Plan and all other amounts due and owing thereunder and all rights to payment thereof or thereunder (including interest thereon in accordance with the Wholesale Finance Plan) is governed by the Wholesale Finance Plan, (iii) the CNHi Capital Receivable is owned by CNHi Capital, not by CNHi, and (iv) the CNHi Capital Receivable shall be secured by a Security Interest in the CNHi Parts and Wholegoods financed under the CNHi Capital Receivable. 
 4 

(e) In connection with the foregoing: (i) on the date hereof, CNHi shall execute and deliver to CNHi Capital an assignment in the form annexed as Exhibit A hereto (the CNHi Assignment for the purposes of assigning and transferring to CNHi Capital: (A) the universality of all present and future CNHi Receivables owing by Quebec Dealers under the Accounts that are or have been purchased or are to be purchased under Sections 2.5(a), (b)(ii) and (d) above; (B) as a further assurance and to the extent that, notwithstanding the parties intent as stated above, CNHi is deemed to own any CNHi Capital Receivable (or any related Advance) created under Section 2.5(a), (b)(i) and (c) or any interest therein (and to the extent CNHi owns any similar receivables as to which it has received an advance from CNHi Capital), the universality of all present and future CNHi Capital Receivables owing by Dealers under the Accounts; (C) all present and future Collateral Security with respect to the foregoing; and (D) any and all proceeds of any of the foregoing. (ii) CNHi Capital is authorized to file appropriate PPSA financing statements or similar documents to perfect the foregoing sales and/or assignments and to take all actions necessary from time to time to continue the perfection of such sales and/or assignments. (f) CNHi acknowledges that CNHi Capital intends to securitize all or substantially all of the Receivables referred to in this Section 2.5, and to the extent provided below the terms of this Agreement are subject to any contrary terms of the agreements governing any such securitization from time to time (including the Sale and Servicing Agreement (as defined in the Assignment)(collectively, the Securitization Agreements ). Receivables that are subject to the terms of the Securitization Agreements at any point in time are referred to below as Securitized Receivables. (g) It is the intention of the parties hereto that all conveyances of Receivables, Collateral Security and proceeds by CNHi to CNHi Capital contemplated hereunder and provided by the CNHi Assignment be, and be construed as, absolute sales without recourse (except as explicitly provided herein) of such Receivables and other property by CNHi to CNHi Capital and the beneficial interest in and to such Receivables and other property shall not be part of the CNHi s estate in the event of any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding by or against CNHi under any bankruptcy or insolvency law. 2.6 CNHI Representations and Warranties; Indemnification . With respect to each invoice submitted by CNHi to CNHi Capital for financing, and each advance made by CNHi Capital with respect thereto, CNHi represents and warrants that (a) it has complied and will comply with its policy regarding the recognition of revenue for the sale of CNHi Parts or Wholegoods as that policy exists as of the date of this Agreement and that it has satisfied the conditions precedent therein CNHi Revenue Policy ), (b) it has complied and will comply with all applicable CNHi Capital policies, guidelines procedures (collectively the CNHi Capital Policy ), and (c) that the invoice represents a valid and enforceable obligation of the related Dealer that is not subject to any dispute, counterclaim or right of setoff of any kind or nature. In the event a Dealer disputes in whole or in part the validity or enforceability of the invoice or the amount of the obligation of the Dealer represented thereby, CNHi agrees to resolve such dispute with the Dealer within 60 days of its receipt of notice from CNHi Capital of the existence of such dispute. In the event CNHi (a) fails to comply or satisfy the conditions precedent for the recognition of revenue as set forth in the CNHi Revenue Policy as it exists as of the date of this Agreement, or (b) fails to comply with the CNHi Capital Policy, or (c) fails to resolve such disputes within such 60 day period, CNHi agrees to make an indemnity payment to CNHi Capital in the amount of the then outstanding principal plus accrued interest, if any, owed by the Dealer. CNHi Capital may deduct such amounts from monies otherwise payable by CNHi Capital to CNHi hereunder. 
 5 

ARTICLE 3 WHOLESALE FINANCE CHARGES 3.1 Subsidized Dealer Financing. CNHi shall establish from time to time the applicable period during which its Dealers are eligible to receive interest-free or reduced-rate financing for the purchase of CNHi Parts and Wholegoods. 3.2 CNHi Subsidy. In exchange for CNHi Capital s agreement to provide interest-free or reduced-rate financing to the Dealer during such period described in Section 3.1, CNHi shall pay CNHi Capital a subsidy (the CNHi Subsidy ). The CNHi Subsidy shall be calculated by CNHi Capital at its sole discretion. 3.3 Dealer Responsibility. CNHi Capital shall establish from time to time interest rates and other charges applicable to financing and other services extended to Dealers under the Open Account and Wholesale Finance Plan terms. CNHi Capital shall bill and collect directly from Dealers finance charges for which they are responsible. ARTICLE 4 SALES INCENTIVES 4.1 Sales Incentive Agreement From time to time CNHi may offer incentives to Dealers that require a payment to the Dealer from CNHi upon the Dealer s sale or lease of an item of equipment (a CNHi Sales Incentive ). CNHi Capital may accept an assignment from Dealers of their rights in such CNHi Sales Incentives, and, upon receipt thereof, CNHi Capital may apply such amounts to reduce the amounts due from Dealers to CNHi Capital with respect to wholesale financing of such items of equipment. CNHi shall be solely responsible for resolving any and all disputes with Dealers relating to such CNHi Sales Incentives. ARTICLE 5 WHOLESALE AUDITS 5.1 Physical Audits CNHi Capital shall conduct dealer inventory audits of equipment and parts covered by wholesale financing for Dealers. The frequency of conducting such audits shall be determined by CNHi Capital in its sole discretion. Such audits shall include CNHi equipment that is on demonstration to prospective customers of a Dealer and CNHi equipment subject to any rental plan. 5.2 Audit Reports CNHi Capital shall prepare reports, including the location and status of equipment and/or parts, as appropriate, with respect to each inspection and audit of the Dealer, and CNHi Capital shall provide copies of such audit reports to CNHi upon written request. ARTICLE 6 CREDIT WATCH AND STOP SHIP STATUS 6.1 Credit Watch Status Upon a Capital Default or if for any reason CNHi Capital deems itself insecure with respect to financing being provided to a Dealer, CNHi Capital may place such Dealer on a status of Credit Watch. CNHi Capital will provide prompt oral and written notification of such Credit Watch status. CNHi Capital shall advise CNHi of the reason for any Credit Watch 
 6 

status and actions necessary to remove the Credit Watch status. Upon notice of any Credit Watch, future wholegoods shipments to the affected Dealer must be approved in advance by CNHi Capital. 6.2 Open Account Stop Ship Status Upon a Capital Default or if for any reason CNHi Capital deems itself insecure with respect to financing being provided to a Dealer, CNHi Capital may place such Dealer s Open Account on Stop Ship status. CNHi Capital will provide prompt oral and written notification of such Stop Ship status to CNHi. CNHi Capital shall advise CNHi of the reason for any Stop Ship status and actions necessary to reinstate such Dealer s Open Account Terms. Upon notification of such Stop Ship status, CNHi shall not ship any additional parts to the affected Dealer or invoice any other miscellaneous charges to the affected Dealer s Open Account. 6.3 Indemnification In the event CNHi breaches any of the terms of its agreement set forth in Sections 6.1 or 6.2 above, CNHi agrees to indemnify CNHi Capital for any and all loss, cost, damage or expense suffered by CNHi Capital as a result of such breach, including, without limitation, any loss of principal or interest for CNHi Capital arising as a result of such breach. ARTICLE 7 CNHI WHOLEGOODS AND PARTS REPURCHASE 7.1 Dealer Termination; Manufacturer Default CNHi Canada shall provide CNHi Capital with as much advance notice as possible of the occurrence of a Dealer Termination. CNHi Canada shall also provide CNHi Capital with oral and written notice of the occurrence of a Manufacturer Default. Upon the occurrence of a Repurchase Event, CNHi Canada shall assist CNHi Capital in the liquidation of the affected Dealer s assets securing financing provided by CNHi Capital, and shall repurchase certain wholegoods and parts of the affected Dealer, all as herein provided. If a successor servicer is appointed for CNHi Capital under the Securitization Agreements, the successor servicer will succeed to CNHi Capital s rights below with respect to Securitized Receivables and the related CNHi Parts and Wholegoods. In such case, CNHi Capital shall be relieved of its obligations below insofar as they relate to Securitized Receivables. 7.2 Joint Audit Within 3 Business Days (or such longer periods as may be mutually agreed by CNHi and CNHi Capital), following the occurrence of a Repurchase Event, CNHi and CNHi Capital will conduct a joint audit of the Dealer. A written report shall be prepared immediately and signed by representatives of both CNHi and CNHi Capital. 7.3 Possession of CNHi Parts and Wholegoods Upon the occurrence of a Repurchase Event, CNHi and CNHi Capital shall attempt to obtain the Dealer s consent to remove all CNHi Parts and Wholegoods and other collateral in which CNHi Capital holds a Security Interest. If the Dealer refuses to surrender possession of the same, CNHi Capital shall, at its sole expense, take such legal action as may be necessary to effect possession. CNHi shall promptly accept all CNHi Parts and Wholegoods when they have been made unconditionally available to CNHi by CNHi Capital if such acceptance is required under applicable buy-back law or any agreement between CNHi and such Dealer. CNHi shall promptly, at its sole expense, remove all such CNHi Parts and Wholegoods from the Dealer s location. 7.4 Purchase by CNHi of Parts With respect to any new CNHi parts made available to CNHi that (i) are required to be repurchased from the Dealer under applicable buy-back laws or buy-back agreements between CNHi and the Dealer, and (ii) the proceeds of which are necessary to clear the obligations of the Dealer to CNHi Capital (or its assigns) in whole or in part, CNHi shall, upon the occurrence of a Repurchase Event, shall purchase such CNHi parts and pay to CNHi Capital, as owner of the obligations of the Dealer with respect to such items of CNHi parts (or as servicer for the owner), an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the unpaid balance (including interest, charges, etc.) due from the Dealer on the date of repossession, or (b) the amount 
 7 

CNHi is required to pay Dealer to repurchase the CNHi parts under applicable law or CNHi s agreements with the Dealer. Such amount shall be paid to CNHi Capital within 30 days following the date on which CNHi Capital makes such parts available to CNHi. 7.5 Marketing of CNHi Parts With respect to all parts not covered by Section 7.4 above, CNHi will cooperate with CNHi Capital as requested in the sale thereof in a commercially reasonable manner on behalf of CNHi Capital, as owner or servicer of the related obligations. CNHI shall promptly deliver to CNHi Capital the proceeds of such sale, less such out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with such sale as agreed to in writing by CNHi and CNHi Capital. 7.6 Wholegoods Repurchase by CNHi With respect to new, unused, resalable CNHi wholegoods made available to CNHi that (i) are required to be repurchased from the Dealer by CNHi under an applicable buy-back law or any agreement between CNHi and such Dealer, and (ii) the proceeds of which are necessary to clear the obligations of the Dealer to CNHi Capital (or its assigns) in whole or in part, CNHi shall, upon an occurrence of a Repurchase Event, pay to CNHi Capital, as owner of the obligations of the Dealer to CNHi Capital with respect thereto (or as servicer for such owner) an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the unpaid balance due from the Dealer on the date of repossession or (b) the amount CNHi is required to pay Dealer to repurchase the CNHi wholegoods under applicable law or CNHi s agreement(s) with the Dealer. Such amount shall be paid to CNHi Capital within 30 days after the equipment has been made unconditionally available to CNHi. 7.7 Marketing of Equipment With respect to all items of equipment not covered by Section 7.6 above, CNHi will cooperate with CNHi Capital as requested in the sale thereof in a commercially reasonable manner on behalf of CNHi Capital, as owner or servicer of the related obligations. CNHi shall promptly deliver to CNHi Capital the proceeds of such sale, less such out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with such sale as agreed to in writing by CNHi and CNHi Capital. 7.8 Collection Cooperation Each of CNHi Capital and CNHi shall cooperate in the other s efforts to collect amounts due from Dealers following recovery of possession and disposition of CNHi Parts and Wholegoods financed pursuant to this Agreement. 7.9 Compliance with Buy-Back Laws Nothing herein shall be construed as CNHi Capital s assumption of obligations arising under (a) federal or provincial buy-back laws, or any rules, regulations and court decisions thereunder, or (b) any agreements between a Dealer and CNHi regarding any buy-backs by CNHi. CNHi shall at all times ensure that the activities undertaken pursuant to this Article are in compliance with such laws, regulations/rules and agreements. 7.10 Return Administration Promptly upon the occurrence of a Repurchase Event, CNHi shall be responsible for producing or causing the affected Dealer to produce picking tickets and reports necessary for the identification of CNHi parts to be repossessed or that are voluntarily returned by a Dealer (after Dealer Default or otherwise), and shall be responsible for valuing and determining the eligibility for return of all CNHi parts. 7.11 Securitized Receivables Obligations Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article 7, after a Dealer Termination CNHi Capital may determine to liquidate or realize upon any Securitized Receivables and related Collateral Security without exercising its rights or remedies under this Agreement if CNHi Capital determines that it is obligated to do so or if it determines that the proceeds of realization of any Securitized Receivables and Collateral Security would greater than the proceeds realizable under this Agreement or otherwise. 
 8 

ARTICLE 8 CNHI GUARANTEE OBLIGATIONS CNHi hereby guarantees all obligations, including the payment of finance charges, of a Dealer to CNHi Capital with respect to the following, to the extent that the following are not Securitized Receivables: (a) CNHi Parts and Wholegoods sold or otherwise disposed of by the Dealer prior to the CNHi invoice date therefor; and (b) all CNHi Parts and Wholegoods with respect to which CNHi failed to comply with its obligations under Sections 7.4 and 7.6 hereof. CNHi agrees to purchase from CNHi Capital, upon demand, all obligations of the Dealer with respect to financing guaranteed by CNHi pursuant to this Article 8. ARTICLE 9 BOOKS, RECORDS AND REPORTS CNHi shall maintain books of account and other records with respect to matters governed by the provisions of this Agreement. CNHi shall afford CNHi Capital and its authorized agents reasonable access during normal business hours to such books of account and other records and CNHi shall cause its personnel to assist in any examination thereof. Any examination will be conducted in a manner that does not unreasonably interfere with normal business operations or customer or employee relations. ARTICLE 10 DEFAULT 10.1 Events of Default The following shall constitute an event of default Event of Default hereunder: (a) Bankruptcy. If with respect to either CNHi or CNHi Capital there shall be the commencement, voluntary or involuntary, of any case, proceeding or other action (i) under any existing or future law of any jurisdiction, domestic or foreign, relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or relief of debtors, seeking to have an order for relief entered with respect to such party, or seeking to adjudicate such party as bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, winding-up, liquidation, dissolution, composition or other relief with respect to such party or its debts, or seeking appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for such party or any substantial part of its assets which remains undismissed, undischarged or unbonded for a period of 60 days from the entry thereof; or (ii) by or against such party of any case, proceeding or other action seeking issuance of a warrant of attachment, execution, distraint or similar process against all or any substantial part of its assets which results in the entry of any order or any such relief which shall not have been vacated, discharged, stayed or bonded pending appeal within sixty (60) days from the entry thereof; or, (iii) by such party in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the acts set forth above; In addition, the failure or inability of such party generally to, or the admission in writing by such party of its inability to, pay its debts as they become due shall be an Event of Default. (b) Agreements . If either CNHi or CNHi Capital shall materially violate any covenant or agreement contained herein or in any other agreement between the parties and such violation remains uncured for 30 days following Notice by the other party, with a demand to cure the noted violation. 
 9 

ARTICLE 11 TERM AND TERMINATION 11.1 Default This Agreement may be terminated by either party upon Notice to the other party upon the occurrence of an Event of Default with respect to the other party. 11.2 Initial Term; Continuation; Termination Notice The initial term of this Agreement ends on December 31, 2018 (the Initial Term ). Thereafter, this Agreement shall automatically continue for additional one-year terms, and after the Initial Term, either party may terminate this Agreement upon 90-days Notice (as defined below) to the other party. 11.3 Survival of Rights The termination of this Agreement shall not modify or affect the rights or obligations of either party hereunder with respect to any financing extended by CNHi Capital prior to the effective date of termination. ARTICLE 12 EFFECTIVE DATE The rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall be effective on the date hereof and shall apply with respect to any and all financing now or hereafter extended by CNHi Capital under the Wholesale Financing Plan and/or under this Agreement. ARTICLE 13 EXCLUSIVITY During the term of this Agreement CNHi will not offer and will not participate with or assist any other person or entity in offering financial services of the type covered by this Agreement. 
 10 

ARTICLE 14 GENERAL PROVISIONS 14.1 Notices Except as otherwise provided herein, all notices, requests, consents, approvals or other communications hereunder (collectively Notices shall be in writing in the English language, shall be delivered by hand or sent by registered mail postage prepaid, by air courier delivery service or by facsimile transmission addressed as follows (or to such other person or destination as a party may be notice to the other indicate): If to CNHi Capital: CNH Industrial Capital Canada Ltd. 5729 Washington Ave. Racine, WI 53406 Fax: (262) 636-5771 Attn: Director Commercial Lending If to CNHI: CNH Industrial Canada, Ltd. 700 State Street Racine, WI 53403 Fax 262-636-5651 Attn: Office of the General Counsel All such Notices and communications hereunder shall be deemed given when received, as evidenced by the acknowledgement of receipt issued with respect thereto by the applicable postal authorities, or the signed acknowledgement of receipt of the person to whom such Notice or communication shall have been addressed, or facsimile transmission answerback, as applicable. 14.2 Governing Law and Venue This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein, without regard to any conflicts of law doctrine that would apply any other jurisdiction s law. 14.3 Entire Agreement This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall be deemed to amend and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, negotiations and discussions between the parties, whether oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof, including, without limitation, the Original Agreement and the Amended and Restated Agreement. 14.4 Modifications and Amendments No amendment, modification, waiver or termination of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the parties hereto. 14.5 Waivers and Extensions Any party to this Agreement may waive any right, breach, or default which such party has the right to waive, provided that such waiver will not be effective against the waiving party unless it is in writing, is signed by such party, and specifically refers to this Agreement. Waivers may be made in advance or after the right waived has arisen or the breach 
 11 

or default waived has occurred. Any waiver may be conditional. No waiver of any breach of any agreement or provision herein contained shall be deemed a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach thereof nor of any other agreement or provision herein contained. No waiver or extension of time for performance of any obligations or acts shall be deemed a waiver or extension of the time for performance of any other obligations or acts. 14.6 Titles and Headings Titles and headings of sections of this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction of any provision of this Agreement. 14.7 Successors and Assigns This Agreement and the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of each of the parties and their respective permitted successors and assigns. 14.8 Assignment; No Third Party Beneficiaries This Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations hereunder may not be assigned or delegated by either party without the prior written consent of the other party. Any assignment or delegation of rights, duties or obligations hereunder made without the prior written consent of the other party hereto shall be void and of no effect. This Agreement is not intended to confer any rights or benefits on any persons other than the parties hereto. 14.9 Severability Any provision of this Agreement which is found to be invalid or unenforceable by any court in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or non-enforceability, and shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof. 14.10 Counterparts This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

CNH Industrial Canada, Ltd. CNH Industrial Capital Canada Ltd. By: /s/ Richard Konrath By: /s/ Douglas MacLeod Name: Richard Konrath Name: Douglas MacLeod Title: Vice President General Counsel Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 
 12 

EXHIBIT A FORM OF ASSIGNMENT ASSIGNMENT THIS ASSIGNMENT is made as of December 31, 2017 by CNH INDUSTRIAL CANADA, LTD. , a Canada corporation (the Seller ), as seller and assignor, in favour of CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL CANADA LTD. , an Alberta corporation (in such capacity, the Purchaser ). WHEREAS the Seller wishes to transfer certain specific, identified, existing and future Receivables and certain Collateral Security to the Purchaser and the Purchaser is willing to accept such transfer; AND WHEREAS capitalized terms used in this Assignment shall have the respective meanings specified in Section 3 hereof; NOW THEREFORE THIS ASSIGNMENT WITNESSES that, in consideration of the sum of 2.00 in the lawful currency of Canada now paid by the Purchaser to the Seller and for other good and valuable consideration (the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by the Seller) the Seller and the Purchaser agree as follows: 1. The Seller does hereby sell, transfer, assign, set over and otherwise convey without recourse (except as expressly provided herein or in the Wholesale Sale and Servicing Agreement) to the Purchaser on the date hereof: (a) all of the Seller s right, title and interest in, to and under the universality of (i) all of the Receivables in or under each Account as at the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the date hereof, (ii) all Receivables created in or under each Account on each Business Day after the Business Day immediately preceding the date hereof, and (iii) all Collateral Security with respect to such Receivables; and (b) all of the Seller s right, title and interest in, to and under all monies due or to become due and all amounts received with respect to the property and assets described in paragraph (a) above and all proceeds (including proceeds as defined in the PPSA as in effect in the Province of Ontario) thereof, all created in connection with the Accounts. 2. This Assignment is made pursuant to and upon the representations, warranties and agreements contained in the Sale and Servicing Agreement and is to be governed in all respects by the Wholesale and Parts CNHi Capital Financing Agreement. 3. The Debtor hereby makes the Perfection Representations and Warranties to the Secured Party. For purposes of this Section 3 Debtor shall mean the Seller, the Secured Party shall mean the Purchaser, and the Specified Agreement shall mean this Agreement. The Debtor hereby authorizes the Servicer to file financing statements and similar instruments under the PPSA without the Debtor s signature where allowed by applicable law. 

4. Terms used herein with initial capital or upper case letters which are not defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in the Sale and Servicing Agreement and the Wholesale and Parts CNHi Capital Financing Agreement, as applicable, and the terms specified in Schedule A hereto shall have the meanings assigned thereto in Schedule A. IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned has caused this Assignment to be duly executed as of December 31, 2017. 

CNH INDUSTRIAL CANADA, LTD. By: /s/ Richard Konrath Name: Richard Konrath Title: Vice President General Counsel 
 Accepted and agreed as of December 31, 2017 

CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL CANADA LTD. By: /s/ Douglas MacLeod Name: Douglas MacLeod Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 
 2 

SCHEDULE A TO ASSIGNMENT Account shall mean each Initial Account and each Automatic Additional Account. Automatic Additional Accounts means each individual Wholesale Credit Line or Open Account established or created by the Seller or the Purchaser for a Dealer on or after the date of this Assignment. CNHi means CNH Industrial Canada, Ltd. CNHi Parts and Wholegoods means parts, supplies, inventory, equipment and other goods and services sold to Dealers by CNHi, whether branded Case, Case IH, New Holland, New Holland Construction or under any other brand owned by or licensed to CNHi and its affiliates, and includes, without limitation, replacement parts, attachments, supplies, garments, premiums, tooling, display cases, computers, software, flags, banners, posters, yellow page listings, training, warranty claims and any other services provided by CNHi. Collateral Security means with respect to any Receivable: (a) the related invoice, and (b) the Lien of CNHI, if any, in the related CNHI Parts and Wholegoods (granted under the related invoice or otherwise) securing the Receivable. CNHi Capital means CNH Industrial Capital Canada Ltd. Dealer means a dealer authorized by CNHi to sell or distribute any goods manufactured, sold or distributed by CNHi and its affiliates and which has executed a CNHi Dealer Agreement. Initial Account shall mean each individual Wholesale Credit Line or Open Account established or created by the Seller or the Purchaser with a Dealer pursuant to a Wholesale Finance Plan and existing on and as of the close of business on the Business Day preceding the date of this Assignment. Lien means any security interest, mortgage, hypothec, reservation of ownership, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), preference, participation interest, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever, and includes any reservation of ownership or retention of title created under a Wholesale Finance Plan with a Quebec Dealer or under an invoice. Open Account means an account established for a Dealer by CNHi Capital or CNHi pursuant to which CNHi Capital finances CNHi Parts sold to the Dealer. Open Account Terms means the terms under which CNHi sells parts and other miscellaneous items and services (excluding wholegoods) to Dealers and pursuant to which CNHi and/or CNHi Capital finances such goods for the Dealers, as modified from time to time. PPSA means (a) the personal property security legislation, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, as in effect in each Province of Canada (other than Qu bec), (b) the Uniform Commercial Code, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, as in effect in the State of Wisconsin, and (c) the Qu bec Civil Code, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, as in effect in Qu bec. Person shall mean any legal person, including any individual, corporation, partnership, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, governmental entity or other entity of similar nature. Quebec Dealer means a Dealer located or resident in the Province of Quebec. 

Receivables shall mean, with respect to an Account: (a) all amounts shown on the Seller s records as amounts payable by the related Dealer to the Seller under the Account and the related Wholesale Finance Plan; (b) all amounts shown on the Purchaser s or the Servicer s records on and after the date hereof as amounts payable by the related Quebec Dealer under the Account and the related Wholesale Finance Plan in respect of credit sales, conditional sales or instalment sales made by the Seller to such Quebec Dealer on or after the date hereof to finance the acquisition of CNHi Parts and Wholegoods by such Dealer from the Seller; and (c) to the extent that the Seller may have any interest therein, all amounts shown on the Purchaser s or the Servicer s records as amounts payable by the related Dealer in respect of advances or extensions of credit made by the Purchaser to such Dealer after the date hereof to finance the acquisition of CNHi Parts and Wholegoods by such Dealer from the Seller. Rental Plan means CNHi Rental Equipment Plan, CNHi Rental Flex Plan, Rent-To-Own Plan or any other rental plan from time to time established jointly by CNHi and CNHi Capital in connection with a Wholesale Credit Line and published in the Discounts and Terms. Sale and Servicing Agreement means the Amended and Restated Sale and Servicing Agreement dated as of November 30, 2009 between the CNHi Capital Canada Ltd., an Alberta corporation, as seller, in favour of Computershare Trust Company of Canada, in its capacity as trustee of CNHi Capital Canada Wholesale Trust, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Servicer shall mean CNHi Capital, in its capacity as Servicer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, and its successors or assigns in such capacity under the Sale and Servicing Agreement. Wholesale and Parts CNHi Capital Financing Agreement means the Second Amended and Restated Wholesale and Parts CNHi Capital Financing Agreement made as of the date hereof between CNH Industrial Canada, Ltd., a Canadian corporation, and CNH Industrial Capital Canada Ltd., an Alberta corporation. Wholesale Credit Line means the maximum dollar amount of CNHi Parts and Wholegoods inventory that CNHi Capital will consider financing for a Dealer. Wholesale Finance Plan means each plan established by CNHi Capital, as modified from time to time in consultation with CNHi, setting forth the terms and conditions of the wholesale financing for Dealers. 
 2 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-22>
 4
 tmb-20221231xex22.htm
 EX-22

EXHIBIT 22 ISSUER AND GUARANTORS OF GUARANTEED SECURITIES The following subsidiaries of CNH Industrial Capital LLC (the Company are guarantors with respect to the Company s 1.950 Senior Notes due 2023, 4.200 Senior Notes due 2024, 3.950 Senior Notes due 2025, 5.450 Senior Notes due 2025, 1.450 Senior Notes due 2026 and 1.875 Senior Notes due 2026: 

NAME OF GUARANTOR JURISDICTION OF FORMATION CNH Industrial Capital America LLC Delaware New Holland Credit Company, LLC Delaware 
 The following entities are guarantors with respect to CNH Industrial Capital Canada Ltd. s 1.500 Senior Notes due 2024: 

NAME OF GUARANTOR JURISDICTION OF FORMATION CNH Industrial Capital LLC Delaware CNH Industrial Capital America LLC Delaware New Holland Credit Company, LLC Delaware 

</EX-22>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 tmb-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

EXHIBIT 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Form F-3 File No. 333-263539) of CNH Industrial Capital LLC of our report dated February 28, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of CNH Industrial Capital LLC included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ ERNST YOUNG LLP Milwaukee, Wisconsin February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 tmb-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATIONS I, Douglas MacLeod, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of CNH Industrial Capital LLC; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 28, 2023 By: /s/ Douglas MacLeod Name: Douglas MacLeod Title: President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 tmb-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATIONS I, Daniel Willems Van Dijk, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of CNH Industrial Capital LLC; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 28, 2023 By: /s/ Daniel Willems Van Dijk Name: Daniel Willems Van Dijk Title: Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 tmb-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), each of the undersigned officers of CNH Industrial Capital LLC (the Company does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that: The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of the Company (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

February 28, 2023 /s/ Douglas MacLeod Douglas MacLeod President February 28, 2023 /s/ Daniel Willems Van Dijk Daniel Willems Van Dijk Chief Financial Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement has been provided to CNH Industrial Capital LLC and will be retained by CNH Industrial Capital LLC and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 tmb-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 tmb-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 tmb-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 tmb-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

