<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1141688_0001493152-23-009718.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14279545</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>324665</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1926873</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5096958</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2913977</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3505671</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009718.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330153212
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009718
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		131
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LANDMARK BANCORP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001141688
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				431930755
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-33203
		FILM NUMBER:		23780380

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		701 POYNTZ AVENUE
		CITY:			MANHATTAN
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			66502
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7855652000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		701 POYNTZ AVENUE
		CITY:			MANHATTAN
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			66502

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LANDMARK MERGER CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010530

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009718.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 
 THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
 SECURITIES
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
transition period from __________ to ___________ 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification Number) 

, , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class: 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered: 

Global Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 

 Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

 Yes

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the last sales price
of 24.13 quoted on the Nasdaq Global Market on the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal
quarter, was approximately million. On March 29, 2023, the total number of shares of common stock outstanding was . 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

LANDMARK
BANCORP, INC. 

 2022
Form 10-K Annual Report 

 Table
of Contents 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 3 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 24 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 37 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 37 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 37 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 37 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 38 

ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 38 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 38 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 46 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 48 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 90 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 90 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 90 

ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 90 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 91 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 91 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 91 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 92 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 92 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 93 

ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 94 

SIGNATURES 
 
 95 

2 

PART
I. 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

The
Company 

Landmark
Bancorp, Inc. (the Company is a financial holding company that was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware
in 2001. Currently, the Company s business consists of the ownership of Landmark National Bank (the Bank and Landmark
Risk Management, Inc., which are wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 1.5 billion in consolidated
total assets. 

The
Company is headquartered in Manhattan, Kansas, and has expanded its geographic presence through opening new branches and acquisitions.
On October 1, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of Freedom Bancshares, Inc. Freedom ), the holding company of
Freedom Bank. Freedom Bank was founded in 2006 and operated out of a single location in Overland Park, Kansas. As of September 30, 2022,
Freedom Bank reported total assets of 202.0 million, gross loans of 118.0 million, and total deposits of 150.4 million. The acquisition
was accounted for as a business combination under ASC 805. In May 2019, the Bank opened a loan production office in Prairie Village,
Kansas. During the third quarter of 2019, the loan production office was converted into a branch office. The Company continues to explore
opportunities to expand its banking markets through mergers and acquisitions, as well as branching opportunities. 

The
Bank has continued to focus on increasing its originations of commercial, commercial real estate and agricultural loans, which management
believes will be more profitable and provide more growth for the Bank than traditional one-to-four family residential real estate lending.
Additionally, greater emphasis has been placed on diversification of the deposit mix through the expansion of core deposit accounts such
as checking, savings, and money market accounts. The Bank has also diversified its geographical markets as a result of its acquisitions
and branching opportunities. The Company s main office is in Manhattan, Kansas. The Company has 31 branch offices in 24 communities
across the state of Kansas. 

Landmark
Risk Management, Inc., which was formed and began operations in 2017, is a Nevada-based captive insurance company which provides property
and casualty insurance coverage to the Company and the Bank for which insurance may not be currently available or economically feasible
in the current insurance marketplace. Landmark Risk Management, Inc. is subject to the regulations of the State of Nevada and undergoes
periodic examinations by the Nevada Division of Insurance. 

The
results of operations of the Bank and the Company are dependent primarily upon net interest income and, to a lesser extent, upon other
income derived from sales of one-to-four family residential mortgage loans, loan servicing fees and customer deposit services. Additional
expenses of the Bank include general and administrative expenses such as salaries, employee benefits, federal deposit insurance premiums,
data processing, occupancy and related expenses. 

Deposits
of the Bank are insured by the Deposit Insurance Fund (the DIF of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC up to the maximum amount allowable under applicable federal laws and regulations. The Bank is regulated by the Office of the Comptroller
of the Currency (the OCC ), as the chartering authority for national banks, and the FDIC, as the administrator of the DIF.
The Bank is also subject to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve with
respect to reserves required to be maintained against deposits and certain other matters. The Bank is a member of the Federal Reserve
Bank of Kansas City and the Federal Home Loan Bank (the FHLB of Topeka. 

The
Company s executive office and the Bank s main office are located at 701 Poyntz Avenue, Manhattan, Kansas 66502. The telephone
number is (785) 565-2000. 

Market
Areas 

The
Bank s primary deposit gathering and lending markets are geographically diversified throughout central, eastern, southeast, and
southwest Kansas. The primary industries within these respective markets are also diverse and dependent upon a wide array of industry
and governmental activity for their economic base. A brief description of the four geographic areas and the communities which the Bank
serves is set forth below. 

3 

The
central region of the Bank s market area consists of the Bank s locations in Auburn, Junction City, Manhattan, Osage City,
Topeka and Wamego, Kansas and includes the counties of Riley, Geary, Osage, Pottawatomie and Shawnee. The economies are significantly
impacted by employment at Fort Riley Military Base in Junction City and Kansas State University, the second largest university in Kansas,
which is located in Manhattan. Topeka is the capital of Kansas and strongly influenced by the government of the State of Kansas. Topeka
and Manhattan are regional destinations for retail shopping as well as home to regional hospitals. Manhattan was also selected as the
site of a new National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility, which has had a significant impact on the regional economy as the facility is being
constructed, and that impact is expected to continue once the facility begins operations. Construction of the facility began in 2013,
and the facility became fully operational in May 2022. Additionally, manufacturing and service industries play a key role within the
central Kansas market. 

The
Bank s eastern Kansas branches are located in the communities of Lawrence, Lenexa, Louisburg, Osawatomie, Overland Park, Paola,
Prairie Village and Wellsville, Kansas. The Bank s Lawrence locations are located in Douglas County and are significantly impacted
by the University of Kansas, the largest university in Kansas. The eastern region is strongly influenced by the Kansas City metropolitan
market, which is the highest growth area in the State of Kansas. The region is influenced by public and private industries and businesses
of all sizes. In addition, housing growth and commercial real estate are major drivers of the region s economy. The acquisition
of Freedom bank in 2022 expanded the Bank s presence in Overland Park and contributed to the growth in loans and deposits. 

The
southeast region of the Bank s market area consists of the Bank s locations in Fort Scott, Iola, Kincaid, Mound City and
Pittsburg, Kansas. Agriculture, oil, and gas are the predominant industries in the southeast Kansas region. Both Fort Scott and Pittsburg
are recognized as regional commercial centers within the southeast region of the state, which attracts small retail businesses to the
region. Additionally, Pittsburg State University and Fort Scott Community College attract a number of individuals from the surrounding
area to live within the communities to participate in educational programs and pursue a degree. Additionally, manufacturing and service
industries play a key role within the southeast Kansas market. 

The
Bank s southwest Kansas branches are located in the communities of Dodge City, Garden City, Great Bend, Hoisington and LaCrosse,
Kansas. Agriculture, oil, and gas are the predominant industries in the southwest Kansas region. Predominant activities involve crop
production, feed lot operations, and food processing. Dodge City is known as the Cowboy Capital of the World and maintains
a significant tourism industry. Both Dodge City and Garden City are recognized as regional commercial centers within the state with small
businesses, manufacturing, retail, and service industries having a significant influence upon the local economies. Additionally, the
Dodge City, Garden City and Great Bend communities each have a community college that attracts individuals from the surrounding areas. 

Competition 

The
Company faces strong competition both in attracting deposits and making real estate, commercial and other loans. Its most direct competition
for deposits and loans comes from large national and regional banks, local community banks, savings and loan associations, securities
and brokerage companies, mortgage companies, insurance companies, finance companies, money market mutual funds, credit unions, financial
technology (fintech) companies and other non-bank financial service providers located in its principal market areas, including many larger
financial institutions which have greater financial and marketing resources available to them. The ability of the Company to attract
and retain deposits generally depends on its ability to provide a rate of return, service levels, liquidity and risk comparable to or
better than those offered by competing investment opportunities. The Company competes for loans principally through the interest rates
and loan fees it charges and the efficiency and quality of services it provides borrowers. 

4 

Human
Capital Resources 

Employees.
 At December 31, 2022, the Bank had a total of 286 employees (276 full time equivalent employees). The Company has no employees,
although the Company is a party to several employment agreements with executives of the Bank. Employees are provided with a comprehensive
benefits program, including basic and major medical insurance, life and disability insurance, sick leave, and a 401(k) profit sharing
plan. Employees are not represented by any union or collective bargaining group, and the Bank considers its employee relations to be
good. 

Diversity,
Equity and Inclusion. The Company believes that a diverse workforce is critical to achieving its strategic goals. The Company
strives to foster a strong and inclusive culture that is committed to delivering extraordinary service to our clients and communities
by meeting the financial needs of families and businesses across Kansas. 

Talent
development and retention. The Company utilizes various processes to recruit employees with values that align with the Company s
vision that Everyone Starts as a Customer and Leaves as a Friend . The long-term success of the Company revolves around the ability
to continue to develop and retain these employees. 

Lending
Activities 

General .
 The Bank strives to provide a full range of financial products and services to small- and medium-sized businesses and to consumers
in each market area it serves. The Bank targets owner-operated businesses and utilizes Small Business Administration (SBA) lending as
a part of its product mix. The Bank has a loan committee for each of its markets, which has authority to approve credits within established
guidelines. Concentrations in excess of those guidelines must be approved by either a corporate loan committee comprised of the Bank s
Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Credit Officer, and other senior commercial lenders or the Bank s board of directors. When lending
to an entity, the Bank generally obtains a guaranty from the principals of the entity. The loan mix is subject to the discretion of the
Bank s board of directors and the demands of the local marketplace. 

The
following is a brief description of each major category of the Bank s lending activity. 

One-to-Four
Family Residential Real Estate Lending . The Bank originates one-to-four family residential real estate loans with both fixed
and variable rates. One-to-four family residential real estate loans are typically priced and originated following underwriting
standards that are consistent with guidelines established by the major buyers in the secondary market. Generally, residential real
estate loans retained in the Bank s loan portfolio have fixed or variable rates with adjustment periods of seven years or less
and amortization periods of typically either 15 or 30 years. A significant portion of these loans prepay prior to maturity. The Bank
has no potential negative amortization loans. While the origination of fixed-rate, one-to-four family residential loans continues to
be a key component of our business, the majority of these loans are sold in the secondary market. One-to-four family residential
real estate loans that exceed 80 of the appraised value of the real estate generally are required, by policy, to be supported by
private mortgage insurance, although on occasion the Bank will retain non-conforming residential loans to known customers at premium
pricing. The balances of one-to-four family residential real estate loans increased as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31,
2021 primarily due to increasing mortgage rates, which increased demand for the Bank s 7/1 ARM loans. These loans are retained
in portfolio and were the primary factor for the increase in balances during 2022. While the Bank retains some of the new fixed rate
mortgage loan originations, most of the new fixed rate mortgage loans continue to be sold. 

Construction
and Land Lending. Loans in this category include loans to facilitate the development of both residential and commercial real
estate. Construction and land loans generally have terms of less than 18 months, and the Bank will retain a security interest in the
borrower s real estate. Construction loans are generally limited, by policy, to 80 of the appraised value of the property. Land
loans are generally limited, by policy, to 65 of the appraised value of the property. The origination of construction and land loans
has not been a primary strategy of the Bank over the past few years to reduce risk in the Bank s loan portfolio. The balances of
construction and land loans decreased as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 primarily due to lower demand from the Bank s
loan customers for these types of loans. 

Commercial
Real Estate Lending . Commercial real estate loans, including multi-family loans, generally have amortization periods of 15 or
20 years. Commercial real estate and multi-family loans are generally limited, by policy, to 80 of the appraised value of the property.
Commercial real estate loans are also supported by an analysis demonstrating the borrower s ability to repay. The Bank continues
to focus on generating additional commercial real estate loan relationships. The Bank s loan growth over the past few years has
been driven in large part by commercial real estate loans. These loans are primarily made to customers with owner-occupied properties.
Additionally, the acquisition of Freedom Bank increased the Bank s commercial real estate loans. 

5 

Commercial
Lending . Commercial loans include loans to service, retail, wholesale and light manufacturing businesses. Commercial loans are
made based on the financial strength and repayment ability of the borrower, as well as the collateral securing the loans. The Bank targets
owner-operated businesses as its customers and makes lending decisions based upon a cash flow analysis of the borrower as well as a collateral
analysis. Accounts receivable loans and loans for inventory purchases are generally on a one-year renewable term, and loans for equipment
generally have a term of seven years or less. The Bank generally takes a blanket security interest in all assets of the borrower. Equipment
loans are generally limited to 75 of the cost or appraised value of the equipment. Inventory loans are generally limited to 50 of the
value of the inventory, and accounts receivable loans are generally limited to 75 of a predetermined eligible base. The Bank continues
to focus its organic growth on generating additional commercial loan relationships, including SBA loans. The balances of commercial loans
increased during 2022, due to the acquisition of Freedom Bank and organic growth. 

Paycheck
Protection Program Lending. Starting in 2020, the Bank participated as a lender in the SBA s Paycheck Protection Program PPP ). PPP is a loan program administered through the SBA to help businesses impacted by COVID-19, with the loans guaranteed
by the SBA. Through the first and second rounds of PPP lending, the Bank funded 2,195 loans totaling approximately 186.0 million. The
Bank received an origination fee from the SBA as part of the lending process. The loans have an interest rate of 1.00 plus the amortization
of the origination fee. The maturity date of these loans is two or five years unless the borrower s loan is forgiven, in which
case the loan may be repaid sooner. The majority of the Bank s PPP loans were forgiven in 2020, 2021 and 2022, leaving one loan
totaling 21,000 remaining at December 31, 2022. 

Agriculture
Lending. Agricultural real estate loans generally have amortization periods of 20 years or less, during which time the Bank generally
retains a security interest in the borrower s real estate. The Bank also provides short-term credit for operating loans and intermediate-term
loans for farm product, livestock and machinery purchases and other agricultural improvements. Farm product loans generally have a one-year
term, and machinery, equipment and breeding livestock loans generally have five to seven year terms. Extension of credit is based upon
the borrower s ability to repay, as well as the existence of federal guarantees and crop insurance coverage. These loans are generally
secured by a blanket lien on livestock, equipment, feed, hay, grain and growing crops. Equipment and breeding livestock loans are generally
limited to 75 of appraised value. The Bank continues to focus on generating additional agriculture loan relationships in each of its
market areas. Improvements in the financial results of the Bank s agriculture customers contributed to the decrease in these loan
balances as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. 

Municipal
Lending. Loans to municipalities are generally related to equipment leasing or general fund loans. Terms are generally limited
to 5 years. Equipment leases are generally made for the purchase of municipal assets and are secured by the leased asset. The Bank is
generally not active in the origination of municipal loans and leases; however, the Bank may originate loans or leases for municipalities
in its market area. 

Consumer
and Other Lending . Loans classified as consumer and other loans include automobile, boat, home improvement and home equity loans.
With the exception of home improvement loans and home equity loans, the Bank generally takes a purchase money security interest in collateral
for which it provides the original financing. Home improvement loans and home equity loans are principally secured through second mortgages.
The terms of the loans typically range from one to five years, depending upon the use of the proceeds, and generally range from 75 to
90 of the value of the collateral. The majority of these loans are installment loans with fixed interest rates. Home improvement and
home equity loans are generally secured by a second mortgage on the borrower s personal residence and, when combined with the first
mortgage, limited to 80 of the value of the property unless further protected by private mortgage insurance. Home improvement loans
are generally made for terms of five to seven years with fixed interest rates. Home equity loans are generally made for terms of ten
years on a revolving basis with adjustable monthly interest rates tied to the national prime interest rate. While the Bank primarily
provides consumer loans to its existing customers, consumer lending is not a category the Bank targets for organic growth. 

6 

Loan
Origination and Processing 

Loan
originations are derived from a number of sources. Residential loan originations result from real estate broker referrals, direct solicitation
by the Bank s loan officers, present depositors and borrowers, referrals from builders and attorneys, walk-in customers and, in
some instances, other lenders. Consumer and commercial real estate loan originations generally emanate from many of the same sources. 

Residential
loan applications are underwritten and closed based upon standards which generally meet secondary market guidelines. The loan underwriting
procedures followed by the Bank conform to regulatory specifications and are designed to assess both the borrower s ability to
make principal and interest payments and the value of any assets or property serving as collateral for the loan. Generally, as part of
the process, a loan officer meets with each applicant to obtain the appropriate employment and financial information as well as any other
required loan information. The Bank then obtains reports with respect to the borrower s credit record, and on real estate loans,
orders and reviews an appraisal of any collateral for the loan (prepared for the Bank by an independent appraiser). 

Loan
applicants are notified promptly of the decision of the Bank. Prior to closing any long-term loan, the borrower must provide proof of
fire and casualty insurance on the property serving as collateral, and such insurance must be maintained during the full term of the
loan. Title insurance is required on loans collateralized by real property. 

The
Bank is focusing on the generation of commercial, commercial real estate and agriculture loans to grow and diversify the loan portfolio.
Total gross loans increased during 2022 as a result of the acquisition of Freedom Bank and loan growth in the Bank s other markets.
The Bank was able to generate loan growth across the geographic markets that it serves, primarily in commercial, commercial real estate
and one-to-four residential real estate loans. 

Deposits 

The
Bank has a diversified deposit base. The deposit base consists of retail, commercial and public fund customers located in the
markets in which the Bank operates. The Bank is to is to provide a diverse financial suite of products to its deposit customers and
seeks to be the primary financial service provider for these customers. The Bank considers these deposit relationships to be its
core deposit base. If the Bank requires funding that exceeds these customer s deposit balances, non-core or brokered deposits
may be utilized. The balance of non-core or brokered deposits at December 31, 2022 was 10.3 million, or 0.8 of total deposits. 

In
order for the Bank to attract and retain stable deposit relationships, the Bank offers business cash management solution services to
help local companies better manage their cash flow. The expertise and experience of the Bank s management coupled with the latest
technology accessed through third party providers enables the Bank to maximize the growth of business-related deposits. 

As
for consumers, deposit growth is driven by a variety of factors including, but not limited to, population growth, bank and non-bank competition,
local bank mergers and consolidations, increases in household income, interest rates, accessibility of location and the sales efforts
of Bank personnel. Time deposits can be attracted and increased by paying an interest rate higher than that offered by competitors, but
are the costliest type of deposit. The most profitable type of deposits are non-interest bearing demand (checking) accounts, which can
be attracted by offering free checking. However, both high interest rates and free checking accounts generate certain expenses for a
bank and the desire to increase deposits must be balanced with the need to be profitable and the extent of banking relationships with
the customers. The deposit services of the Bank are generally comprised of demand deposits, savings deposits, money market deposits,
time deposits and individual retirement accounts. 

Supervision
and Regulation 

General 

FDIC-insured
institutions, like the Bank, their holding companies and their affiliates are extensively regulated under federal law. As a result, our
growth and earnings performance may be affected not only by management decisions and general economic conditions, but also by the requirements
of applicable statutes and by the regulations and policies of various bank regulatory agencies, including our primary regulator, the
Federal Reserve, and the Bank s primary regulator, the OCC, as well as the FDIC, as the insurer of our deposits, and the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau CFPB ), as the regulator of consumer financial services and their providers. Furthermore, taxation
laws administered by the Internal Revenue Service and state taxing authorities, accounting rules developed by the Financial Accounting
Standards Board FASB ), securities laws administered by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and
state securities authorities, and anti-money laundering laws enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury Treasury have an impact on our business. The effect of these statutes, regulations, regulatory policies and accounting rules are significant to
our operations and results. 

7 

Federal
and state banking laws impose a comprehensive system of supervision, regulation and enforcement on the operations of FDIC-insured institutions,
their holding companies and affiliates that is intended primarily for the protection of the FDIC-insured deposits and depositors of banks,
rather than shareholders. These laws, and the regulations of the bank regulatory agencies issued under them, affect, among other things,
the scope of our business, the kinds and amounts of investments we may make, required capital levels relative to assets, the nature and
amount of collateral for loans, the establishment of branches, our ability to merge, consolidate and acquire, dealings with the Company s
and the Bank s insiders and affiliates and our payment of dividends. In reaction to the global financial crisis and particularly
following passage of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ), we experienced
heightened regulatory requirements and scrutiny. Although the reforms primarily targeted systemically significant financial service providers,
their influence filtered down in varying degrees to community banks over time and caused our compliance and risk management processes,
and the costs thereof, to increase. The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act of 2018 Regulatory Relief
Act eliminated questions about the applicability of certain Dodd-Frank Act reforms to community bank systems, including relieving
us of any requirement to engage in mandatory stress tests, maintain a risk committee or comply with the Volcker Rule s complicated
prohibitions on proprietary trading and ownership of private funds. These reforms have been favorable to our operations. 

The
supervisory framework for U.S. banking organizations subjects banks and bank holding companies to regular examination by their respective
regulatory agencies, which results in examination reports and ratings that are not publicly available and that can impact the conduct
and growth of their business. These examinations consider not only compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but also capital
levels, asset quality and risk, management ability and performance, earnings, liquidity, and various other factors. The regulatory agencies
generally have broad discretion to impose restrictions and limitations on the operations of a regulated entity where the agencies determine,
among other things, that such operations are unsafe or unsound, fail to comply with applicable law or are otherwise inconsistent with
laws and regulations. 

The
following is a summary of the material elements of the supervisory and regulatory framework applicable to the Company and the Bank. It
does not describe all of the statutes, regulations and regulatory policies that apply, nor does it restate all of the requirements of
those that are described. The descriptions are qualified in their entirety by reference to the particular statutory and regulatory provision. 

The
Role of Capital 

Regulatory
capital represents the net assets of a banking organization available to absorb losses. Because of the risks attendant to their business,
FDIC-insured institutions are generally required to hold more capital than other businesses, which directly affects our earnings capabilities.
Although capital has historically been one of the key measures of the financial health of both bank holding companies and banks, its
role became fundamentally more important in the wake of the global financial crisis, as the banking regulators recognized that the amount
and quality of capital held by banks prior to the crisis was insufficient to absorb losses during periods of severe stress. 

Capital
Levels. Banks have been required to hold minimum levels of capital based on guidelines established by the bank regulatory agencies
since 1983. The minimums have been expressed in terms of ratios of capital divided by total assets . The capital
guidelines for U.S. banks beginning in 1989 have been based upon international capital accords (known as Basel rules) adopted
by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, a committee of central banks and bank supervisors that acts as the primary global standard-setter
for prudential regulation, as implemented by the U.S. bank regulatory agencies on an interagency basis. The accords recognized that bank
assets for the purpose of the capital ratio calculations needed to be risk weighted (the theory being that riskier assets should require
more capital) and that off-balance sheet exposures needed to be factored in the calculations. Following the global financial crisis,
the Group of Governors and Heads of Supervision, the oversight body of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, announced agreement
on a strengthened set of capital requirements for banking organizations around the world, known as Basel III, to address deficiencies
recognized in connection with the global financial crisis. 

8 

The
Basel III Rule . The United States bank regulatory agencies adopted the Basel III regulatory capital reforms, and, at the same
time, effected changes required by the Dodd-Frank Act, in regulations that were effective (with certain phase-ins) in 2015. Basel III,
or the Basel III Rule , established capital standards for banks and bank holding companies that are meaningfully more stringent
than those in place previously: it increased the required quantity and quality of capital; and it required a more complex, detailed and
calibrated assessment of risk in the calculation of risk weightings. The Basel III Rule is applicable to all banking organizations that
are subject to minimum capital requirements, including federal and state banks and savings and loan associations, as well as to holding
companies, other than small bank holding companies (generally certain holding companies with consolidated assets of less
than 3 billion, which at this juncture does not include us) and certain qualifying banking organizations that may elect a simplified
framework (which we have not done). Thus, the Company and the Bank are each currently subject to the Basel III Rule as described below. 

Not
only did the Basel III Rule increase most of the required minimum capital ratios in effect prior to January 1, 2015, but, in requiring
that forms of capital be of higher quality to absorb loss, it introduced the concept of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, which consists
primarily of common stock, related surplus (net of Treasury stock), retained earnings, and Common Equity Tier 1 minority interests subject
to certain regulatory adjustments. The Basel III Rule also changed the definition of capital by establishing more stringent criteria
that instruments must meet to be considered Additional Tier 1 Capital (primarily non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock that meets
certain requirements) and Tier 2 Capital (primarily other types of preferred stock and subordinated debt, subject to limitations). The
Basel III Rule also constrained the inclusion of minority interests, mortgage-servicing assets, and deferred tax assets in capital and
required deductions from Common Equity Tier 1 Capital in the event that such assets exceeded a percentage of a banking institution s
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital. 

The
Basel III Rule required minimum capital ratios as of January 1, 2015, as follows: 

A
 ratio of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital equal to 4.5 of risk-weighted assets; 

A
 ratio of Tier 1 Capital equal to 6 of risk-weighted assets; 

A
 continuation of the minimum required amount of Total Capital (Tier 1 plus Tier 2) at 8 of
 risk-weighted assets; and 

A
 leverage ratio of Tier 1 Capital to total quarterly average assets equal to 4 in all circumstances. 

In
addition, institutions that seek the freedom to make capital distributions (including for dividends and repurchases of stock) and pay
discretionary bonuses to executive officers without restriction must also maintain 2.5 in Common Equity Tier 1 Capital attributable
to a capital conservation buffer. The purpose of the conservation buffer is to ensure that banking institutions maintain a buffer of
capital that can be used to absorb losses during periods of financial and economic stress. Factoring in the conservation buffer increases
the minimum ratios depicted above to 7 for Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, 8.5 for Tier 1 Capital and 10.5 for Total Capital. 

Well-Capitalized
Requirements . The ratios described above are minimum standards in order for banking organizations to be considered adequately
capitalized. Bank regulatory agencies uniformly encourage banks to hold more capital and be well-capitalized and,
to that end, federal law and regulations provide various incentives for banking organizations to maintain regulatory capital at levels
in excess of minimum regulatory requirements. For example, a banking organization that is well-capitalized may: (i) qualify for exemptions
from prior notice or application requirements otherwise applicable to certain types of activities; (ii) qualify for expedited processing
of other required notices or applications; and (iii) accept, roll-over or renew brokered deposits. Higher capital levels could also be
required if warranted by the particular circumstances or risk profiles of individual banking organizations. For example, the Federal
Reserve s capital guidelines contemplate that additional capital may be required to take adequate account of, among other things,
interest rate risk, or the risks posed by concentrations of credit, nontraditional activities or securities trading activities. Further,
any banking organization experiencing or anticipating significant growth would be expected to maintain capital ratios, including tangible
capital positions i.e. , Tier 1 Capital less all intangible assets), well above the minimum levels. 

9 

Under
the capital regulations of the Federal Reserve for the Company and the OCC for the Bank, in order to be well-capitalized, we must maintain: 

A
 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ratio to risk-weighted assets of 6.5 or more; 

A
 ratio of Tier 1 Capital to total risk-weighted assets of 8 or more; 

A
 ratio of Total Capital to total risk-weighted assets of 10 or more; and 

A
 leverage ratio of Tier 1 Capital to total adjusted average quarterly assets of 5 or greater. 

It
is possible under the Basel III Rule to be well-capitalized while remaining out of compliance with the capital conservation buffer discussed
above. 

As
of December 31, 2022: (i) the Bank was not subject to a directive from the OCC to increase its capital and (ii) the Bank was well-capitalized,
as defined by OCC regulations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had regulatory capital in excess of the Federal Reserve s requirements
and met the Basel III Rule requirements to be well-capitalized. We are also in compliance with the capital conservation buffer. 

Prompt
Corrective Action . The concept of being well-capitalized is part of a regulatory regime that provides the federal
banking regulators with broad power to take prompt corrective action to resolve the problems of undercapitalized institutions
based on the capital level of each particular institution. The extent of the regulators powers depends on whether the institution
in question is adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized or
 critically undercapitalized, in each case as defined by regulation. Depending upon the capital category to which an institution
is assigned, the regulators corrective powers include: (i) requiring the institution to submit a capital restoration plan; (ii)
limiting the institution s asset growth and restricting its activities; (iii) requiring the institution to issue additional capital
stock (including additional voting stock) or to sell itself; (iv) restricting transactions between the institution and its affiliates;
(v) restricting the interest rate that the institution may pay on deposits; (vi) ordering a new election of directors of the institution;
(vii) requiring that senior executive officers or directors be dismissed; (viii) prohibiting the institution from accepting deposits
from correspondent banks; (ix) requiring the institution to divest certain subsidiaries; (x) prohibiting the payment of principal or
interest on subordinated debt; and (xi) ultimately, appointing a receiver for the institution. 

Community
Bank Capital Simplification. Community banks have long raised concerns with bank regulators about the regulatory burden, complexity,
and costs associated with certain provisions of the Basel III Rule. In response, Congress provided an off-ramp for institutions,
like us, with total consolidated assets of less than 10 billion. Section 201 of the Regulatory Relief Act instructed the federal banking
regulators to establish a single Community Bank Leverage Ratio CBLR of between 8 and 10 . Under the final
rule, a community banking organization is eligible to elect the new framework if it has: less than 10 billion in total consolidated
assets, limited amounts of certain assets and off-balance sheet exposures, and a CBLR greater than 9 . We may elect the CBLR framework
at any time but have not currently determined to do so. 

Supervision
and Regulation of the Company 

General.
 The Company, as the sole shareholder of the Bank, is a bank holding company. As a bank holding company, we are registered with,
and subject to regulation, supervision and enforcement by, the Federal Reserve under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended
(the BHCA ). We are legally obligated to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to the Bank and to commit
resources to support the Bank in circumstances where we might not otherwise do so. Under the BHCA, we are subject to periodic examination
by the Federal Reserve and is required to file with the Federal Reserve periodic reports of our operations and such additional information
regarding the Company and the Bank as the Federal Reserve may require. 

Acquisitions
and Activities. The primary purpose of a bank holding company is to control and manage banks. The BHCA generally requires the
prior approval of the Federal Reserve for any merger involving a bank holding company or any acquisition by a bank holding company of
another bank or bank holding company. Subject to certain conditions (including deposit concentration limits established by the BHCA),
the Federal Reserve may allow a bank holding company to acquire banks located in any state of the United States. In approving interstate
acquisitions, the Federal Reserve is required to give effect to applicable state law limitations on the aggregate amount of deposits
that may be held by the acquiring bank holding company and its FDIC-insured institution affiliates in the state in which the target bank
is located (provided that those limits do not discriminate against out-of-state institutions or their holding companies) and state laws
that require that the target bank have been in existence for a minimum period of time (not to exceed five years) before being acquired
by an out-of-state bank holding company. Furthermore, in accordance with the Dodd-Frank Act, bank holding companies must be well-capitalized
and well-managed in order to effect interstate mergers or acquisitions. For a discussion of the capital requirements, see The
Role of Capital above. 

10 

The
BHCA generally prohibits the Company from acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares of any
company that is not a bank and from engaging in any business other than that of banking, managing and controlling banks or furnishing
services to banks and their subsidiaries. This general prohibition is subject to a number of exceptions. The principal exception allows
bank holding companies to engage in, and to own shares of companies engaged in, certain businesses found by the Federal Reserve prior
to November 11, 1999 to be so closely related to banking ... as to be a proper incident thereto. This authority would permit
the Company to engage in a variety of banking-related businesses, including the ownership and operation of a savings association, or
any entity engaged in consumer finance, equipment leasing, the operation of a computer service bureau (including software development)
and mortgage banking and brokerage services. The BHCA does not place territorial restrictions on the domestic activities of nonbank subsidiaries
of bank holding companies. 

Additionally,
bank holding companies that meet certain eligibility requirements prescribed by the BHCA and elect to operate as financial holding companies
may engage in, or own shares in companies engaged in, a wider range of nonbanking activities, including securities and insurance underwriting
and sales, merchant banking and any other activity that the Federal Reserve, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, determines
by regulation or order is financial in nature or incidental to any such financial activity or that the Federal Reserve determines by
order to be complementary to any such financial activity, as long as the activity does not pose a substantial risk to the safety or soundness
of FDIC-insured institutions or the financial system generally. We elected to operate as a financial holding company in May, 2017. In
order to maintain our status as a financial holding company, both the Company and the Bank must be well-capitalized, well-managed, and
the Bank must have at least a satisfactory CRA rating. If the Federal Reserve determines that either we or the Bank is not well-capitalized
or well-managed, the Federal Reserve will provide a period of time in which to achieve compliance, but during the period of noncompliance,
the Federal Reserve may place any limitations on us that it deems appropriate. Furthermore, if non-compliance is based on the failure
of the Bank to achieve a satisfactory CRA rating, we would not be able to commence any new financial activities or acquire a company
that engages in such activities. 

Change
in Control . Federal law prohibits any person or company from acquiring control of an FDIC-insured depository institution
or its holding company without prior notice to the appropriate federal bank regulator. Control is conclusively presumed
to exist upon the acquisition of 25 or more of the outstanding voting securities of a bank or bank holding company, but may arise under
certain circumstances between 10 and 24.99 ownership. 

Capital
Requirements. We file consolidated capital reports with the Federal Reserve under the Basel III Rule. For a discussion of capital
requirements, see the Role of Capital above. 

Dividend
Payments. Our ability to pay dividends to shareholders may be affected by both general corporate law considerations and policies
of the Federal Reserve applicable to bank holding companies . As a Delaware corporation, we are subject to the limitations of the
Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ). The DGCL allows us to pay dividends only out of its surplus (as defined and
computed in accordance with the provisions of the DGCL) or if we have no such surplus, out of its net profits for the fiscal year in
which the dividend is declared and/or the preceding fiscal year. 

As
a general matter, the Federal Reserve has indicated that the board of directors of a bank holding company should eliminate, defer or
significantly reduce dividends to shareholders if: (i) the company s net income available to shareholders for the past four quarters,
net of dividends previously paid during that period, is not sufficient to fully fund the dividends; (ii) the prospective rate of earnings
retention is inconsistent with the company s capital needs and overall current and prospective financial condition; or (iii) the
company will not meet, or is in danger of not meeting, its minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios. The Federal Reserve also possesses
enforcement powers over bank holding companies and their nonbank subsidiaries to prevent or remedy actions that represent unsafe or unsound
practices or violations of applicable statutes and regulations. Among these powers is the ability to proscribe the payment of dividends
by banks and bank holding companies. In addition, under the Basel III Rule, institutions that seek the freedom to pay dividends have
to maintain 2.5 in Common Equity Tier 1 Capital attributable to the capital conservation buffer. See The Role of Capital 
above. 

Monetary
Policy. The monetary policy of the Federal Reserve has a significant effect on the operating results of financial or bank holding
companies and their subsidiaries, and this is evidenced in its reaction to the COVID-19 pandemic. Among the tools available to the Federal
Reserve to affect the money supply are open market transactions in U.S. government securities and changes in the discount rate on bank
borrowings. These means are used in varying combinations to influence overall growth and distribution of bank loans, investments and
deposits, and their use may affect interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits. 

11 

Corporate
Governance . The Dodd-Frank Act addressed many investor protection, corporate governance and executive compensation matters that
will affect most U.S. publicly traded companies. It increased stockholder influence over boards of directors by requiring companies to
give stockholders a nonbinding vote on executive compensation and so-called golden parachute payments, and authorizing
the SEC to promulgate rules that would allow stockholders to nominate and solicit voters for their own candidates using a company s
proxy materials. The legislation also directed the Federal Reserve to promulgate rules prohibiting excessive compensation paid to executives
of bank holding companies, regardless of whether such companies are publicly traded. 

Supervision
and Regulation of the Bank 

General.
 The Bank is a national bank, chartered by the OCC under the National Bank Act. The deposit accounts of the Bank are insured by
the DIF to the maximum extent provided under federal law and FDIC regulations, currently 250,000 per insured depositor category, and
the Bank is a member of the Federal Reserve System. As a national bank, the Bank is subject to the examination, supervision, reporting
and enforcement requirements of the OCC, the chartering authority for national banks. The Bank is subject to that authority and is examined
by the OCC. The FDIC, as administrator of the DIF, also has regulatory authority over the Bank. 

Deposit
Insurance . As an FDIC-insured institution, the Bank is required to pay deposit insurance premium assessments to the FDIC. The
FDIC has adopted a risk-based assessment system whereby FDIC-insured institutions pay insurance premiums at rates based on their risk
classification. For institutions like the Bank that are not considered large and highly complex banking organizations, assessments are
now based on examination ratings and financial ratios. The total base assessment rates currently range from 1.5 basis points to 30 basis
points. At least semi-annually, the FDIC updates its loss and income projections for the DIF and, if needed, increases or decreases the
assessment rates, following notice and comment on proposed rulemaking. 

The
reserve ratio is the DIF balance divided by estimated insured deposits. In response to the global financial crisis, the Dodd-Frank Act
increased the minimum reserve ratio from 1.15 to 1.35 of the estimated amount of total insured deposits. Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic,
the reserve ratio briefly exceeded the statutory threshold, but, because of extraordinary insured deposit growth caused by an unprecedented
inflow of deposits during the pandemic, the reserve ratio fell below 1.35 and continues to be below the threshold. The FDIC staff closely
monitors the factors that affect the reserve ratio, and, in order to raise the reserve ratio to 1.35 by September 30, 2028, the FDIC
increased the initial deposit insurance rates by two basis points, beginning with the first quarterly assessment period of the 2023 assessment.
As a result of this change, the Bank s FDIC insurance assessment will increase beginning in 2023. 

The
DIF balance was approximately 125.5 billion on September 30, 2022, up 1.0 billion from the end of the second quarter. The reserve ratio
remained at 1.26 , as growth in the fund balance kept pace with growth in insured deposits. The FDIC staff continues to closely monitor
the factors that affect the reserve ratio, and any change could impact FDIC assessments. 

Given the recent actions of the
FDIC to apply increased insurance limits for all depositors of Silicon Valley Bank in California and Signature Bank in New York as a result
of their respective failures for reasons cited primarily as liquidity issues, it is possible that an overhaul of the deposit insurance
limits and an increase in premiums applied to FDIC-insured institutions may occur. 

Supervisory
Assessments . National banks are required to pay supervisory assessments to the OCC to fund the operations of the OCC. The amount
of the assessment is calculated using a formula that considers the bank s size and its supervisory condition. During the year ended
December 31, 2022, the Bank paid supervisory assessments to the OCC totaling 238,000. 

Capital
Requirements. Banks are generally required to maintain capital levels in excess of other businesses. For a discussion of capital
requirements, see The Role of Capital above. 

Liquidity
Requirements. Liquidity is a measure of the ability and ease with which bank assets may be converted to cash. Liquid assets are
those that can be converted to cash quickly if needed to meet financial obligations. To remain viable, FDIC-insured institutions must
have enough liquid assets to meet their near-term obligations, such as withdrawals by depositors. Because the global financial crisis
was in part a liquidity crisis, Basel III also includes a liquidity framework that requires FDIC-insured institutions to measure their
liquidity against specific liquidity tests. One test, referred to as the Liquidity Coverage Ratio, or LCR, is designed to ensure that
the banking entity has an adequate stock of unencumbered high-quality liquid assets that can be converted easily and immediately in private
markets into cash to meet liquidity needs for a 30-calendar day liquidity stress scenario. The other test, known as the Net Stable Funding
Ratio, or NSFR, is designed to promote more medium- and long-term funding of the assets and activities of FDIC-insured institutions over
a one-year horizon. These tests provide an incentive for banks and holding companies to increase their holdings in Treasury securities
and other sovereign debt as a component of assets, increase the use of long-term debt as a funding source and rely on stable funding
like core deposits (in lieu of brokered deposits). 

12 

In
addition to liquidity guidelines already in place, the federal bank regulatory agencies implemented the Basel III LCR in 2014 and have
proposed the NSFR. While these rules do not, and will not, apply to the Bank, we continue to review our liquidity risk management policies
in light of developments. 

As noted previously, the recent
bank failures of Silicon Valley Bank in California and Signature Bank in New York for reasons cited primarily as liquidity issues, it
is likely that the Federal Reserve, in conjunction with other bank regulatory agencies, may introduce additional liquidity requirements
to help manage future abnormally high depositor withdrawals. 

Dividend
Payments. The primary source of funds for the Company is dividends from the Bank. Under the National Bank Act, a national bank
may pay dividends out of its undivided profits in such amounts and at such times as the bank s board of directors deems prudent.
Without prior OCC approval, however, a national bank may not pay dividends in any calendar year that, in the aggregate, exceed the bank s
year-to-date net income plus the bank s retained net income for the two preceding years. The payment of dividends by any FDIC-insured
institution is affected by the requirement to maintain adequate capital pursuant to applicable capital adequacy guidelines and regulations,
and an FDIC-insured institution generally is prohibited from paying any dividends if, following payment thereof, the institution would
be undercapitalized. As described above, the Bank exceeded its capital requirements under applicable guidelines as of December 31, 2022.
Notwithstanding the availability of funds for dividends, however, the OCC may prohibit the payment of dividends by the Bank if it determines
such payment would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice. In addition, under the Basel III Rule, institutions that seek the freedom
to pay dividends have to maintain 2.5 in Common Equity Tier 1 Capital attributable to the capital conservation buffer. See The
Role of Capital above. 

Insider
Transactions. The Bank is subject to certain restrictions imposed by federal law on covered transactions between
the Bank and its affiliates. The Company is an affiliate of the Bank for purposes of these restrictions, and covered transactions
subject to the restrictions include extensions of credit to the Company, investments in the stock or other securities of the Company
and the acceptance of the stock or other securities of the Company as collateral for loans made by the Bank. The Dodd-Frank Act enhanced
the requirements for certain transactions with affiliates, including an expansion of the definition of covered transactions 
and an increase in the amount of time for which collateral requirements regarding covered transactions must be maintained. 

Certain
limitations and reporting requirements are also placed on extensions of credit by the Bank to its directors and officers, to directors
and officers of the Company and its subsidiaries, to principal shareholders of the Company and to related interests of
such directors, officers and principal shareholders. In addition, federal law and regulations may affect the terms on which any person
who is a director or officer of the Company or the Bank, or a principal shareholder of the Company, may obtain credit from banks with
which the Bank maintains a correspondent relationship. 

Safety
and Soundness Standards/Risk Management. FDIC-insured institutions are expected to operate in a safe and sound manner. The federal
banking agencies have adopted operational and managerial standards to promote the safety and soundness of such institutions that address
internal controls, information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset
growth, compensation, fees and benefits, asset quality and earnings. 

In
general, the safety and soundness standards prescribe the goals to be achieved in each area, and each institution is responsible for
establishing its own procedures to achieve those goals. If an institution fails to operate in a safe and sound manner, the FDIC-insured
institution s primary federal regulator may require the institution to submit a plan for achieving and maintaining compliance.
If an FDIC-insured institution fails to submit an acceptable compliance plan, or fails in any material respect to implement a compliance
plan that has been accepted by its primary federal regulator, the regulator is required to issue an order directing the institution to
cure the deficiency. Until the deficiency cited in the regulator s order is cured, the regulator may restrict the FDIC-insured
institution s rate of growth, require the FDIC-insured institution to increase its capital, restrict the rates that the institution
pays on deposits or require the institution to take any action that the regulator deems appropriate under the circumstances. Operating
in an unsafe or unsound manner will also constitute grounds for other enforcement action by the federal bank regulatory agencies, including
cease and desist orders and civil money penalty assessments. 

13 

During
the past decade, the bank regulatory agencies have increasingly emphasized the importance of sound risk management processes and strong
internal controls when evaluating the activities of the FDIC-insured institutions they supervise. Properly managing risk has been identified
as critical to the conduct of safe and sound banking activities and has become even more important as new technologies, product innovation,
and the size and speed of financial transactions have changed the nature of banking markets. The agencies have identified a spectrum
of risks facing a banking institution including, but not limited to, credit, market, liquidity, operational, legal and reputational risk.
The key risk themes identified for 2023 are discussed under Risk Factors. The Bank is expected to have active board
and senior management oversight; adequate policies, procedures and limits; adequate risk measurement, monitoring and management information
systems; and comprehensive internal controls. 

Privacy
and Cybersecurity . The Bank is subject to many U.S. federal and state laws and regulations governing requirements for maintaining
policies and procedures to protect non-public confidential information of their customers. These laws require the Bank to periodically
disclose its privacy policies and practices relating to sharing such information and permit consumers to opt out of their ability to
share information with unaffiliated third parties under certain circumstances. They also impact the Bank s ability to share certain
information with affiliates and non-affiliates for marketing and/or non-marketing purposes, or to contact customers with marketing offers.
In addition, as a part of its operational risk mitigation, the Bank is required to implement a comprehensive information security program
that includes administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to ensure the security and confidentiality of customer records and information
and to require the same of its service providers. These security and privacy policies and procedures are in effect across all business
lines and geographic locations. 

Risks
and exposures related to cybersecurity require financial institutions to design multiple layers of security controls to establish lines
of defense and to ensure that their risk management processes also address the risk posed by compromised customer credentials, including
security measures to reliably authenticate customers accessing internet-based services of the financial institution. Bank management
is expected to maintain sufficient business continuity planning processes to ensure the rapid recovery, resumption and maintenance of
the institution s operations after a cyber-attack involving destructive malware. 

Branching
Authority . National banks headquartered in Kansas, such as the Bank, have the same branching rights in Kansas as banks chartered
under Kansas law, subject to OCC approval. Kansas law grants Kansas-chartered banks the authority to establish branches anywhere in the
State of Kansas, subject to receipt of all required regulatory approvals. The Dodd-Frank Act permits well-capitalized and well-managed
banks to establish new branches across state lines without legal impediments. However, while Federal law permits state and national banks
to merge with banks in other states, such mergers are subject to: (i) regulatory approval; (ii) federal and state deposit concentration
limits; and (iii) state law limitations requiring the merging bank to have been in existence for a minimum period of time (not to exceed
five years) prior to the merger. 

Financial
Subsidiaries. Under federal law and OCC regulations, national banks are authorized to engage, through financial subsidiaries, 
in any activity that is permissible for a financial holding company and any activity that the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation
with the Federal Reserve, determines is financial in nature or incidental to any such financial activity, except (i) insurance underwriting,
(ii) real estate development or real estate investment activities (unless otherwise permitted by law), (iii) insurance company portfolio
investments and (iv) merchant banking. The authority of a national bank to invest in a financial subsidiary is subject to a number of
conditions, including, among other things, requirements that the bank must be well-managed and well-capitalized (after deducting from
capital the bank s outstanding investments in financial subsidiaries). The Bank has not applied for approval to establish any financial
subsidiaries. 

Transaction
Account Reserves. Federal law requires FDIC-insured institutions to maintain reserves against their transaction accounts (primarily
NOW and regular checking accounts) to provide liquidity. The amount of reserves is established by the Federal Reserve based on tranches
of zero, three and ten percent of a bank s transaction account deposits. However, in March 2020, in an unprecedented move, the
Federal Reserve announced that the banking system had ample reserves, and, as reserve requirements no longer played a significant role
in this regime, it reduced all reserve tranches to zero percent, thereby freeing banks from the legally mandated reserve maintenance
requirement. The action permits the Bank to loan or invest funds that were previously unavailable. The Federal Reserve has indicated
that it expects to continue to operate in an ample reserves regime for the foreseeable future. 

Community
Reinvestment Act Requirements. The CRA requires the Bank to have a continuing and affirmative obligation in a safe and sound
manner to help meet the credit needs of its entire community, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. Federal regulators regularly
assess the Bank s record of meeting the credit needs of its communities. Applications for additional acquisitions would be affected
by the evaluation of the Bank s effectiveness in meeting its CRA obligations. 

Given the recent bank failures
of Silicon Valley Bank in California and Signature Bank in New York for reasons cited primarily as liquidity issues, it is possible that
the Federal Reserve, in conjunction with other bank regulatory agencies, may increase transaction account reserves for FDIC-insured institutions
to help manage abnormally high depositor withdrawals. 

14 

In
May 2022, the bank regulatory agencies issued a notice of proposed rulemaking called the Joint Proposal to Strengthen and Modernize Community
Reinvestment Act Regulations (the CRA Proposal ). The CRA Proposal is designed to update how CRA activities qualify for
consideration, where CRA activities are considered, and how CRA activities are evaluated. More specifically, the bank regulatory agencies
described the goals of the CRA Proposal as follows: (i) to expand access to credit, investment, and basic banking services in low and
moderate income communities; (ii) to adapt to changes in the banking industry, including mobile and internet banking by modernizing assessment
areas while maintaining a focus on branch based areas; (iii) to provide greater clarity, consistency, and transparency in the application
of the regulations through the use of standardized metrics as part of CRA evaluation and clarifying eligible CRA activities focused on
low and moderate income communities and under served rural communities; (iv) to tailor CRA rules and data collection to bank size
and business model; and (v) to maintain a unified approach among the regulators. A final rule has not yet been issued. 

Anti-Money
Laundering. The USA PATRIOT Act, the Bank Secrecy Act and other similar laws are designed to deny terrorists and criminals the
ability to obtain access to the U.S. financial system and have significant implications for FDIC-insured institutions and other businesses
involved in the transfer of money. These laws mandate financial services companies to have policies and procedures with respect to measures
designed to address the following matters: (i) customer identification programs; (ii) money laundering; (iii) terrorist financing; (iv)
identifying and reporting suspicious activities and currency transactions; (v) currency crimes; and (vi) cooperation between FDIC-insured
institutions and law enforcement authorities. 

Concentrations
in Commercial Real Estate. Concentration risk exists when FDIC-insured institutions deploy too many assets to any one industry
or segment. A concentration in commercial real estate is one example of regulatory concern. The interagency Concentrations in Commercial
Real Estate Lending, Sound Risk Management Practices guidance CRE Guidance provides supervisory criteria, including the
following numerical indicators, to assist bank examiners in identifying banks with potentially significant CRE loan concentrations that
may warrant greater supervisory scrutiny: (i) CRE loans exceeding 300 of capital and increasing 50 or more in the preceding three years;
or (ii) construction and land development loans exceeding 100 of capital. The CRE Guidance does not limit banks levels of commercial
real estate lending activities, but rather guides institutions in developing risk management practices and levels of capital that are
commensurate with the level and nature of their commercial real estate concentrations. On December 18, 2015, the federal banking agencies
issued a statement to reinforce prudent risk-management practices related to CRE lending, having observed substantial growth in many
CRE asset and lending markets, increased competitive pressures, rising CRE concentrations in banks, and an easing of CRE underwriting
standards. The federal bank agencies reminded FDIC-insured institutions to maintain underwriting discipline and exercise prudent risk-management
practices to identify, measure, monitor, and manage the risks arising from CRE lending. In addition, FDIC-insured institutions must maintain
capital commensurate with the level and nature of their CRE concentration risk. 

Based
on the Bank s loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022, we do not exceed the 300 guideline for commercial real estate loans. 

Consumer
Financial Services. The historical structure of federal consumer protection regulation applicable to all providers of consumer
financial products and services changed significantly on July 21, 2011, when the CFPB commenced operations to supervise and enforce consumer
protection laws. The CFPB has broad rulemaking authority for a wide range of consumer protection laws that apply to all providers of
consumer products and services, including the Bank, as well as the authority to prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts
and practices. The CFPB has examination and enforcement authority over providers with more than 10 billion in assets. FDIC-insured institutions
with 10 billion or less in assets, like the Bank, continue to be examined by their applicable bank regulators. 

Because
abuses in connection with residential mortgages were a significant factor contributing to the financial crisis, many rules issued by
the CFPB, as required by the Dodd-Frank Act, addressed mortgage and mortgage-related products, their underwriting, origination, servicing
and sales. The Dodd-Frank Act significantly expanded underwriting requirements applicable to loans secured by 1-4 family residential
real property and augmented federal law combating predatory lending practices. In addition to numerous disclosure requirements, the Dodd-Frank
Act and CFPB rules imposed new standards for mortgage loan originations on all lenders, including banks and savings associations, in
an effort to strongly encourage lenders to verify a borrower s ability to repay, while also establishing a presumption of compliance
for certain qualified mortgages. The Regulatory Relief Act provided relief in connection with mortgages for banks with
assets of less than 10 billion, and, as a result, mortgages the Bank makes are now considered to be qualified mortgages if they are
held in portfolio for the life of the loan. The CFPB s rules have not had a significant impact on the Bank s operations,
except for higher compliance costs. 

Company
Web Site 

The
Company maintains a corporate website at www.landmarkbancorpinc.com . In addition, the Company has an investor relations link at
the Bank s corporate website at www.banklandmark.com . Many of the Company s policies, including its code of business
conduct and ethics, committee charters and other investor information, are available on its website. The Company makes available free
of charge on or through its website its Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, amendments
to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, proxy statements, and annual reports as soon
as reasonably practicable after the Company electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the SEC. Copies of the Company s
filings with the SEC are also available from the SEC s website http://www.sec.gov free of charge. The Company will also
provide copies of its filings free of charge upon written request to our Corporate Secretary at Landmark Bancorp, Inc., 701 Poyntz Avenue,
Manhattan, Kansas 66502. 

15 

Statistical
Data 

The
Company has a fiscal year ending on December 31. Unless otherwise noted, the information presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
presents information on behalf of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Certain
of the statistical data required to be disclosed by banks pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 is set forth in the following pages.
This data should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements, related notes and Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

I.
Distribution of Assets, Liabilities, and Stockholders Equity; Interest Rates and Interest Differential 

The
following table describes the extent to which changes in tax equivalent interest income and interest expense for major components of
interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities affected the Company s interest income and expense during the periods
indicated. The table distinguishes between (i) changes attributable to rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior volume), (ii) changes
attributable to volume (changes in volume multiplied by prior rate), and (iii) net change (the sum of the previous columns). The net
changes attributable to the combined effect of volume and rate which cannot be segregated have been allocated proportionately to the
change due to volume and the change due to rate. 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 vs 2021 
 2021 vs 2020 

Increase/(decrease) attributable to 
 Increase/(decrease) attributable to 

Volume 
 Rate 
 Net 
 Volume 
 Rate 
 Net 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Interest income: 

Interest-bearing deposits at banks 
 (37 
 171 
 134 
 133 
 (14 
 119 
 
 Investment securities 

Taxable 
 2,493 
 916 
 3,409 
 784 
 (1,888 
 (1,104 
 
 Tax-exempt (1) 
 (799 
 781 
 (18 
 (37 
 (279 
 (316 
 
 Loans (2) 
 541 
 (682 
 (141 
 1,018 
 795 
 1,813 
 
 Total 
 2,198 
 1,186 
 3,384 
 1,898 
 (1,386 
 512 
 
 Interest expense: 

Deposits 
 51 
 1,702 
 1,753 
 335 
 (1,417 
 (1,082 
 
 FHLB advances and other borrowings 
 449 
 503 
 952 
 (135 
 (35 
 (170 
 
 Repurchase agreeements 
 28 
 107 
 135 
 (10 
 (1 
 (11 
 
 Total 
 528 
 2,312 
 2,840 
 190 
 (1,453 
 (1,263 
 
 Net interest income 
 1,670 
 (1,126 
 544 
 1,708 
 67 
 1,775 

(1) 
 The change in tax-exempt income on investment securities is
 presented on a fully taxable equivalent basis, using a 21 federal tax rate. 

(2) 
 The change in tax-exempt loan income is presented on a fully taxable equivalent basis, using a 21 federal tax rate. 

16 

The
following table sets forth information relating to average balances of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities for the
years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Average balances are derived from daily average balances. Non-accrual loans were included
in the computation of average balances but have been reflected in the table as loans carrying a zero yield. The yields set forth in the
table below include the effect of deferred fees, discounts and premiums that are amortized or accreted to interest income or interest
expense. This table reflects the average yields on assets and average costs of liabilities for the periods indicated (derived by dividing
income or expense by the monthly average balance of assets or liabilities, respectively) as well as the net interest margin 
(which reflects the effect of the net earnings balance) for the periods shown. 

Year
 ended 
 December 31, 2022 
 Year
 ended 
 December 31, 2021 
 Year
 ended 
 December 31, 2020 

Average
 balance 
 Income/
 expense 
 Yield/
 cost 
 Average
 balance 
 Income/
 expense 
 Yield/
 cost 
 Average
 balance 
 Income/
 expense 
 Yield/
 cost 

(Dollars
 in thousands) 

Assets 

Interest-earning
 assets: 

Interest
 bearing deposits at banks 
 60,014 
 321 
 0.53 
 120,171 
 187 
 0.16 
 19,435 
 68 
 0.35 

Investment
 securities 

Taxable 
 342,131 
 6,414 
 1.87 
 202,003 
 3,005 
 1.49 
 175,547 
 4,109 
 2.34 

Tax-exempt
 (1) 
 132,601 
 3,798 
 2.86 
 141,056 
 3,816 
 2.71 
 142,315 
 4,132 
 2.90 

Loans
 receivable, net (2) 
 702,247 
 33,493 
 4.77 
 689,908 
 33,634 
 4.88 
 668,326 
 31,821 
 4.76 

Total
 interest-earning assets 
 1,236,993 
 44,026 
 3.56 
 1,153,138 
 40,642 
 3.52 
 1,005,623 
 40,130 
 3.99 

Non-interest-earning
 assets 
 120,486 

102,558 

95,800 

Total 
 1,357,479 

1,255,696 

1,101,423 

Liabilities
 and Stockholders Equity 

Interest-bearing
 liabilities: 

Money
 market and checking 
 535,693 
 2,318 
 0.43 
 503,433 
 500 
 0.10 
 425,525 
 899 
 0.21 

Savings
 accounts 
 169,478 
 46 
 0.03 
 145,200 
 47 
 0.03 
 114,280 
 40 
 0.04 

Certificates
 of deposit 
 98,975 
 412 
 0.42 
 116,904 
 476 
 0.41 
 133,412 
 1,166 
 0.87 

Total
 deposits 
 804,146 
 2,776 
 0.35 
 765,537 
 1,023 
 0.13 
 673,217 
 2,105 
 0.31 

FHLB
 advances and other borrowings 
 36,712 
 1,424 
 3.88 
 21,653 
 472 
 2.18 
 27,750 
 642 
 2.31 

Repurchase
 agreements 
 13,239 
 146 
 1.10 
 5,915 
 11 
 0.19 
 11,066 
 22 
 0.20 

Total
 interest-bearing liabilities 
 854,097 
 4,346 
 0.51 
 793,105 
 1,506 
 0.19 
 712,033 
 2,769 
 0.39 

Non-interest-bearing
 liabilities 
 383,590 

330,937 

272,642 

Stockholders 
 equity 
 119,792 

131,654 

116,747 

Total 
 1,357,479 

1,255,696 

1,101,422 

Interest
 rate spread (3) 

3.05 

3.33 

3.60 

Net
 interest margin (4) 
 
 39,680 
 3.21 
 
 39,136 
 3.39 
 
 37,361 
 3.72 

Tax
 equivalent interest - imputed (1) (2) 
 
 800 

816 

877 

Net
 interest income 
 
 38,880 

38,320 

36,484 

Ratio
 of average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities 
 
 144.8 

145.4 

141.2 

(1) Income
 on tax-exempt investment securities is presented on a fully taxable equivalent basis, using
 a 21 federal tax rate. 
 
 (2) Income
 on tax-exempt loans is presented on a fully taxable equivalent basis, using a 21 federal
 tax rate. 
 
 (3) Interest
 rate spread represents the difference between the average yield on interest-earning assets
 and the average cost of interest-bearing liabilities. 
 (4) Net
interest margin represents net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets. 

17 

II.
Investment Portfolio 

Investment
Securities . The following table sets forth the carrying value of the Company s investment securities at the dates
indicated. The Company s federal agency obligations consist of obligations of U.S. government-sponsored enterprises, primarily
the FHLB. The Company s agency mortgage-backed securities portfolio consists of securities predominantly underwritten to the standards
of and guaranteed by the government-sponsored agencies of Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation FHLMC ), Federal National
Mortgage Association FNMA and Government National Mortgage Association GNMA ). 

As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Investment securities: 

U.S. treasury securities 
 123,111 
 42,675 
 
 U.S. federal agency obligations 
 1,988 
 17,195 
 
 Municipal obligations, tax-exempt 
 127,262 
 137,984 
 
 Municipal obligations, taxable 
 67,244 
 40,046 
 
 Agency mortgage-backed securities 
 169,701 
 142,817 
 
 Total investment securities available-for-sale, at fair value 
 489,306 
 380,717 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding the carrying values, weighted average yields, and maturities of the Company s
investment securities portfolio, as of December 31, 2022. Yields on tax-exempt obligations have been computed on a tax equivalent basis,
using a 21 federal tax rate for 2022. Mortgage-backed investment securities include scheduled principal payments and estimated prepayments
based on observable market inputs. Actual prepayments will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers have the right to prepay
obligations with or without prepayment penalties. 

As of December 31, 2022 

One year or less 
 One to five years 
 Five to ten years 
 More than 
ten years 
 Total 

Carrying 
 Average 
 Carrying 
 Average 
 Carrying 
 Average 
 Carrying 
 Average 
 Carrying 
 Average 

value 
 yield 
 value 
 yield 
 value 
 yield 
 value 
 yield 
 value 
 yield 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Investment securities: 

U.S. treasury securities 
 10,745 
 1.08 
 112,366 
 1.76 
 - 
 0.00 
 - 
 0.00 
 123,111 
 1.70 
 
 U.S. federal agency obligations 
 1,988 
 3.00 
 - 
 0.00 
 - 
 0.00 
 - 
 0.00 
 1,988 
 3.00 
 
 Municipal obligations, tax-exempt 
 6,383 
 2.34 
 49,325 
 2.59 
 39,371 
 3.21 
 32,183 
 3.68 
 127,262 
 3.04 
 
 Municipal obligations, taxable 
 2,778 
 2.67 
 16,623 
 2.43 
 31,736 
 3.41 
 16,107 
 3.84 
 67,244 
 3.24 
 
 Agency mortgage-backed securities 
 248 
 2.47 
 102,371 
 1.88 
 67,082 
 2.70 
 - 
 0.00 
 169,701 
 2.21 
 
 Total 
 22,142 
 1.83 
 280,685 
 1.99 
 138,189 
 3.01 
 48,290 
 3.73 
 489,306 
 2.44 

18 

III.
Loan Portfolio 

Loan
Portfolio Composition . The following table sets forth the composition of the loan portfolio balances by type of loan
at the dates indicated. 

As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 One-to-four family residential real estate loans 
 236,982 
 166,081 
 
 Construction and land loans 
 22,725 
 27,644 
 
 Commercial real estate loans 
 304,074 
 198,472 
 
 Commercial loans 
 173,415 
 132,154 
 
 Paycheck protection program loans 
 21 
 17,179 
 
 Agriculture loans 
 84,283 
 94,267 
 
 Municipal loans 
 2,026 
 2,050 
 
 Consumer loans 
 26,664 
 24,541 
 
 Total gross loans 
 850,190 
 662,388 
 
 Net deferred loan costs and loans in process 
 (250 
 (380 
 
 Allowance for loan losses 
 (8,791 
 (8,775 
 
 Loans, net 
 841,149 
 653,233 

The
following table sets forth the contractual maturities of loans as of December 31, 2022. The table does not include unscheduled prepayments. 

As of December 31, 2022 

1 year or less 
 1-5 years 
 6-15 years 
 After 15 years 
 Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 One-to-four family residential real estate loans 
 23,229 
 79,360 
 112,725 
 21,668 
 236,982 
 
 Construction and land loans 
 11,552 
 5,275 
 4,027 
 1,871 
 22,725 
 
 Commercial real estate loans 
 22,368 
 113,485 
 142,589 
 25,632 
 304,074 
 
 Commercial loans 
 77,672 
 66,696 
 28,907 
 140 
 173,415 
 
 Paycheck protection program loans 
 - 
 21 
 - 
 - 
 21 
 
 Agriculture loans 
 45,421 
 16,750 
 15,906 
 6,206 
 84,283 
 
 Municipal loans 
 245 
 714 
 1,067 
 - 
 2,026 
 
 Consumer loans 
 4,587 
 8,796 
 13,219 
 62 
 26,664 
 
 Total gross loans 
 185,074 
 291,097 
 318,440 
 55,579 
 850,190 

The
following table sets forth the dollar amount of all loans that mature after one year and whether such loans had fixed interest rates
or adjustable interest rates: 

As of December 31, 2022 

Fixed 
 Adjustable 
 Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 One-to-four family residential real estate loans 
 68,902 
 144,851 
 213,753 
 
 Construction and land loans 
 2,124 
 9,049 
 11,173 
 
 Commercial real estate loans 
 63,119 
 218,587 
 281,706 
 
 Commercial loans 
 55,658 
 40,085 
 95,743 
 
 Paycheck protection program loans 
 21 
 - 
 21 
 
 Agriculture loans 
 14,208 
 24,654 
 38,862 
 
 Municipal loans 
 1,781 
 - 
 1,781 
 
 Consumer loans 
 1,361 
 20,716 
 22,077 
 
 Total gross loans 
 207,174 
 457,942 
 665,116 

19 

Non-performing
Assets . The following table sets forth information with respect to non-performing assets, including non-accrual loans
and real estate acquired through foreclosure or by deed in lieu of foreclosure real estate owned ). The accrual of interest
on non-performing loans is discontinued at the time the loan is ninety days delinquent, unless the credit is well secured and in process
of collection. Loans are placed on non-accrual or are charged off at an earlier date if collection of principal or interest is considered
doubtful. Under the original terms of the Company s non-accrual loans as of December 31, 2022, interest earned on such loans for
the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 would have increased interest income by 137,000, 309,000 and 380,000, respectively,
if included in the Company s interest income for those years. No interest income related to non-accrual loans was included in interest
income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Non-accrual loans 
 3,326 
 5,230 
 10,515 
 
 Accruing loans over 90 days past due 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Non-performing investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Real estate owned, net 
 934 
 2,551 
 1,774 
 
 Non-performing assets 
 4,260 
 7,781 
 12,289 

Performing TDRs 
 804 
 1,488 
 1,947 

Allowance for loan losses to total gross loans 
 1.03 
 1.32 
 1.23 
 
 Non-performing loans to total gross loans 
 0.39 
 0.79 
 1.47 
 
 Non-performing assets to total assets 
 0.28 
 0.59 
 1.03 
 
 Allowance for loan losses to non-performing loans 
 264.31 
 167.78 
 84.45 

The
decrease in non-accrual loans as of December 31, 2022 was primarily related to a commercial real estate loan relationship totaling 989,000
that returned to accrual status during 2022 and a land loan totaling 486,000 that paid off. 

The
decrease in non-accrual loans as of December 31, 2021 was primarily related to the payoff of one commercial real estate loan relationship
totaling 3.8 million and another commercial real estate loan relationship of 1.7 million which was transferred to real estate owned. 

At
December 31, 2022, the 934,000 of real estate owned primarily consisted of three residential real estate properties, one commercial
property and one parcel of land. The decrease in real estate owned as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 was due to
the sale of 1.2 million of commercial real estate and a valuation allowance recorded against the remaining commercial real estate
property. The increase in real estate owned as of December 31, 2021 compared to December 31, 2020 was primarily due to obtaining the
collateral securing two non-performing commercial real estate properties. 

As
part of the Company s credit risk management, the Company continues to aggressively manage the loan portfolio to identify problem
loans and has placed additional emphasis on its commercial real estate relationships. As discussed in more detail in the Asset
Quality and Distribution section of Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations, as of December 31, 2022, the Company concluded its allowance for loan losses was adequate based on the evaluation
of the loan portfolio s probable incurred losses. 

20 

IV.
Summary of Loan Loss Experience 

The
following table sets forth information with respect to the Company s allowance for loan losses at the dates and for the periods
indicated: 

As of and for the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Balances at beginning of year 
 8,775 
 8,775 
 6,467 
 
 Provision for loan losses 
 - 
 500 
 3,300 
 
 Charge-offs: 

One-to-four family residential real estate loans 
 - 
 (81 
 (251 
 
 Construction and land loans 
 - 
 - 
 (191 
 
 Commercial real estate loans 
 - 
 (540 
 (131 
 
 Commercial loans 
 - 
 (72 
 (292 
 
 Paycheck protection program loans 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Agriculture loans 
 - 
 (50 
 (3 
 
 Municipal loans 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Consumer loans 
 (336 
 (235 
 (248 
 
 Total charge-offs 
 (336 
 (978 
 (1,116 
 
 Recoveries: 

One-to-four family residential real estate loans 
 - 
 11 
 - 
 
 Construction and land loans 
 165 
 263 
 - 
 
 Commercial real estate loans 
 - 
 - 
 13 
 
 Commercial loans 
 38 
 14 
 3 
 
 Paycheck protection program loans 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Agriculture loans 
 59 
 66 
 - 
 
 Municipal loans 
 6 
 6 
 6 
 
 Consumer loans 
 84 
 118 
 102 
 
 Total recoveries 
 352 
 478 
 124 
 
 Net recoveries (charge-offs) 
 16 
 (500 
 (992 
 
 Balances at end of year 
 8,791 
 8,775 
 8,775 

The
Company recorded net loan recoveries of 16,000 during 2022 compared to net loan charge-offs of 500,000 during 2021. The net loan recoveries
were primarily related to a 150,000 recovery on a land loan. The net loan charge-offs in 2021 were primarily related to a 540,000 charge
off on a previously impaired commercial real estate loan relationship that was transferred to real estate owned in 2021. The Company
recorded net loan charge-offs of 992,000 during 2020. The net loan charge-offs in 2020 were primarily related to a commercial loan relationship,
one-to-four family residential real estate loan relationship and a commercial real estate loan relationship which included construction
and land loans. 

The
distribution of the Company s allowance for losses on loans at the dates indicated and the percent of loans in each category to
total loans is summarized in the following table. This allocation reflects management s judgment as to risks inherent in the types
of loans indicated, but in general the Company s total allowance for loan losses included in the table is not restricted and is
available to absorb all loan losses. The amount allocated in the following table to any category should not be interpreted as an indication
of expected actual charge-offs in that category. 

21 

As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Amount 
 Loan type to total loans 
 Net charge-offs to average loans 
 Amount 
 Loan type to total loans 
 Net charge-offs to average loans 
 Amount 
 Loan type to total loans 
 Net charge-offs to average loans 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 One-to-four family residential real estate loans 
 655 
 27.9 
 0.00 
 623 
 25.0 
 0.04 
 859 
 22.1 
 0.16 
 
 Construction and land loans 
 117 
 2.7 
 (0.72 
 138 
 4.2 
 (0.96 
 181 
 3.7 
 0.70 
 
 Commercial real estate loans 
 3,158 
 35.8 
 0.00 
 3,051 
 30.0 
 0.29 
 2,482 
 24.2 
 0.08 
 
 Commercial loans 
 2,753 
 20.4 
 (0.03 
 2,613 
 20.0 
 0.04 
 2,388 
 18.8 
 0.24 
 
 Paycheck protection program loans 
 - 
 0.0 
 0.00 
 - 
 2.6 
 0.00 
 - 
 14.0 
 0.00 
 
 Agriculture loans 
 1,966 
 9.9 
 (0.07 
 2,221 
 14.2 
 (0.02 
 2,690 
 13.5 
 0.00 
 
 Municipal loans 
 5 
 0.2 
 (0.29 
 6 
 0.3 
 (0.28 
 6 
 0.3 
 (0.24 
 
 Consumer loans 
 137 
 3.1 
 0.98 
 123 
 3.7 
 0.46 
 169 
 3.4 
 0.59 
 
 Total 
 8,791 
 100.0 
 0.00 
 8,775 
 100.0 
 0.07 
 8,775 
 100.0 
 0.15 

The
increase in the allocation of the allowance for loan losses on the one-to-four family residential real estate loans as of December 31,
2022 compared to December 31, 2021 was primarily due to higher balances of loans in the portfolio. The decrease in the allocation of
the allowance for loan losses on our one-to-four family residential real estate loans as of December 31, 2021 compared to December 31,
2020 was primarily due to decreased risk factors associated with probable and incurred losses due to COVID-19. 

The
decrease in the allocation of the allowance for loan losses on construction and land loans as of December 31, 2022 compared to December
31, 2021 was primarily related to lower balances of loans in this portfolio. The decrease in the allocation of the allowance for loan
losses on construction and land loans as of December 31, 2021 compared to December 31, 2020 was primarily related to decreased risk factors
associated with probable and incurred losses due to COVID-19. 

The
increase in the allocation of the allowance for loan losses on commercial real estate loans as of December 31, 2022 compared to December
31, 2021 was primarily related to higher balances of loans in this portfolio. The increase in the allocation of the allowance for loan
losses on commercial real estate loans as of December 31, 2021 compared to December 31, 2020 was primarily related to higher loan balances
and historical loss rates, which more than offset the decreased risk factors associated with probable and incurred losses due to COVID-19. 

The
increase in the allocation of the allowance for loan losses on our commercial loans as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31,
2021 was primarily related to higher balances of loans in this portfolio. The increase in the allocation of the allowance for loan losses
on our commercial loans as of December 31, 2021 compared to December 31, 2020 was primarily related to an increase in the specific allowances related to impaired loans, which
more than offset the decreased
risk factors associated with probable and incurred losses due to COVID-19. 

We
do not record an allowance for loan losses on PPP loans because these loans are generally guaranteed by the SBA. 

The
decrease in the allocation of the allowance for loan losses on agriculture loans as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021
was primarily related to lower balances in this portfolio. The decrease in the allocation of the allowance for loan losses on agriculture
loans as of December 31, 2021 compared to December 31, 2020 was primarily related to decreased risk factors associated with probable
and incurred losses due to COVID-19. 

The
allowance for loan losses is discussed in more detail in the Asset Quality and Distribution section of Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. As of December 31, 2022, we believed the Company s
allowance for loan losses continued to be adequate based on the Company s evaluation of the loan portfolio s probable incurred
losses. 

22 

V.
Deposits 

The
following table presents the average deposit balances and the average rate paid on those balances for the years indicated. 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Average Balance 
 Average Rate 
 Average Balance 
 Average Rate 
 
 Non-interest bearing demand 
 365,516 
 - 
 312,224 
 - 
 
 Money market and checking 
 535,693 
 0.43 
 503,433 
 0.10 
 
 Savings accounts 
 169,478 
 0.03 
 145,200 
 0.03 
 
 Certificates of deposit 
 98,975 
 0.42 
 116,904 
 0.41 
 
 Total 
 1,169,662 
 
 1,077,761 

Total
deposits include uninsured deposits of 192.9 million and 155.1 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This represents
less than 15 of our total deposits at December 31, 2022 and compares favorably with other similar community banking organizations. Over
99 of the Company s total deposits were considered cored deposits at December 31, 2022. These deposit balances are from retail,
commercial and public fund customers located in the markets where the Company has bank branch locations. 

The
following table presents the maturities of certificates of deposit 250,000 or greater. 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Three months or less 
 12,188 
 8,966 
 
 Over three months through six months 
 5,054 
 8,903 
 
 Over six months through 12 months 
 7,387 
 4,750 
 
 Over 12 months 
 932 
 761 
 
 Total 
 25,561 
 23,380 

VI.
Return on Equity and Assets 

The
following table presents information on return on average equity, return on average assets, equity to total assets and our dividend payout
ratio. 

As of or for the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Return on average assets 
 0.73 
 1.44 
 1.77 
 
 Return on average equity 
 8.25 
 13.80 
 16.70 
 
 Equity to total assets 
 7.41 
 10.21 
 10.66 
 
 Dividend payout ratio 
 42.55 
 21.11 
 18.67 

23 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

An
investment in our securities is subject to certain risks inherent in our business. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully
consider the risks and uncertainties described below together with all of the other information included in this report. In addition
to the risks and uncertainties described below, other risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to
be immaterial also may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The value or market
price of our securities could decline due to any of these identified or other risks, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Credit
Risks 

We
must effectively manage our credit risk. 

There
are risks inherent in making any loan, including risks inherent in dealing with individual borrowers, risks of nonpayment, risks resulting
from uncertainties as to the future value of collateral and risks resulting from changes in economic and industry conditions. In general,
these risks have increased as a result of the recent increases in prevailing interest rates and uncertainties associated with inflation,
which have potentially increased the risk of a near-term decline in growth or an economic downturn. We attempt to minimize our credit
risk through prudent loan application approval procedures, careful monitoring of the concentration of our loans within specific industries
and periodic independent reviews of outstanding loans by our credit review department. However, we cannot assure you that such approval
and monitoring procedures will reduce these credit risks. 

Most
of our loans are commercial, real estate, or agriculture loans, each of which is subject to distinct types of risk. To reduce the lending
risks we face, we generally take a security interest in borrowers property for all three types of loans. In addition, we sell
certain residential real estate loans to third parties. Nevertheless, the risk of non-payment is inherent in all types of loans, and
if we are unable to collect amounts owed, it may materially affect our operations and financial performance. For a more complete discussion
of our lending activities see Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Our
business is subject to domestic and, to a lesser extent, international economic conditions and other factors, many of which are beyond
our control and could materially and adversely affect us. 

Our
financial performance generally, and in particular the ability of customers to pay interest on and repay principal of outstanding loans
and the value of collateral securing those loans, as well as demand for loans and other products and services we offer, is highly dependent
upon the business environment not only in the markets where we operate, but also in the state of Kansas generally and in the United States
as a whole. A favorable business environment is generally characterized by, among other factors: economic growth; efficient capital markets;
low inflation; low unemployment; high business and investor confidence; and strong business earnings. Unfavorable or uncertain economic
and market conditions can be caused by: declines in economic growth, business activity or investor or business confidence; limitations
on the availability or increases in the cost of credit and capital; increases in inflation or interest rates; high unemployment; uncertainty
in U.S. trade policies, legislation, treaties and tariffs; natural disasters; acts of war or terrorism, including the current conflict
in Ukraine; widespread disease or pandemics; or a combination of these or other factors. 

Economic
conditions in the state of Kansas are impacted by commodity prices, which may adversely impact the Kansas economy, specifically the agriculture
sector. Declines in commodity prices could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 

The
agricultural economy in the Midwest, including Kansas, has improved recently after experiencing weakness over the previous several years.
A prolonged period of weakness in the agricultural economy could result in a decrease in demand for loans or other products and services
offered by us, an increase in agricultural loan delinquencies and defaults, an increase in impaired assets and foreclosures, a decline
in the value of our loans secured by real estate, and an inability to sell foreclosed assets. The effects of a prolonged period of a
weakened agricultural economy could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

24 

Continued
elevated levels of inflation could adversely impact our business and results of operations. 

The
United States has recently experienced elevated levels of inflation, with the consumer price index climbing approximately 6.5 in 2022.
Continued levels of inflation could have complex effects on our business and results of operations, some of which could be materially
adverse. For example, elevated inflation harms consumer purchasing power, which could negatively affect our retail customers and the
economic environment and, ultimately, many of our business customers, and could also negatively affect our levels of non-interest expense.
In addition, if interest rates continue to rise in response to, or as a result of, elevated levels of inflation, the value of our securities
portfolio would be negatively impacted. Continued elevated levels of inflation could also cause increased volatility and uncertainty
in the business environment, which could adversely affect loan demand and our clients ability to repay indebtedness. It is also
possible that governmental responses to the current inflation environment could adversely affect our business, such as changes to monetary
and fiscal policy that are too strict, or the imposition or threatened imposition of price controls. The duration and severity of the
current inflationary period cannot be estimated with precision. 

Our
allowance for loan losses may prove to be insufficient to absorb losses in our loan portfolio. 

We
maintain our allowance for loan losses at a level considered appropriate by management to absorb probable incurred loan losses in the
portfolio. Additionally, our Board of Directors regularly monitors the appropriateness of our allowance for loan losses. The allowance
is also subject to regulatory examinations and a determination by the regulatory agencies as to the appropriate level of the allowance.
The amount of future loan losses is susceptible to changes in economic, operating and other conditions, including changes in interest
rates and the value of the underlying collateral, which may be beyond our control, and such losses may exceed current estimates. At December
31, 2022 and 2021, our allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loans, including PPP loans, was 1.03 and 1.32 , respectively,
and as a percentage of total non-performing loans was 264.31 and 167.78 , respectively. Although management believes that the allowance
for loan losses is appropriate to absorb probable incurred losses on any existing loans that may become uncollectible, we cannot predict
loan losses with certainty nor can we assure you that our allowance for loan losses will prove sufficient to cover actual loan losses
in the future. Loan losses in excess of our reserves will adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Also,
as of January 1, 2023, the Company was required to adopt accounting standard update ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments 
Credit Losses (Topic 326), commonly referred to as CECL . CECL will change how the Company calculates its allowance for
loan losses by requiring the Company to determine periodic estimates of lifetime expected credit losses on loans and recognize the expected
credit losses as allowances for loan credit losses. This is a change from the current method of providing allowances for loan losses
that are probable, and may require us to increase our allowance for loan losses. Any increase in our allowance for loan losses may have
a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
concentration of one-to-four family residential mortgage loans may result in lower yields and profitability. 

One-to-four
family residential mortgage loans comprised 237.0 million and 166.1 million, or 27.9 and 25.0 , of our loan portfolio at December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These loans are secured primarily by properties located in the state of Kansas. Our concentration of
these loans results in lower yields relative to other loan categories within our loan portfolio. While these loans generally possess
higher yields than investment securities, their repayment characteristics are not as well defined, and they generally possess a higher
degree of interest rate risk versus other loans and investment securities within our portfolio. This increased interest rate risk is
due to the repayment and prepayment options inherent in residential mortgage loans which are exercised by borrowers based upon the overall
level of interest rates. These residential mortgage loans are generally made on the basis of the borrower s ability to make repayments
from his or her employment and the value of the property securing the loan. Thus, as a result, repayment of these loans is also subject
to general economic and employment conditions within the communities and surrounding areas where the property is located. 

A
decline in residential real estate market prices or home sales has the potential to adversely affect our one-to-four family residential
mortgage portfolio in several ways, such as a decrease in collateral values and an increase in non-performing loans, each of which could
adversely affect our operating results and/or financial condition. 

25 

Our
loan portfolio has a large concentration of real estate loans, which involve risks specific to real estate value. 

Real
estate lending (including commercial real estate, construction and land and residential real estate) is a large portion of our loan portfolio.
These categories were 563.8 million, or approximately 66.3 of our total loan portfolio, as of December 31, 2022, as compared to 392.2
million, or approximately 59.2 of our total loan portfolio, as of December 31, 2021. The market value of real estate can fluctuate significantly
in a short period of time as a result of market conditions in the geographic area in which the real estate is located. Although a significant
portion of commercial real estate and construction and land loans are secured by a secondary form of collateral, adverse developments
affecting real estate values in one or more of our markets could increase the credit risk associated with our loan portfolio. Additionally,
real estate lending typically involves higher loan principal amounts, and the repayment of the loans generally is dependent, in large
part, on sufficient income from the properties securing the loans to cover operating expenses and debt service. Economic events or governmental
regulations outside of the control of the borrower or lender could negatively impact the future cash flow and market values of the affected
properties. 

If
the loans that are collateralized by real estate become troubled during a time when market conditions are declining or have declined,
then we may not be able to realize the amount of security that we anticipated at the time of originating the loan, which could cause
us to increase our provision for loan losses and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. In light of the uncertainty
that exists in the economy and credit markets nationally, there can be no guarantee that we will not experience additional deterioration
in credit performance by our real estate loan customers. 

Commercial
loans make up a significant portion of our loan portfolio. 

Commercial
loans comprised 173.4 million and 132.2 million, or 20.4 and 20.0 , of our loan portfolio at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
Our commercial loans are made based primarily on the identified cash flow of the borrower and secondarily on the underlying collateral
provided by the borrower. Most often, this collateral is accounts receivable, inventory, or machinery. Credit support provided by the
borrower for most of these loans, and the probability of repayment is based on the liquidation of the pledged collateral and enforcement
of a personal guarantee, if any exists. As a result, in the case of loans secured by accounts receivable, the availability of funds for
the repayment of these loans may be substantially dependent on the ability of the borrower to collect amounts due from its customers.
The collateral securing other loans may depreciate over time, may be difficult to appraise and may fluctuate in value based on the success
of the business. Due to the larger average size of each commercial loan as compared with other loans such as residential loans, as well
as collateral that is generally less readily marketable, losses incurred on a small number of commercial loans could have a material
adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 

The
success of our SBA lending program is dependent upon the continued availability of SBA loan programs, our status as a Preferred Lender
under the SBA loan programs and our ability to comply with applicable SBA lending requirements. 

As
an SBA Preferred Lender, we enable our clients to obtain SBA loans without being subject to the potentially lengthy SBA approval process
necessary for lenders that are not SBA Preferred Lenders. The SBA periodically reviews the lending operations of participating lenders
to assess, among other things, whether the lender exhibits prudent risk management. When weaknesses are identified, the SBA may request
corrective actions or impose other restrictions, including revocation of the lender s Preferred Lender status. If we lose our status
as a Preferred Lender, we may lose our ability to compete effectively with other SBA Preferred Lenders, and as a result we could experience
a material adverse effect to our financial results. Any changes to the SBA program, including changes to the level of guaranty provided
by the federal government on SBA loans or changes to the level of funds appropriated by the federal government to the various SBA programs,
may also have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In
order for a borrower to be eligible to receive an SBA loan, the lender must establish that the borrower would not be able to secure a
bank loan without the credit enhancements provided by a guaranty under the SBA program. Accordingly, the SBA loans in our portfolio generally
have weaker credit characteristics than the rest of our portfolio, and may be at greater risk of default in the event of deterioration
in economic conditions or the borrower s financial condition. In the event of a loss resulting from default and a determination
by the SBA that there is a deficiency in the manner in which the loan was originated, funded or serviced by us, the SBA may deny its
liability under the guaranty, reduce the amount of the guaranty, or, if it has already paid under the guaranty, seek recovery of the
principal loss related to the deficiency from us. Management has estimated losses inherent in the outstanding guaranteed portion of SBA
loans and recorded a recourse reserve at a level determined to be appropriate. Significant increases to the recourse reserve may materially
decrease our net income, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

26 

Our
agriculture loans involve a greater degree of risk than other loans, and the ability of the borrower to repay may be affected by many
factors outside of the borrower s control. 

Agriculture
operating loans comprised 46.3 million and 50.6 million, or 5.4 and 7.6 , of our loan portfolio at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
The repayment of agriculture operating loans is dependent on the successful operation or management of the farm property. Likewise, agricultural
operating loans involve a greater degree of risk than lending on residential properties, particularly in the case of loans that are unsecured
or secured by rapidly depreciating assets such as farm equipment, livestock or crops. We generally secure agricultural operating loans
with a blanket lien on livestock, equipment, food, hay, grain and crops. Nevertheless, any repossessed collateral for a defaulted loan
may not provide an adequate source of repayment of the outstanding loan balance as a result of the greater likelihood of damage, loss
or depreciation. 

We
also originate agriculture real estate loans. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, agricultural real estate loans totaled 38.0 million and
 43.7 million, or 4.5 and 6.6 of our total loan portfolio, respectively. Agricultural real estate lending involves a greater degree
of risk and typically involves larger loans to single borrowers than lending on single-family residences. As with agriculture operating
loans, payments on agricultural real estate loans are dependent on the profitable operation or management of the farm property securing
the loan. The success of the farm may be affected by many factors outside the control of the farm borrower, including adverse weather
conditions that prevent the planting of a crop or limit crop yields (such as hail, drought and floods), loss of livestock due to disease
or other factors, declines in market prices for agricultural products (both domestically and internationally) and the impact of government
regulations (including changes in price supports, tariffs, trade agreements, subsidies and environmental regulations). In addition, many
farms are dependent on a limited number of key individuals whose injury or death may significantly affect the successful operation of
the farm. If the cash flow from a farming operation is diminished, the borrower s ability to repay the loan may be impaired. The
primary crops in our market areas are wheat, corn and soybean. Accordingly, adverse circumstances affecting wheat, corn and soybean crops
could have an adverse effect on our agricultural real estate loan portfolio. 

Our
business is concentrated in and dependent upon the continued growth and welfare of the markets in which we operate, including eastern,
central, southeast and southwest Kansas. 

We
operate primarily in eastern, central, southeast and southwest Kansas, and as a result, our financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows are subject to changes in the economic conditions in those areas. Although each market we operate in is geographically
and economically diverse, our success depends upon the business activity, population, income levels, deposits and real estate activity
in each of these markets. Although our customers business and financial interests may extend well beyond our market area, adverse
economic conditions that affect our specific market area could reduce our growth rate, affect the ability of our customers to repay their
loans to us and generally affect our financial condition and results of operations. Because of our geographic concentration, we are less
able than other regional or national financial institutions to diversify our credit risks across multiple markets. 

Non-performing
assets take significant time to resolve and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, and could result in further
losses in the future. 

As
of December 31, 2022, our non-performing loans (which consist of non-accrual loans and loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing
interest) totaled 3.3 million, or 0.39 of our loan portfolio, and our non-performing assets (which include non-performing loans plus
real estate owned) totaled 4.3 million, or 0.28 of total assets. In addition, we had 738,000 in accruing loans that were 30-89 days
delinquent as of December 31, 2022. 

Our
non-performing assets adversely affect our net income in various ways. We do not record interest income on non-accrual loans or other
real estate owned, thereby adversely affecting our net income and returns on assets and equity, increasing our loan administration costs
and adversely affecting our efficiency ratio. When we take collateral in foreclosure and similar proceedings, we are required to mark
the collateral to its then-fair market value, which may result in a loss. These non-performing loans and other real estate owned also
increase our risk profile and the capital our regulators believe is appropriate in light of such risks. The resolution of non-performing
assets requires significant time commitments from management and can be detrimental to the performance of their other responsibilities.
If we experience increases in non-performing loans and non-performing assets, our net interest income may be negatively impacted and
our loan administration costs could increase, each of which could have an adverse effect on our net income and related ratios, such as
return on assets and equity. 

27 

Interest
Rate Risks 

Monetary
policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In
addition to being affected by general economic conditions, our earnings and growth are affected by the policies of the Federal Reserve.
An important function of the Federal Reserve is to regulate the money supply and credit conditions. Among the instruments used by the
Federal Reserve to implement these objectives are open market operations in U.S. government securities, adjustments of the discount rate
and changes in reserve requirements against bank deposits. These instruments are used in varying combinations to influence overall economic
growth and the distribution of credit, bank loans, investments and deposits. Their use also affects interest rates charged on loans or
paid on deposits. 

The
monetary policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve have had a significant effect on the operating results of commercial banks in
the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. The effects of such policies upon our business, financial condition and
results of operations cannot be predicted. 

It
is widely expected that the Federal Reserve will increase rates, and reduce its balance sheet of bonds and other assets in 2023. The
Federal Reserve has indicated that it is working to avoid abrupt or unpredictable changes in economic or financial conditions so as not
to disrupt the financial systems, also known as shocks; despite this, the impact of these changes cannot be certain. Vulnerabilities
in the financial system can amplify the impact of an initial shock following rate increases, potentially leading to unintended volatility,
as well as to disruptions in the provision of financial services, such as clearing payments, the provision of liquidity, and the availability
of credit. Furthermore, asset liquidation pressures can be amplified by liquidity mismatches and the leverage of certain nonbank financial
intermediaries such as hedge funds. The financial crisis in March 2020 also demonstrated that pressures on dealer intermediation can
limit the availability of liquidity during times of market stress. Given the interconnectedness of the global financial system, these
vulnerabilities could impact the Company s business operations and financial condition. 

Interest
rates and other conditions impact our results of operations. 

Our
profitability is in part a function of the spread between the interest rates earned on investments and loans and the interest rates paid
on deposits and other interest-bearing liabilities. Like most banking institutions, our net interest spread and margin will be affected
by general economic conditions and other factors, including fiscal and monetary policies of the federal government that influence market
interest rates and our ability to respond to changes in such rates. At any given time, our assets and liabilities will be such that they
are affected differently by a given change in interest rates. As a result, an increase or decrease in rates, the length of loan terms
or the mix of adjustable and fixed rate loans in our portfolio could have a positive or negative effect on our net income, capital and
liquidity. We measure interest rate risk under various rate scenarios and using specific criteria and assumptions. A summary of this
process, along with the results of our net interest income simulations, is presented in the section entitled Item 7A. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. Although we believe our current level of interest rate sensitivity is reasonable
and effectively managed, significant fluctuations in interest rates may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

Changes
in interest rates also can affect the value of loans, securities and other assets. An increase in interest rates that adversely affects
the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on loans may lead to an increase in non-performing assets and a reduction of
income recognized, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. Further, when we place a loan
on nonaccrual status, we reverse any accrued but unpaid interest receivable, which decreases interest income. Subsequently, we continue
to have a cost to fund the loan, which is reflected as interest expense, without any interest income to offset the associated funding
expense. Thus, an increase in the amount of non-performing assets would have an adverse impact on net interest income. 

Rising
interest rates will result in a decline in value of our fixed-rate debt securities. The unrealized losses resulting from holding these
securities would be recognized in other comprehensive income and reduce total stockholders equity. Unrealized losses do not negatively
impact our regulatory capital ratios; however, tangible common equity and the associated ratios would be reduced. If debt securities
in an unrealized loss position are sold, such losses become realized and will reduce our regulatory capital ratios. 

28 

The
transition to an alternative reference rate could cause instability and have a negative effect on financial market conditions. 

In
July 2017, the Financial Conduct Authority, the authority regulating LIBOR, along with various other regulatory bodies, announced that
LIBOR would likely be discontinued at the end of 2021. End dates for LIBOR have now been set, and U.S. Regulators have issued guidance
as of October 2021 that urges market participants to address their existing LIBOR exposures and transition to robust and sustainable
alternative rates by June 30, 2023. The Alternative Reference Rate Committee, a steering committee comprised of U.S. financial market
participants, selected by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, has proposed that the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR is the rate that represents best practice as the alternative to U.S. dollar-LIBOR for use in derivatives and other financial contracts
that are currently indexed to LIBOR, but has also advised market participants to conduct a comprehensive evaluation of any alternative
reference rates being considered for use. 

SOFR
is a broad measure of the cost of overnight borrowings collateralized by Treasury securities that was selected by the Alternative Reference
Rate Committee due to the depth and robustness of the U.S. Treasury repurchase market. 

The
market transition away from LIBOR to an alternative reference rate, such as SOFR, is complex and could have a range of adverse effects
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In particular, any such transition could: 

adversely
 affect the interest rates paid or received on, the revenue and expenses associated with,
 and the value of our floating-rate obligations, loans, deposits, subordinated debentures
 and other financial instruments tied to LIBOR rates, or other securities or financial arrangements
 given LIBOR s role in determining market interest rates globally; 

prompt
 inquiries or other actions from regulators in respect of our preparation and readiness for
 the replacement of LIBOR with an alternative reference rate; 

result
 in disputes, litigation or other actions with counterparties regarding the interpretation
 and enforceability of certain fallback language, or lack of fallback language, in LIBOR-based
 instruments; and 

require
 the transition to or development of appropriate systems and analytics to effectively transition
 our risk management processes from LIBOR-based products to those based on the applicable
 alternative pricing benchmark, such as SOFR. 

We
have approximately 27.5 million in loans that have interest rates tied to LIBOR, which are in the process of transitioning to SOFR.
Our 21.7 million of subordinated debentures also reprice based on LIBOR and these instruments will convert to SOFR pricing. The manner
and impact of this transition, as well as the effect of these developments on our funding costs, loan and investment and trading securities
portfolios, asset-liability management, and business, is uncertain. 

Declines
in value may adversely impact the carrying amount of our investment portfolio and result in other-than-temporary impairment charges. 

We
may be required to record impairment charges on our investment securities if they suffer declines in value that are considered other-than-temporary.
If the credit quality of the securities in our investment portfolio deteriorates, we may also experience a loss in interest income from
the suspension of either interest or dividend payments. Numerous factors, including lack of liquidity for resales of certain investment
securities, absence of reliable pricing information for investment securities, adverse changes in business climate or adverse actions
by regulators could have a negative effect on our investment portfolio in future periods. 

29 

The
value of the financial instruments we own may decline in the future. 

An
increase in market interest rates may affect the market value of our securities portfolio, potentially reducing accumulated other comprehensive
income and/or earnings. Additionally, an increase in market interest rates may reduce the value of our loan portfolio, although, in accordance
with U.S. GAAP, such a decline in value may not be reflected in the carrying balance of our loans in the same manner as our debt securities
available-for-sale. The market value of these investments may be affected by factors other than the underlying performance of the servicer
of the securities or the mortgages underlying the securities, such as changes in the interest rate environment, negative trends in the
residential and commercial real estate markets, ratings downgrades, adverse changes in the business climate and a lack of liquidity in
the secondary market for certain investment securities. In addition, we may determine to sell securities in our available-for-sale investment
securities portfolio, and any such sale could cause us to realize currently unrealized losses that resulted from the recent increases
in the prevailing interest rates. 

Downgrades
in the credit rating of one or more insurers that provide credit enhancement for our state and municipal securities portfolio may have
an adverse impact on the market for and valuation of these types of securities. 

We
invest in tax-exempt and taxable state and local municipal investment securities, some of which are insured by monoline insurers. As
of December 31, 2022, we had 194.5 million of municipal securities, which represented 39.8 of our total securities portfolio. Even
though management generally purchases municipal securities on the overall credit strength of the issuer, the reduction in the credit
rating of an insurer may negatively impact the market for and valuation of our investment securities. Such downgrade could adversely
affect our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 

Legal,
Accounting and Compliance Risks 

Legislative
and regulatory reforms applicable to the financial services industry may have a significant impact on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

The
laws, regulations, rules, policies and regulatory interpretations governing us are constantly evolving and may change significantly over
time as Congress and various regulatory agencies react to adverse economic conditions or other matters. The implementation of any current,
proposed or future regulatory or legislative changes to laws applicable to the financial industry may impact the profitability of our
business activities and may change certain of our business practices, including the ability to offer new products, obtain financing,
attract deposits, make loans, and achieve satisfactory interest spreads, and could expose us to additional costs, including increased
compliance costs. These regulations and legislation may be impacted by the political ideologies of the executive and legislative branches
of the U.S. government as well as the heads of regulatory and administrative agencies, which may change as a result of elections. 

The
Company and the Bank are subject to stringent capital and liquidity requirements . 

The
Basel III Rule imposes stringent capital requirements on bank holding companies and banks. In addition to the minimum capital requirements,
banks and bank holding companies are also required to maintain a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital
on top of minimum risk-weighted asset ratios to make capital distributions (including for dividends and repurchases of stock) and pay
discretionary bonuses to executive officers without restriction. Banking institutions that do not maintain capital in excess of the Basel
III Rule standards including the capital conservation buffer face constraints on the payment of dividends, equity repurchases and compensation
based on the amount of the shortfall. Accordingly, if the Bank fails to maintain the applicable minimum capital ratios and the capital
conservation buffer, distributions to the Company may be prohibited or limited. 

Future
increases in minimum capital requirements could adversely affect our net income. Furthermore, our failure to comply with the minimum
capital requirements could result in our regulators taking formal or informal actions against us, which could restrict our future growth
or operations. 

We
may be required to pay higher FDIC insurance premiums in the future. 

Future
bank failures may prompt the FDIC to increase its premiums above the current levels or to issue special assessments. The Bank generally
is unable to control the amount of premiums or special assessments that it or its subsidiary is required to pay for FDIC insurance. Any
future changes in the calculation or assessment of FDIC insurance premiums may have a material adverse effect on the Bank s results
of operations, financial condition, and the ability to continue to pay dividends on common stock at the current rate or at all. 

30 

We
are subject to changes in accounting principles, policies or guidelines. 

Our
financial performance is impacted by accounting principles, policies and guidelines. Some of these policies require the use of estimates
and assumptions that may affect the value of our assets or liabilities and financial results. Some of our accounting policies are critical
because they require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because
it is likely that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. If such estimates
or assumptions underlying our financial statements are incorrect, we may experience material losses. 

From
time to time, the FASB and the SEC change the financial accounting and reporting standards or the interpretation of those standards that
govern the preparation of our financial statements, such as the implementation of CECL. In addition, trends in financial and business
reporting, including environmental social and governance (ESG) related disclosures, could require us to incur additional reporting expense.
These changes are beyond our control, can be difficult to predict and could materially impact how we report our financial condition and
results of operations. Changes in these standards are continuously occurring, and more drastic changes may occur in the future. The implementation
of such changes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

A
new accounting standard may require us to increase our allowance for loan losses and may have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition, amount of capital and results of operations. 

The
FASB has adopted a new accounting standard that is effective for our fiscal year beginning on January 1, 2023. This standard, ASU 2016-13
 Credit Losses, referred to as CECL, makes significant changes to the accounting for credit losses on financial instruments presented
on an amortized cost basis, such as our loans held for investment, and disclosures about them. The CECL impairment model methodology
will require an estimate of expected credit losses, measured over the contractual life of an instrument, which considers reasonable and
supportable forecasts of future economic conditions in addition to information about past events and current conditions. The standard
provides significant flexibility and requires a high degree of judgment with regards to pooling financial assets with similar risk characteristics
and adjusting the relevant historical loss information in order to develop an estimate of expected lifetime losses. Providing for losses
over the life of our loan portfolio is a change to the previous method of providing allowances for loan losses that are probable and
incurred. This change may require us to increase our allowance for loan losses rapidly in future periods, and greatly increases the types
of data we need to collect and review to determine the appropriate level of the allowance for loan losses. It may also result in even
small changes to future forecasts having a significant impact on the allowance, which could make the allowance more volatile, and regulators
may impose additional capital buffers to absorb this volatility. 

Our
business is affected from time to time by federal and state laws and regulations relating to hazardous substances. 

Under
the federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act CERCLA ), owners and operators of properties
containing hazardous substances may be liable for the costs of cleaning up the substances. CERCLA and similar state laws can affect us
both as an owner of branches and other properties used in our business and as a lender holding a security interest in property which
is found to contain hazardous substances. In particular, our branch office located in Iola is located on property that has been designated
as a Superfund site under CERCLA, and we may hold mortgages on properties located in Iola that are also designated as Superfund 
sites. While CERCLA contains an exemption for holders of security interests, the exemption is not available if the holder participates
in the management of a property, and some courts have broadly defined what constitutes participation in management of property. Moreover,
CERCLA and similar state statutes can affect our decision whether or not to foreclose on a property. Before foreclosing on commercial
real estate, our general policy is to obtain an environmental report, thereby increasing the costs of foreclosure. In addition, the existence
of hazardous substances on a property securing a troubled loan may cause us to elect not to foreclose on the property, thereby reducing
our flexibility in handling the loan. 

31 

Operational,
Strategic and Reputational Risks 

We
may experience difficulties in managing our growth, and our growth strategy involves risks that may negatively impact our net income. 

As
part of our general strategy, we may acquire banks, branches and related businesses that we believe provide a strategic fit with our
business. In the past, we have acquired a number of local banks and branches, and, to the extent that we grow through future acquisitions,
we cannot assure you that we will be able to adequately and profitably manage this growth. Acquiring other banks and businesses will
involve risks commonly associated with acquisitions, including: 

potential
 exposure to unknown or contingent liabilities of banks and businesses we acquire; 
 
 exposure
 to potential asset quality issues of the acquired bank or related business; 
 
 difficulty
 and expense of integrating the operations and personnel of banks and businesses we acquire; 
 
 potential
 disruption to our business; 
 
 potential
 diversion of our management s time and attention; and 
 
 the
 possible loss of key employees and customers of the banks and businesses we acquire. 

In
addition to acquisitions, we may expand into additional communities or attempt to strengthen our position in our current markets by undertaking
additional branch openings. We believe that it generally takes several years for new banking facilities to first achieve operational
profitability, due to the impact of organization and overhead expenses and the start-up phase of generating loans and deposits. To the
extent that we undertake additional branch openings, we are likely to experience the effects of higher operating expenses relative to
operating income from the new operations, which may have an adverse effect on our levels of reported net income, return on average equity
and return on average assets. 

We
face intense competition in all phases of our business from other banks and financial institutions. 

The
banking and financial services business in our market is highly competitive. Our competitors include large national and regional banks,
local community banks, savings and loan associations, securities and brokerage companies, mortgage companies, insurance companies, finance
companies, money market mutual funds, credit unions, fintech companies, and other non-bank financial service providers, many of which
have greater financial, marketing and technological resources than us. Many of these competitors are not subject to the same regulatory
restrictions that we are and may be able to compete more effectively as a result. Increased competition in our market may result in a
decrease in the amounts of our loans and deposits, reduced spreads between loan rates and deposit rates or loan terms that are more favorable
to the borrower. Any of these results could have a material adverse effect on our ability to grow and remain profitable. If increased
competition causes us to significantly discount the interest rates we offer on loans or increase the amount we pay on deposits, our net
interest income could be adversely impacted. If increased competition causes us to relax our underwriting standards, we could be exposed
to higher losses from lending activities. Additionally, many of our competitors are much larger in total assets and capitalization, have
greater access to capital markets and offer a broader range of financial services than we can offer. 

Technology
and other changes are allowing consumers and businesses to complete financial transactions that historically have involved banks through
alternative methods. For example, the wide acceptance of internet-based commerce has resulted in a number of alternative payment processing
systems and lending platforms in which banks play only minor roles. Customers can also maintain funds in prepaid debit cards or digital
currencies, and pay bills and transfer funds directly without the direct assistance of banks. The diminishing role of banks as financial
intermediaries has resulted and could continue to result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and the
related income generated from those deposits. The loss of these revenue streams and the potential loss of lower cost deposits as a source
of funds could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

While
we do not offer products relating to digital assets, including cryptocurrencies, stablecoins and other similar assets, there has been
a significant increase in digital asset adoption globally over the past several years. Certain characteristics of digital asset transactions,
such as the speed with which such transactions can be conducted, the ability to transact without the involvement of regulated intermediaries,
the ability to engage in transactions across multiple jurisdictions, and the anonymous nature of the transactions, are appealing to certain
consumers notwithstanding the various risks posed by such transactions. Accordingly, digital asset service providers which, at
present are not subject to the same degree of scrutiny and oversight as banking organizations and other financial institutions are
becoming active competitors to more traditional financial institutions. The process of eliminating banks as intermediaries, known as
 disintermediation, could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and the related income
generated from those deposits. The loss of these revenue streams and the lower cost of deposits as a source of funds could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Potential partnerships with digital asset companies, moreover, could
also entail significant investment. 

32 

The
financial services industry continues to undergo rapid technological changes with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products
and services, including internet services, cryptocurrencies and payment systems. In addition to better serving customers, the effective
use of technology increases efficiency as well as enables financial institutions to reduce costs. Our future success will depend in part
upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer
demands for convenience as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations as we continue to grow and expand our market area.
Many of our larger competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. As a result, they may be
able to offer additional or superior products to those that we will be able to offer, which would put us at a competitive disadvantage.
Accordingly, we cannot provide you with assurance that we will be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services
or be successful in marketing such products and services to our customers. 

Attractive
acquisition opportunities may not be available to us in the future. 

We
expect that other banking and financial service companies, many of which have significantly greater resources than us, will compete with
us in acquiring other financial institutions if we pursue such acquisitions. This competition could increase prices for potential acquisitions
that we believe are attractive. Also, acquisitions are subject to various regulatory approvals. If we fail to receive the appropriate
regulatory approvals, we will not be able to consummate an acquisition that we believe is in our best interests. Among other things,
our regulators consider our capital, liquidity, profitability, regulatory compliance and levels of goodwill and intangibles when considering
acquisition and expansion proposals. Any acquisition could be dilutive to our earnings and stockholders equity per share of our
common stock. 

Our
community banking strategy relies heavily on our management team, and the unexpected loss of key managers may adversely affect our operations. 

Much
of our success to date has been influenced strongly by our ability to attract and to retain senior management experienced in banking
and financial services and familiar with the communities in our market area. Our ability to retain executive officers, the current management
teams, branch managers and loan officers will continue to be important to the successful implementation of our strategy. It is also critical,
as we grow, to be able to attract and retain qualified additional management and loan officers with the appropriate level of experience
and knowledge about our market area to implement our community-based operating strategy. The unexpected loss of services of any key management
personnel, or the inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel in the future, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Labor
shortages and failure to attract and retain qualified employees could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

A
number of factors may adversely affect the labor force available to us or increase labor costs, including high employment levels, and
decreased labor force size and participation. Although we have not experienced any material labor shortage to date, we have recently
observed an overall tightening and increasingly competitive local labor market. As of December 31, 2022, Kansas s unemployment
rate was 2.90 . A sustained labor shortage or increased turnover rates within our employee base could lead to increased costs, such as
increased compensation expense to attract and retain employees. 

In
addition, if we are unable to hire and retain employees capable of performing at a high-level, or if mitigation measures we may take
to respond to a decrease in labor availability have unintended negative effects, our business could be adversely affected. An overall
labor shortage, lack of skilled labor, increased turnover or labor inflation, could have a material adverse impact on our operations,
results of operations, liquidity or cash flows. 

33 

The
occurrence of fraudulent activity, breaches or failures of our information security controls or cybersecurity-related incidents could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 

As
a bank, we are susceptible to fraudulent activity, information security breaches and cybersecurity-related incidents that may be committed
against us or our clients, which may result in financial losses or increased costs to us or our clients, disclosure or misuse of our
information or our client information, misappropriation of assets, privacy breaches against our clients, litigation or damage to our
reputation. Such fraudulent activity may take many forms, including check fraud, electronic fraud, wire fraud, phishing, social engineering
and other dishonest acts. Information security breaches and cybersecurity-related incidents may include fraudulent or unauthorized access
to systems used by us or our clients, denial or degradation of service attacks and malware or other cyber-attacks. 

In
recent periods, there continues to be a rise in electronic fraudulent activity, security breaches and cyber-attacks within the financial
services industry, especially in the commercial banking sector due to cyber criminals targeting commercial bank accounts. Moreover, several
large corporations, including financial institutions and retail companies, have suffered major data breaches, in some cases exposing
not only confidential and proprietary corporate information, but also sensitive financial and other personal information of their customers
and employees and subjecting them to potential fraudulent activity. Some of our clients may have been affected by these breaches, which
could increase their risks of identity theft and other fraudulent activity that could involve their accounts with us. 

Information
pertaining to us and our clients is maintained, and transactions are executed, on networks and systems maintained by us and certain third
party partners, such as our online banking, mobile banking or accounting systems. The secure maintenance and transmission of confidential
information, as well as execution of transactions over these systems, are essential to protect us and our clients against fraud and security
breaches and to maintain the confidence of our clients. Breaches of information security also may occur through intentional or unintentional
acts by those having access to our systems or the confidential information of our clients, including employees. In addition, increases
in criminal activity levels and sophistication, advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries, vulnerabilities in third party technologies
(including browsers and operating systems) or other developments could result in a compromise or breach of the technology, processes
and controls that we use to prevent fraudulent transactions and to protect data about us, our clients and underlying transactions, as
well as the technology used by our clients to access our systems. Our third party partners inability to anticipate, or failure
to adequately mitigate, breaches of security could result in a number of negative events, including losses to us or our clients, loss
of business or clients, damage to our reputation, the incurrence of additional expenses, disruption to our business, additional regulatory
scrutiny or penalties or our exposure to civil litigation and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 

We
depend on information technology and telecommunications systems of third parties, and any systems failures, interruptions or data breaches
involving these systems could adversely affect our operations and financial condition. 

Our
business is highly dependent on the successful and uninterrupted functioning of our information technology and telecommunications systems,
third party servicers, accounting systems, mobile and online banking platforms and financial intermediaries. We outsource to third parties
many of our major systems, such as data processing and mobile and online banking. The failure of these systems, or the termination of
a third party software license or service agreement on which any of these systems is based, could interrupt our operations. Because our
information technology and telecommunications systems interface with and depend on third party systems, we could experience service denials
if demand for such services exceeds capacity or such third party systems fail or experience interruptions. A system failure or service
denial could result in a deterioration of our ability to process loans or gather deposits and provide customer service, compromise our
ability to operate effectively, result in potential noncompliance with applicable laws or regulations, damage our reputation, result
in a loss of customer business or subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny and possible financial liability, any of which could have
a material adverse effect on business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. In addition, failures of third
parties to comply with applicable laws and regulations, or fraud or misconduct on the part of employees of any of these third parties,
could disrupt our operations or adversely affect our reputation. 

34 

It
may be difficult for us to replace some of our third party vendors, particularly vendors providing our core banking and information services,
in a timely manner if they are unwilling or unable to provide us with these services in the future for any reason and even if we are
able to replace them, it may be at higher cost or result in the loss of customers. Any such events could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 

Our
operations rely heavily on the secure processing, storage and transmission of information and the monitoring of a large number of transactions
on a minute-by-minute basis, and even a short interruption in service could have significant consequences. We also interact with and
rely on retailers, for whom we process transactions, as well as financial counterparties and regulators. Each of these third parties
may be targets of the same types of fraudulent activity, computer break-ins and other cyber security breaches described above, and the
cyber security measures that they maintain to mitigate the risk of such activity may be different than our own and may be inadequate. 

As
a result of financial entities and technology systems becoming more interdependent and complex, a cyber-incident, information breach
or loss, or technology failure that compromises the systems or data of one or more financial entities could have a material impact on
counterparties or other market participants, including ourselves. As a result of the foregoing, our ability to conduct business may be
adversely affected by any significant disruptions to us or to third parties with whom we interact. 

We
are subject to certain operational risks, including, but not limited to, customer or employee fraud, losses related to our depositors
and data processing system failures and errors. 

Employee
errors and misconduct could subject us to financial losses or regulatory sanctions and seriously harm our reputation. Misconduct by our
employees could include hiding unauthorized activities from us, improper or unauthorized activities on behalf of our customers or improper
use of confidential information. It is not always possible to prevent employee errors and misconduct, and the precautions we take to
prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. Employee errors could also subject us to financial claims for negligence.
We are also subject to losses related to our depositors, whether due to simple errors or mistakes, circumvention of controls, or unauthorized
override of controls by our employees, other financial institutions or other third parties. 

We
maintain a system of internal controls and insurance coverage to mitigate against operational risks, including data processing system
failures and errors and customer or employee fraud. Should our internal controls fail to prevent or detect an occurrence, or if any resulting
loss is not insured or exceeds applicable insurance limits, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

Our
framework for managing risks may not be effective in mitigating risk and loss to us. 

Our
risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and loss to us. We have established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure,
monitor, report and analyze the types of risk to which we are subject, including liquidity risk, credit risk, market risk, interest rate
risk, operational risk, compensation risk, legal and compliance risk, cyber risk, and reputational risk, among others. However, as with
any risk management framework, there are inherent limitations to our risk management strategies as there may exist, or develop in the
future, risks that we have not appropriately anticipated or identified. Our ability to successfully identify and manage risks facing
us is an important factor that can significantly impact our results. If our risk management framework proves ineffective, we could suffer
unexpected losses and could be materially adversely affected. 

Financial
services companies depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about customers and counterparties. 

In
deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions, we may rely on information furnished by or on behalf of customers
and counterparties, including financial statements, credit reports and other financial information. We may also rely on representations
of those customers, counterparties or other third parties, such as independent auditors, as to the accuracy and completeness of that
information. Reliance on inaccurate or misleading financial statements, credit reports or other financial information could have a material
adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

35 

Liquidity
and Capital Risks 

Our
growth or future losses may require us to raise additional capital in the future, but that capital may not be available when it is needed. 

We
are required by federal and state regulatory authorities to maintain adequate levels of capital to support our operations. We anticipate
that our existing capital resources will satisfy our capital requirements for the foreseeable future. However, we may at some point need
to raise additional capital to support continuing growth. Our ability to raise additional capital is particularly important to our strategy
of growth through acquisitions. Our ability to raise additional capital depends on conditions in the capital markets, economic conditions
and a number of other factors, including investor perceptions regarding the banking industry, market conditions and governmental activities,
and on our financial condition and performance. In particular, if we were required to raise additional capital in the current interest
rate environment, we believe the pricing and other terms investors may require in such an offering may not be attractive to us. Accordingly,
we cannot assure you of our ability to raise additional capital if needed on terms acceptable to us. If we cannot raise additional capital
when needed, our ability to further expand our operations through internal growth and acquisitions could be materially impaired. 

Risks
Related to our Common Stock 

There
can be no assurances concerning continuing dividend payments. 

Our
common stockholders are only entitled to receive the dividends declared by our Board of Directors. Although we have historically paid
quarterly dividends on our common stock and an annual 5 stock dividend, there can be no assurances that we will be able to continue
to pay regular quarterly dividends or an annual stock dividend or that any dividends we do declare will be in any particular amount.
The primary source of money to pay our cash dividends comes from dividends paid to the Company by the Bank. The Bank s ability
to pay dividends to the Company is subject to, among other things, its earnings, financial condition and applicable regulations, which
in some instances limit the amount that may be paid as dividends. In addition, the Company and the Bank are required to maintain a capital
conservation buffer of 2.5 of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital on top of minimum risk-weighted asset ratios to pay dividends without additional
restrictions. 

Failure
to pay interest on our debt may adversely impact our ability to pay dividends. 

Our
 21.7 million of subordinated debentures are held by three business trusts that we control. Interest payments on the debentures must
be paid before we pay dividends on our capital stock, including our common stock. We have the right to defer interest payments on the
debentures for up to 20 consecutive quarters. However, if we elect to defer interest payments, all deferred interest must be paid before
we may pay dividends on our capital stock. Deferral of interest payments could also cause a decline in the market price of our common
stock. 

There
is a limited trading market for our common shares, and you may not be able to resell your shares at or above the price you paid for them. 

Although
our common shares are listed for trading on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol LARK, the trading in our common shares
has substantially less liquidity than many other publicly traded companies. A public trading market having the desired characteristics
of depth, liquidity and orderliness depends on the presence in the market of willing buyers and sellers of our common shares at any given
time. This presence depends on the individual decisions of investors and general economic and market conditions over which we have no
control. We cannot assure you that volume of trading in our common shares will increase in the future. 

The
stock market can be volatile, and fluctuations in our operating results and other factors could cause our stock price to decline. 

The
stock market has experienced, and may continue to experience, fluctuations that significantly impact the market prices of securities
issued by many companies. Market fluctuations could adversely affect our stock price. These fluctuations have often been unrelated or
disproportionate to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations, as well as general economic,
systemic, political and market conditions, such as recessions, loss of investor confidence, interest rate changes, tariffs, government
shutdowns, Brexit, or international currency fluctuations, may negatively affect the market price of our common stock. Moreover, our
operating results may fluctuate and vary from period to period due to the risk factors set forth herein. As a result, period-to-period
comparisons should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. Our stock price could fluctuate significantly in response
to our quarterly or annual results, annual projections and the impact of these risk factors on our operating results or financial position. 

36 

COVID-19
Risks 

The
COVID-19 pandemic could continue to create disruptions that affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant economic impact on the communities in which we operate, our borrowers and depositors, and the
national economy generally. These effects have diminished in the past year, but future developments and uncertainties will be difficult
to predict, such as the potential emergence of a new variant, the course of the pandemic in China and other major economies, the persistence
of pandemic-related work and lifestyle changes, changes in consumer preferences associated with the emergence of the pandemic, and other
market disruptions. Any such developments could have a complex and negative effect on our business, including with respect to the prevailing
economic environment, our lending and investment activities, and our business operations 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

The
Company has 31 offices in 24 communities across Kansas: Manhattan (2), Auburn, Dodge City (2), Fort Scott (2), Garden City, Great Bend
(2), Hoisington, Iola, Junction City, Kincaid, LaCrosse, Lawrence (2), Lenexa, Louisburg, Mound City, Osage City, Osawatomie, Overland
Park (2), Paola, Pittsburg, Prairie Village, Topeka (2), Wamego and Wellsville, Kansas. The Company owns its main office in Manhattan,
Kansas and 27 branch offices and leases three branch offices. The Company leases the branch offices in Topeka, Wamego and Prairie Village,
Kansas. The Company also leases a parking lot for one of the Dodge City branch offices it owns. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

There
are no material pending legal proceedings to which the Company or the Bank is a party or of which any of their property is subject, other
than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the Bank s business. While the ultimate outcome of current legal proceedings cannot
be predicted with certainty, it is the opinion of management that the resolution of these legal actions should not have a material effect
on the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

37 

PART
II. 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
common stock has traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol LARK since 2001. At December 31, 2022, the Company
had approximately 289 common shareholders of record and approximately 1,871 beneficial owners of our common stock. 

In
January 2023, we declared our 86 th consecutive cash quarterly dividend of 0.21 per share. We currently have no plans to change
our dividend strategy given our current capital and liquidity positions. 

Period 
 Total number of shares purchased 
 Average price paid per share 
 Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans (1) 
 Maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans (1) 

October 1-31, 2022 
 7,353 
 25.85 
 7,353 
 178,843 
 
 November 1-30, 2022 
 347 
 25.85 
 347 
 178,496 
 
 December 1-31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 178,496 
 
 Total 
 7,700 
 25.47 
 7,700 
 178,496 

In
March 2020, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase plan, permitting us to repurchase up to 225,890 shares March 2020
Repurchase Program ). As of December 31, 2022, there were 178,496 shares remaining
to repurchase under the March 2020 Repurchase Program. Unless terminated earlier by resolution of the Board of Directors, the March 2020
Repurchase Program will expire when we have repurchased all shares authorized for repurchase thereunder. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Safe
Harbor Statement Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This
document (including information incorporated by reference) contains, and future oral and written statements by us and our management
may contain, forward-looking statements, within the meaning of such term in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, with
respect to our financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance and business. Forward-looking statements,
which may be based upon beliefs, expectations and assumptions of our management and on information currently available to management,
are generally identifiable by the use of words such as believe, expect, anticipate, plan, 
 intend, estimate, may, will, would, could, should 
or other similar expressions. Additionally, all statements in this document, including forward-looking statements, speak only as of the
date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update any statement in light of new information or future events. 

38 

Our
ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. Factors which could have a material
adverse effect on operations and future prospects by us and our subsidiaries include, but are not limited to, the following: 

The
 effects of changes in interest rates (including the effects of changes in the rate of prepayments
 of our assets) and the policies of the Federal Reserve including on our net interest income
 and the value of our security portfolio. 

The
 strength of the United States economy in general and the strength of the local economies
 in which we conduct our operations, including the effects of inflationary pressures and supply
 chain constraints on such economies, which may be less favorable than expected and may result
 in, among other things, a deterioration in the credit quality and value of our assets. 

The
 economic impact of past and any future terrorist attacks, acts of war, including the current
 conflict in Ukraine, or threats thereof, and the response of the United States to any such
 threats and attacks. 

The
 effects of, and changes in, federal, state and local laws, regulations and policies affecting
 banking, securities, consumer protection, insurance, tax, trade and monetary and financial
 matters. 

Our
 ability to compete with other financial institutions due to increases in competitive pressures
 in the financial services sector. 

Our
 inability to obtain new customers and to retain existing customers. 

The
 timely development and acceptance of products and services. 

Technological
 changes implemented by us and by other parties, including third-party vendors, which may
 be more difficult to implement or more expensive than anticipated or which may have unforeseen
 consequences to us and our customers. 

Our
 ability to develop and maintain secure and reliable electronic systems. 

The
 effectiveness of our risk management framework. 

The
 occurrence of fraudulent activity, breaches or failures of our information security controls
 or cybersecurity-related incidents and our ability to identify and address such incidents. 

Interruptions
 involving our information technology and telecommunications systems or third-party servicers. 

Changes
 in and uncertainty related to the availability of benchmark interest rates used to price
 our loans and deposits, including the expected elimination of LIBOR and the development of
 a substitute. 

The
 effects of severe weather, natural disasters, widespread disease or pandemics (including
 the COVID-19 pandemic), and other external events. 

Our
 ability to retain key executives and employees and the difficulty that we may experience
 in replacing key executives and employees in an effective manner. 

Consumer
 spending and saving habits which may change in a manner that affects our business adversely. 

Our
 ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and future growth. 

The
 costs, effects and outcomes of existing or future litigation. 

Changes
 in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by state and federal regulatory agencies
 and the FASB, such as the implementation of CECL. 

Our
 ability to effectively manage our credit risk. 

Our
 ability to forecast probable loan losses and maintain an adequate allowance for loan losses. 

The
 effects of declines in the value of our investment portfolio. 

Our
 ability to raise additional capital if needed. 

The
 effects of declines in real estate markets. 

The
 effects of fraudulent activity on the part of our employees, customers, vendors, or counterparties. 

These
risks and uncertainties should be considered in evaluating forward-looking statements, and undue reliance should not be placed on such
statements. Additional information concerning us and our business, including other factors that could materially affect our financial
results, is included in Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

39 

CORPORATE
PROFILE AND OVERVIEW 

Landmark
Bancorp, Inc. is a financial holding company incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware and is engaged in the banking business
through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Landmark National Bank and in the insurance business through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Landmark
Risk Management, Inc. The Company is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol LARK. The Bank is dedicated to
providing quality financial and banking services to its local communities. Our strategy includes continuing a tradition of quality assets
while growing our commercial, commercial real estate and agriculture loan portfolios. We are committed to developing relationships with
our borrowers and providing a total banking service. 

The
Bank is principally engaged in the business of attracting deposits from the general public and using such deposits, together with borrowings
and other funds, to originate one-to-four family residential real estate, construction and land, commercial real estate, commercial,
agriculture, municipal and consumer loans. Although not our primary business function, we do invest in certain investment and mortgage-related
securities using deposits and other borrowings as funding sources. 

Our
results of operations depend generally on net interest income, which is the difference between interest income from interest-earning
assets and interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest income is affected by regulatory, economic and competitive
factors that influence interest rates, loan demand and deposit flows. In addition, we are subject to interest rate risk to the degree
that our interest-earning assets mature or reprice at different times, or at different speeds, than our interest-bearing liabilities.
Our results of operations are also affected by non-interest income, such as service charges, loan fees, gains from the sale of newly
originated loans and gains or losses on investments, and certain other non-interest related items. Our principal operating expenses,
aside from interest expense, consist of, among others, compensation and employee benefits, occupancy costs, professional fees, amortization
of intangibles expense, federal deposit insurance costs, data processing expenses and provision for loan losses. 

We
are significantly impacted by prevailing economic conditions including federal monetary and fiscal policies and federal regulations of
financial institutions. The Bank s markets have been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, which has had and continues to have a complex
and significant impact on the economy. Deposit balances are influenced by numerous factors such as competing investments, the level of
income and the personal rate of savings within our market areas. Factors influencing lending activities include the demand for housing
and the interest rate pricing competition from other lending institutions. 

Currently,
our business consists of ownership of the Bank, with its main office in Manhattan, Kansas and thirty additional branch offices in
central, eastern, southeast and southwest Kansas, and our ownership of Landmark Risk Management, Inc. Landmark Risk Management, Inc.
is a Nevada-based captive insurance company. 

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Critical
accounting policies are those that are both most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations,
and require our management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates
about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Our critical accounting policies relate to the allowance for loan losses
and business combinations, both of which involve significant judgment by our management. 

We
perform periodic and systematic detailed reviews of our lending portfolio to assess overall collectability. The level of the allowance
for loan losses reflects our estimate of the incurred losses in our loan portfolio. While these estimates are based on substantive methods
for determining allowance requirements, actual outcomes may differ significantly from estimated results. Additional explanation of the
methodologies used in establishing this allowance is provided in the Asset Quality and Distribution section. 

Accounting for business combinations
requires us to make estimates and assumptions to record the net assets acquired and liabilities assumed at fair value. Goodwill is recognized
for the excess purchase price over the estimated fair value of acquired net assets. 

40 

COMPARISON
OF OPERATING RESULTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND DECEMBER 31, 2021 

SUMMARY
OF PERFORMANCE. Net earnings for 2022 decreased 8.1 million, or 45.2 , to 9.9 million as compared to 18.0 million for 2021. The
decrease in net earnings was primarily driven by lower gains on sales of loans, costs associated with the acquisition of Freedom and
losses on sales of investment securities. Gains on sales of one-to-four family residential real estate loans declined as a result of
higher interest rates and low housing inventories. During 2022, a loss of 1.1 million was recorded on the sales of investment securities
as the lowest yielding investment securities were strategically sold to reinvest into higher yielding assets. 

Net
interest income for 2022 increased 560,000 to 38.9 million, or 1.5 higher than the 38.3 million recorded for 2021. The increase in
net interest income was primarily due higher income on our investment securities which increased as a result of higher yields and average
balances. 

We
distributed a 5 stock dividend for the 22nd consecutive year in December 2022. All per share and average share data in this section
reflect the 2022 and 2021 stock dividends. 

Interest
Income. Interest income for 2022 increased 3.4
million to 43.2 million, an increase of 8.5 as compared to 2021. Interest income on loans decreased 139,000, or 0.4 , to 33.5
million for 2022 as compared to 33.6 million in 2021, due primarily to a decline of 4.8 million in income on PPP loans. The yield
on PPP loans increased from 8.16 in 2021 to 16.86 in 2022, however, the higher yields were offset by lower average balances which
declined from 67.6 million in 2021 to 4.0 million in 2022. As of December 31, 2022, all but one PPP loan had been forgiven by the
SBA. Our average loan balances increased from 689.9 million in 2021 to 702.2 million in 2022 as growth in other loan types offset
the decline in PPP loans. Additionally, the accretion of purchase accounting on loans , which adjusted acquired loans to market
rates, increased by 435,000 in 2022, as compared to 2021, due to the acquisition of Freedom. Interest income on investment
securities increased 3.4 million, or 56.5 , to 9.4 million during 2022, as compared to 6.0 million in 2021. The increase in
interest income on investment securities was the result of higher yields on investment securities, which increased from 1.99 in
2021 to 2.15 in 2022. Higher market interest rates have positively impacted the yield on our investment securities portfolio as our
purchases yield more than maturities. Also contributing to the increased income was higher average balances, which increased from
 343.1 million in 2021 to 474.7 million in 2022. 

Interest
Expense. Interest expense during 2022 increased
 2.8 million, or 188.6 , to 4.3 million as compared to 2021. Interest expense on interest-bearing deposits increased 1.8 million, or
171.4 , to 2.8 million for 2022 as compared to 1.0 million in 2021. Our total cost of interest-bearing deposits increased from 0.13 
during 2021 to 0.35 during 2022 primarily as a result of higher rates paid on money market and checking accounts. Most of the increases
in rates was related to accounts that have rates that reprice based on market indexes. Also contributing to the increase in interest
expense was an increase in average interest-bearing deposit balances, which increased from 765.5 million in 2021 to 804.1 million in
2022. Interest expense on borrowings increased 1.1 million, or 225.0 , to 1.6 million during 2022 as compared to 483,000 in 2021.
Contributing to higher interest expense on borrowings were higher average outstanding borrowings, which increased from 27.6 million
in 2021 to 50.0 million during 2022 and higher rates on those borrowings. 

Net
Interest Income. Net interest income represents
the difference between income derived from interest-earning assets and the expense incurred on interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest
income is affected by both the difference between the rates of interest earned on interest-earnings assets and the rates paid on interest-bearing
liabilities interest rate spread as well as the relative amounts of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. 

During
2022, net interest income increased 560,000, or 1.5 , to 38.9 million compared to 38.3 million in 2021. Our net interest margin, on
a tax-equivalent basis, decreased to 3.21 during 2022 from 3.39 during 2021. Our net interest margin increased from 2.99 in the first
quarter of 2022 to 3.05 in the second quarter of 2022, 3.21 in the third quarter of 2022, and 3.53 in the fourth quarter of 2022
as our assets began to reprice faster than our cost of funds. Our net interest margin has been positively impacted by PPP loans over
the past three years, however, the impact of these loans on net interest margin going forward will be minimal. While the rise in interest
rates should result in higher yields on our assets, these improvements could be offset by increased competition for loans and deposits.
Additionally, the deposit balance increases we have seen over the past three years may reverse resulting in the need for higher cost
funding. 

41 

Provision
for Loan Losses. We maintain, and our Board of Directors
monitors, an allowance for losses on loans. The allowance is established based upon management s periodic evaluation of known and
inherent risks in the loan portfolio, review of significant individual loans and collateral, review of delinquent loans, past loss experience,
adverse situations that may affect the borrowers ability to repay, current and expected market conditions, and other factors management
deems important. Determining the appropriate level of reserves involves a high degree of management judgment and is based upon historical
and projected losses in the loan portfolio and the collateral value or discounted cash flows of specifically identified impaired loans.
Additionally, allowance policies are subject to periodic review and revision in response to a number of factors, including current market
conditions, actual loss experience and management s expectations. 

During
2022, we did not recorded a provision for loan losses compared to a provision of 500,000 in 2021. We recorded net loan recoveries of
 16,000 during 2022 compared to net loan charge-offs of 500,000 during 2021. 

Non-interest
Income. Total non-interest income was 13.7 million
in 2022, a decrease of 8.6 million, or 38.5 , compared to 2021. The decrease in non-interest income was primarily the result of decreases
of 7.0 million in gains on sales of loans, as originations of one-to-four family residential real estate loans declined due to lower
housing inventories and higher mortgage rates, which reduced refinancing activity. Also contributing to the decrease in non-interest
income was lower gains on sales of investment securities, which decreased to a loss of 1.1 million in 2022 from a gain of 1.1 million
in 2021. Partially offsetting those decreases was an increase of 794,000 in fees and service charges. The increase in fees and service
charges was primarily due to growth in deposit and loan servicing fees. 

Non-interest
Expense. Non-interest expense increased 4.0 million,
or 10.8 , to 41.3 million in 2022 compared to 37.3 million in 2021. The increase was primarily due to 3.4 million in acquisition costs
related to the Freedom acquisition. Also contributing to the increase in non-interest expense were increases of 636,000 in occupancy
and equipment, an increase of 248,000 in compensation and benefits and 262,000 in other non-interest expense. These increases were
primarily due to the costs associated with operating a new branch facility acquired in the Freedom acquisition during the fourth quarter
of 2022. Offsetting those increases was a decrease of 436,000 in data processing expenses which was due to a new contract with our main
technology provider during 2022. 

INCOME
TAXES. We recorded income tax expense of 1.4 million in 2022 compared to 4.8 million in 2021. The effective tax rate decreased
from 21.1 in 2021 to 12.7 in 2022, primarily due to lower earnings before income taxes. Also contributing to a decline in our effective
tax rate was the recognition of 465,000 of previously unrecognized tax benefits during 2022, which compared to an expense of 162,000
in 2021 related to an increase in accrued interest and penalties on unrecognized tax benefits. 

FINANCIAL
CONDITION. Economic conditions in the United States slowed during 2022 as elevated inflation levels and higher interest rates impacted
the economy. The State of Kansas and the geographic markets in which the Company operates were also impacted by these economic headwinds.
Supply chain constraints, labor shortages and geopolitical events have contributed to the rising inflation levels which are impacting
all areas of the economy both nationally and locally. The Company s allowance for loan losses included estimates of the economic
impact of these conditions and other qualitative factors on our loan portfolio. However, our loan portfolio is diversified across various
types of loans and collateral throughout the markets in which we operate. Aside from a few problem loans that management is working to
resolve, our asset quality has remained strong over the past few years. While further increases in problem assets may arise, management
believes its efforts to run a high quality financial institution with a sound asset base will continue to create a strong foundation
for continued growth and profitability in the future. 

Asset
Quality and Distribution. Our primary investing activities
are the origination of one-to-four family residential real estate, construction and land, commercial real estate, commercial, agriculture,
municipal and consumer loans and the purchase of investment securities. Total assets increased 173.9 million or 13.1 , to 1.5 billion
at December 31, 2022, compared to 1.3 billion at December 31, 2021. The increase in our total assets was primarily the result of the
acquisition of Freedom. Investment securities available-for-sale increased 108.6 million, or 28.5 , from 380.7 million at December
31, 2021 to 489.3 million at December 31, 2022. Net loans, excluding loans held for sale, increased 187.9 million, or 28.8 , to 841.1
million at December 31, 2022, compared to 653.2 million at December 31, 2021. Partially offsetting those increases was a decrease of
 166.1 million, or 87.8 , in cash and cash equivalents, which decreased to 23.2 million at December 31, 2022 from 189.2 million at
December 31, 2021. 

42 

The
allowance for loan losses is established through a provision for loan losses based on our evaluation of the incurred losses in the loan
portfolio and changes in the nature and volume of our loan activity. This evaluation, which includes a review of all loans with respect
to which full collectability may not be reasonably assured, considers the fair value of the underlying collateral, economic conditions,
historical loan loss experience, level of classified loans and other factors that warrant recognition in providing for an appropriate
allowance for loan losses. At December 31, 2022, our allowance for loan losses totaled 8.8 million, or 1.03 of gross loans outstanding,
compared to 8.8 million, or 1.25 of gross loans outstanding, at December 31, 2021. The decline in our allowance for loan losses as
a percentage of gross loans outstanding was primarily due to a decline in non-accrual and classified loans, as well as acquired loans
which were recorded at fair value on the acquisition date of October 1, 2022. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately 13.0 million and 18.0 million, respectively, of loans were considered classified and assigned
a risk rating of special mention, substandard or doubtful. The decrease in classified loans was primarily due to improvements in the
agriculture industry. These ratings indicate that the loans identified as potential problem loans have more than normal risk which raised
doubts as to the ability of the borrower to comply with present loan repayment terms. Even though these borrowers were experiencing moderate
cash flow problems as well as some deterioration in collateral value, management believed the general allowance was sufficient to cover
the risks and probable incurred losses related to such loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Loans
past due 30-89 days and still accruing interest totaled 738,000, or 0.09 of gross loans, at December 31, 2022, compared to 2.0 million,
or 0.30 of gross loans, at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, 3.3 million of loans were on non-accrual status, or 0.39 of gross
loans, compared to 5.2 million, or 0.79 of gross loans, at December 31, 2021. Non-accrual loans consist of loans 90 or more days past
due and certain impaired loans. There were no loans 90 days delinquent and accruing interest at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Our impaired
loans totaled 4.1 million December 31, 2022 compared to 6.7 million at December 31, 2021. The difference in the Company s non-accrual
loan balances and impaired loan balances at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was related to TDRs that were accruing interest but
still classified as impaired. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had 8 loan relationships consisting of 12 outstanding loans totaling 2.5 million that were classified
as TDRs compared to 11 loan relationships consisting of 16 outstanding loans totaling 3.4 million that were classified as TDRs at December
31, 2021. 

During
2022, a 231,000 commercial loan was classified as a TDR after the loan was renewed with payments restructured to match the borrower s
cash flows. During 2022, commercial loans totaling 479,000, 32,000 and 7,000 paid off after being classified as TDRs in 2022, 2021
and 2020, respectively. Also during 2022, two construction and land loans totaling 599,000 were paid off. These loans were originally
classified as TDRs in 2012. Additionally, the Company advanced funds on a construction and land loan which was originally classified
as a TDR in 2012. The customer had paid off the balances on the construction loan during 2021, before borrowing again in 2022. The loan
is still classified as a TDR with 431,000 of charged off principal remaining from the original amount of 708,000. An agriculture loan
totaling 250,000 was also paid off in 2022 after being classified as a TDR in 2021. 

As
part of our credit risk management, we continue to manage the loan portfolio to identify problem loans and have placed additional
emphasis on commercial real estate and construction and land relationships. We are working to resolve the remaining problem credits
or move the non-performing credits out of the loan portfolio. At December 31, 2022, we had 934,000 of real estate owned compared to
 2.6 million at December 31, 2021. The decrease in real estate owned as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 was
primarily due to sale of commercial real estate and a valuation allowance recorded against another commercial real estate property.
As of December 31, 2022, real estate owned consisted of a commercial building, undeveloped land and three residential real estate
properties. The Company is currently marketing all of the remaining properties in real estate owned. 

Liability
Distribution. Our primary ongoing sources of funds
are deposits, FHLB borrowings, proceeds from principal and interest payments on loans and investment securities and proceeds from the
sale of mortgage loans and investment securities. While maturities and scheduled amortization of loans are a predictable source of funds,
deposit flows and mortgage prepayments are greatly influenced by general interest rates and economic conditions. We experienced an increase
of 152.2 million, or 13.2 in total deposits during 2022, to 1.3 billion at December 31, 2022, from 1.1 billion at December 31, 2021.
The increase in deposits was primarily due to the Freedom acquisition. 

43 

Total
borrowings increased 39.2 million, or 134.9 , to 68.3 million at December 31, 2022, from 29.1 million at December 31, 2021. The increase
in borrowings was primarily due to 22.2 million of repurchase agreements assumed in the Freedom acquisition and borrowings used to finance
the purchase. 

Non-interest-bearing
deposits at December 31, 2022, were 410.1 million, or 31.5 of deposits, compared to 350.0 million, or 30.5 of deposits, at December
31, 2021. Money market and checking accounts were 48.2 of our deposit portfolio and totaled 626.7 million at December 31, 2022, compared
to 536.9 million, or 46.8 of deposits, at December 31, 2021. Savings accounts increased to 170.6 million, or 13.1 of deposits, at
December 31, 2022, from 155.5 million, or 13.5 of deposits, at December 31, 2021. Certificates of deposit totaled 93.3 million, or
7.2 of deposits, at December 31, 2022, compared to 106.1 million, or 9.2 of deposits, at December 31, 2021. Competition for deposits
may affect our ability to continue to increase deposit balances and could result in a decrease in our deposit balances in future periods. 

Certificates
of deposit at December 31, 2022, scheduled to mature in one year or less totaled 78.4 million. Historically, maturing deposits have
generally remained with the Bank, and we believe that a significant portion of the deposits maturing in one year or less will remain
with us upon maturity in some type of deposit account. 

CASH
FLOWS. During 2022, our cash and cash equivalents decreased by 166.1 million. Our operating activities provided net cash of 24.8
million in 2022, which is primarily the result of net earnings and sales of one-to-four family residential mortgage loans. Our investing
activities used net cash of 197.2 million during 2022, primarily for the purchase of investment securities. Our financing activities
provided net cash of 6.3 million during 2022, primarily as a result of an increase in borrowings. 

Liquidity.
 Our most liquid assets are cash and cash equivalents
and investment securities available-for-sale. The levels of these assets are dependent on the operating, financing, lending and investing
activities during any given year. These liquid assets totaled 521.5 million at December 31, 2022 and 577.3 million at December 31,
2021. During periods in which we are not able to originate a sufficient amount of loans and/or periods of high principal prepayments,
we generally increase our liquid assets by investing in short-term, high-grade investments. 

Liquidity
management is both a daily and long-term function of our strategy. Excess funds are generally invested in short-term investments. Excess
funds are typically generated as a result of increased deposit balances, while uses of excess funds are generally deposit withdrawals
and loan advances. In the event we require funds beyond our ability to generate them internally, additional funds are generally available
through the use of brokered deposits, FHLB advances, a line of credit with the FHLB, other borrowings or through sales of investment
securities. At December 31, 2022, we had an outstanding balance of 8.2 million against our line of credit with the FHLB. At December
31, 2022, we had collateral pledged to the FHLB that would allow us to borrow 101.8 million, subject to FHLB credit requirements and
policies. At December 31, 2022, we had no borrowings through the Federal Reserve discount window, while our borrowing capacity with the
Federal Reserve was 65.4 million. We also have various other federal funds agreements, both secured and unsecured, with correspondent
banks totaling approximately 30.0 million in available credit under which we had no outstanding borrowings at December 31, 2022. At
December 31, 2022, we had subordinated debentures totaling 21.7 million and 29.4 million of repurchase agreements. At December 31,
2022, the Company had no borrowings against a 5.0 million line of credit from an unrelated financial institution maturing on November
1, 2023, with an interest rate that adjusts daily based on the prime rate less 0.50 . This line of credit has covenants specific to capital
and other financial ratios, which the Company was in compliance with at December 31, 2022. The Company also borrowed 9.0 million from
the same unrelated financial institution at a fixed rate of 6.15 . This borrowing matures on September 1, 2027 and requires quarterly
principal and interest payments. The original balance of this borrowing was 10.0 million and was used to fund part of the acquisition
of Freedom. 

OFF-BALANCE
SHEET ARRANGEMENTS. As a provider of financial services, we routinely issue financial guarantees in the form of financial and performance
standby letters of credit. Standby letters of credit are contingent commitments issued by us generally to guarantee the payment or performance
obligation of a customer to a third party. While these standby letters of credit represent a potential outlay by us, a significant amount
of the commitments may expire without being drawn upon. We have recourse against the customer for any amount the customer is required
to pay to a third party under a standby letter of credit. The letters of credit are subject to the same credit policies, underwriting
standards and approval process as loans made by us. Most of the standby letters of credit are secured, and in the event of nonperformance
by the customers, we have the right to the underlying collateral, which could include commercial real estate, physical plant and property,
inventory, receivables, cash and marketable securities. The contract amount of these standby letters of credit, which represents the
maximum potential future payments guaranteed by us, was 2.7 million at December 31, 2022. 

44 

At
December 31, 2022, we had outstanding loan commitments, excluding standby letters of credit, of 183.5 million. We anticipate that sufficient
funds will be available to meet current loan commitments. These commitments consist of unfunded lines of credit and commitments to finance
real estate loans. 

CAPITAL.
 Current regulatory capital regulations require financial institutions (including banks and bank holding companies) to meet certain
regulatory capital requirements. The Company and the Bank are subject to the Basel III Rule that implemented the Basel III regulatory
capital reforms from the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and certain changes required by the Dodd-Frank Act. The Basel III Rule
is applicable to all U.S. banks that are subject to minimum capital requirements, as well as to bank and savings and loan holding companies
other than small bank holding companies (generally, non-public bank holding companies with consolidated assets of less
than 3.0 billion). 

The
Basel III Rule requires a common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets minimum ratio of 4.5 , a Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted
assets minimum ratio of 6.0 , a Total Capital to risk-weighted assets minimum ratio of 8.0 , and a Tier 1 leverage minimum ratio of 4.0 .
A capital conservation buffer, equal to 2.5 common equity Tier 1 capital, is also established above the regulatory minimum capital requirements
(other than the Tier 1 leverage ratio). At December 31, 2022, the Bank maintained a leverage ratio of 8.14 and a total risk-based capital
ratio of 13.44 . As shown by the following table, the Bank s capital exceeded the minimum capital requirements in effect at December
31, 2022, including the capital conservation buffers. 

Actual 
 Actual 
 Minimum 
 Minimum 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 amount 
 percent 
 amount 
 percent(1) 
 
 Leverage 
 122,275 
 8.14 
 60,100 
 4.00 
 
 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
 101,275 
 10.37 
 68,352 
 7.00 
 
 Tier 1 Capital 
 122,275 
 12.52 
 82,999 
 8.50 
 
 Total risk-based Capital 
 131,236 
 13.44 
 102,528 
 10.50 

(1) 
 The minimum required percent includes a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 . 

Banks
and bank holding companies are generally expected to operate at or above the minimum capital requirements. The Company s and the
Bank s ratios above are well in excess of regulatory minimums. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company and the Bank also
exceeded the well capitalized thresholds, which is the highest rating available. There are no conditions or events that
management believes have changed the Company s and the Bank s category as of the date of this report. We have 21.7 million
in trust preferred securities which, in accordance with current capital guidelines, have been included in total risk-based capital as
of December 31, 2022. Cash distributions on the securities are payable quarterly, are deductible for income tax purposes and are included
in interest expense in the consolidated financial statements. 

DIVIDENDS 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid quarterly cash dividends of 0.20 per share to our stockholders, as adjusted to give effect
to 5 stock dividends, which we distributed for the 22nd consecutive year in December 2022. The 2021 quarterly cash dividends were 0.18
per share as adjusted to give effect to 5 stock dividends. 

The
payment of dividends by any financial institution or its holding company is affected by the requirement to maintain adequate capital
pursuant to applicable capital adequacy guidelines and regulations. As described above, the Bank exceeded its minimum capital requirements
under applicable guidelines as of December 31, 2022. The National Bank Act imposes limitations on the amount of dividends that a national
bank may pay without prior regulatory approval. Generally, the amount is limited to the bank s current year s net earnings
plus the adjusted retained earnings for the two preceding years. As of December 31, 2022, 7.7 million was available to be paid as dividends
to the Company by the Bank without prior regulatory approval. 

Additionally,
our ability to pay dividends is limited by the subordinated debentures associated with the trust preferred securities that are held by
three business trusts that we control. Interest payments on the debentures must be paid before we pay dividends on our capital stock,
including our common stock. We have the right to defer interest payments on the debentures for up to 20 consecutive quarters. However,
if we elect to defer interest payments, all deferred interest must be paid before we may pay dividends on our capital stock. 

45 

EFFECTS
OF INFLATION 

Our
consolidated financial statements and accompanying footnotes have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles GAAP ), which generally require the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical
dollars without consideration for changes in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. The impact of inflation
can be found in the increased cost of our operations because our assets and liabilities are primarily monetary, and interest rates have
a greater impact on our performance than do the effects of inflation. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Our
assets and liabilities are principally financial in nature, and the resulting net interest income thereon is subject to changes in market
interest rates and the mix of various assets and liabilities. Interest rates in the financial markets affect our decisions on pricing
our assets and liabilities which impacts our net interest income, a significant cash flow source for us. As a result, a substantial portion
of our risk management activities relates to managing interest rate risk. 

Our
Asset/Liability Management Committee monitors the interest rate sensitivity of our balance sheet using earnings simulation models and
interest sensitivity gap analysis. We have set policy limits of interest rate risk to be assumed in the normal course of
business and monitor such limits through our simulation process. 

In
the past, we have been successful in meeting the interest rate sensitivity objectives set forth in our policy. Simulation models are
prepared to determine the impact on net interest income for the coming twelve months, including using rates at December 31, 2022 and
forecasting volumes for the twelve-month projection. This position is then subjected to a shift in interest rates of 100, 200 and 300
basis points rising and 100 basis points falling with an impact to our net interest income on a one-year horizon as follows: 

As of December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 
 Scenario 
 Dollar change in net interest income 000 s) 
 Percent change in net interest income 
 Dollar change in net interest income 000 s) 
 Percent change in net interest income 
 
 300 basis point rising 
 (3,245 
 (6.6 
 3,356 
 9.9 
 
 200 basis point rising 
 (2,218 
 (4.5 
 2,234 
 6.6 
 
 100 basis point rising 
 (1,215 
 (2.5 
 1,157 
 3.4 
 
 100 basis point falling 
 747 
 1.5 
 (845 
 (2.5 
 
 200 basis point falling 
 434 
 90.0 
 NM 
 NM 
 
 300 basis point falling 
 (67 
 (0.1 
 NM 
 NM 

The
200 and 300 basis point falling scenarios were considered to be not meaningful NM as of December 31, 2021. 

ASSET/LIABILITY
MANAGEMENT 

Interest
rate gap analysis is a common, though imperfect, measure of interest rate risk which measures the relative dollar amounts
of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities which reprice within a specific time period, either through maturity or rate
adjustment. The gap is the difference between the amounts of such assets and liabilities that are subject to such repricing.
A positive gap for a given period means that the amount of interest-earning assets maturing or otherwise repricing within
that period exceeds the amount of interest-bearing liabilities maturing or otherwise repricing during that same period. In a rising interest
rate environment, an institution with a positive gap would generally be expected, absent the effects of other factors, to experience
a greater increase in the yield of its assets relative to the cost of its liabilities. Conversely, the cost of funds for an institution
with a positive gap would generally be expected to decline less quickly than the yield on its assets in a falling interest rate environment.
Changes in interest rates generally have the opposite effect on an institution with a negative gap. 

The
following is our static gap schedule. Loans include prepayment assumptions based on historical prepayment speeds. Mortgage-backed
securities include published prepayment assumptions, while all other investments assume no prepayments. 

46 

Certificates
of deposit reflect contractual maturities only. Money market, checking and savings accounts reprice immediately in the first period.
Borrowing reflects contractual repricing and maturities. 

We
have been successful in meeting the interest sensitivity objectives set forth in our policy. This has been accomplished primarily by
managing the assets and liabilities while maintaining our traditional high credit standards. 

INTEREST-EARNING
ASSETS AND INTEREST-BEARING LIABILITIES REPRICING SCHEDULE 

 GAP 
TABLE) 

As
of December 31, 2022 

3 months or less 
 3 to 12 months 
 1 to 5 years 
 Over 5 years 
 Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Interest-earning assets: 

Investment securities 
 16,798 
 31,437 
 261,504 
 183,091 
 492,830 
 
 Loans 
 198,950 
 350,737 
 285,139 
 8,811 
 843,637 
 
 Total interest-earning assets 
 215,748 
 382,174 
 546,643 
 191,902 
 1,336,467 

Interest-bearing liabilities: 

Certificates of deposit 
 30,825 
 47,607 
 14,820 
 26 
 93,278 
 
 Money market and checking accounts 
 626,659 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 626,659 
 
 Savings accounts 
 170,570 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 170,570 
 
 Borrowed money 
 51,315 
 9,179 
 7,759 
 - 
 68,253 
 
 Total interest-bearing liabilities 
 879,369 
 56,786 
 22,579 
 26 
 958,760 

Interest sensitivity gap per period 
 (663,621 
 325,388 
 524,064 
 191,876 
 377,707 
 
 Cumulative interest sensitivity gap 
 (663,621 
 (338,233 
 185,831 
 377,707 

Cumulative gap as a percent of total interest-earning assets 
 (49.65 
 (25.31 
 13.90 
 28.26 

Cumulative interest sensitive assets as a percent of cumulative interest sensitive liabilities 
 24.53 
 63.87 
 119.38 
 139.40 

47 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Stockholders
and the Board of Directors 

 Landmark
Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Manhattan,
Kansas 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Landmark Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits
included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,
and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts
and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Allowance
for Loan Losses Qualitative Factors 

As
described in Note 1 and Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s allowance for loan losses represents management s
estimate of probable incurred losses in the loan portfolio. The allowance for loan losses was 8,791,000 as of December 31, 2022, which
consists of two components: the valuation allowance for loans individually evaluated for loss specific component ), representing
 654,000, and the valuation allowance for loans collectively evaluated for loss general component ), representing 8,137,000.
The general component is based on the Company s historical loss experience adjusted for qualitative factors. The qualitative factors
considered by the Company are described in Note 1. Management applied significant judgment to determine
the amount of the qualitative factors. 

We
identified auditing the qualitative factors to be a critical audit matter as it involved especially subjective auditor judgment to audit
management s determination and application of the qualitative factors. 

48 

Our
substantive audit procedures to address the critical audit matter included: 

Testing
 the completeness and accuracy of internal data and the relevance and reliability of external
 data used as a basis for the qualitative factors. 

Evaluating
 the reasonableness of management s judgments and assumptions related to the determination
 of the qualitative factors and the resulting allocation to the allowance. 

Analytically
 evaluating the qualitative factors including the magnitude of the adjustments. 

Testing
 the mathematical accuracy of the allowance calculation, including the application of the
 qualitative factors. 

Business
Combination Fair Value of Acquired Loans 

As
described in Note 1 and Note 3 to the financial statements, effective October 1, 2022, the Company acquired Freedom Bancshares, Inc.
The assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. Determination of the
acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed required management to make estimates and assumptions. The
fair value of the acquired loans was 113,910,000 and required significant management judgment to develop assumptions about expected
future cash flows and discount rates. 

We
identified the determination of the acquisition date fair value of acquired loans as a critical audit matter as auditing this estimate
(1) required especially subjective auditor judgment in evaluating management s assumptions used in the fair value determination
and (2) required the need for specialized skill in performing our testing. 

Our
substantive audit procedures to address the critical audit matter included: 

Utilizing
 the assistance of specialists to develop an independent expectation of the fair value of
 the acquired loans, including the evaluation of relevance and reliability of the data and
 assumptions obtained and used by the specialists, for comparison to management s estimate. 

Testing
 the completeness and accuracy of management data used in developing our independent expectation
 of the fair value of the acquired loans. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 

March
30, 2023 

49 

LANDMARK
BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

2022 
 2021 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Interest-bearing deposits at other banks 

Investment securities available-for-sale, at fair value 

Investment securities held-to-maturity 
 
 - 
 
 Bank stocks, at cost 

Loans, net of allowance for loans losses of and 

Loans held for sale, at fair value 

Bank owned life insurance 

Premises and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Other intangible assets, net 

Mortgage servicing rights 

Real estate owned, net 

Accrued interest and other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Liabilities: 

Deposits: 

Non-interest bearing demand 

Money market and checking 

Savings 

Certificates of deposit 

Total deposits 

Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings 
 
 - 
 
 Subordinated debentures 

Other borrowings 

Accrued interest and other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par, shares authorized; issued 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

50 

LANDMARK
BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statements of Earnings 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Interest income: 

Loans 

Investment securities: 

Taxable 

Tax-exempt 

Interest-bearing deposits at banks 

Total interest income 

Interest expense: 

Deposits 

Subordinated debentures 

Borrowings 

Total interest expense 

Net interest income 

Provision for loan losses 
 - 

Net interest income after provision for loan losses 

Non-interest income: 

Fees and service charges 

Gains on sales of loans, net 

Increase in cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance 

(Losses) gains on sales of investment securities, net 

Other 

Total non-interest income 

Non-interest expense: 

Compensation and benefits 

Occupancy and equipment 

Data processing 

Amortization of mortgage servicing rights and other intangibles 

Professional fees 

Acquisition costs 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other 

Total non-interest expense 

Earnings before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net earnings 

Earnings per share (1): 

Basic 

Diluted 

(1) 
 stock dividends paid during December 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

51 

LANDMARK
BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Income 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Net earnings 

Net unrealized holding (losses) gains on available-for-sale securities 

Less reclassification adjustment on losses (gains) included in earnings 

Net unrealized (losses) gains 

Income tax effect on net (losses) gains included in earnings 

Income tax effect on net unrealized holding losses (gains) 

Other comprehensive (loss) income 

Total comprehensive (loss) income 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

52 

LANDMARK
BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders Equity 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Common stock 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Retained earnings 
 Treasury stock 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 Total 
 
 Balance at January 1, 2020 

- 

Net earnings 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Other comprehensive income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Dividends paid 
 per share) (1) 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of restricted common stock, shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Purchase of treasury shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of stock options, 
 shares 2 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

stock dividend, shares 

- 
 - 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 

- 

Net earnings 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Other comprehensive loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Dividends paid 
 per share) 1 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of restricted common stock, shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Exercise of stock options, 
 shares 2 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

stock dividend, shares 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 

- 

Balance 

- 

Net earnings 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Other comprehensive loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Dividends paid 
 per share) (1) 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of restricted common stock, shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Purchase of treasury shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of stock options, 
 shares (2) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 stock dividend, shares 

- 
 - 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

- 

Balance 

- 

(1) 
 stock dividends paid during December 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

(2) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

53 

LANDMARK
BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net earnings 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Provision for loan losses 
 - 

Valuation allowance on real estate owned 

Amortization of investment security premiums, net 

Accretion of purchase accounting adjustments 

Amortization of intangibles 

Depreciation 

Increase in cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance 

Stock-based compensation 

Deferred income taxes 

Net loss (gain) on investment securities 

Net (gain) loss on sales of premises and equipment and foreclosed assets 

Net gains on sales of loans 

Proceeds from sale of loans 

Origination of loans held for sale 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accrued interest and other assets 

Accrued interest, expenses and other liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Net (increase) decrease in loans 

Net change in interest-bearing deposits at banks 

Maturities and prepayments of investment securities 

Purchases of investment securities 

Proceeds from sale of available-for-sale securities 

Redemption of bank stocks 

Purchase of bank stocks 

Net cash paid in bank acquisition 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from sales of premises and equipment and foreclosed assets 

Purchase of bank owned life insurance 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Premiums paid on bank owned life insurance 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Purchases of premises and equipment, net 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Net increase in deposits 

Federal Home Loan Bank advance borrowings 
 
 - 

Federal Home Loan Bank advance repayments 
 
 - 

Proceeds from other borrowings 
 
 - 

Repayments on other borrowings 
 
 - 

Change in repurchase agreements 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
 - 

Payment of dividends 

Purchase of treasury stock 
 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

(continued) 

54 

LANDMARK
BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows, Continued 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash payments paid during the year for income taxes 

Cash paid during the year for interest 

Cash paid during the year for operating leases 

Supplemental schedule of noncash investing and financing activities: 

Transfer of loans to real estate owned 
 - 

Operating lease asset and related liability recorded 
 - 
 
 - 

Bank acquisition: 

Fair value of liabilities assumed 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Fair value of assets acquired 
 
 - 
 - 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

55 

LANDMARK
BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

The
allowance for loan losses includes a general component to absorb probable incurred loan losses in the loan portfolio and is based on
historical loan loss experience adjusted for qualitative factors. In addition to the general component the allowance consists of a specific
component. The specific component relates to loans that are individually classified as impaired when, based on current information and
events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. 

Intangible
assets include core deposit intangibles and lease intangibles. Core deposit intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful
life of ten years on an accelerated basis. Lease intangible assets are amortized over the life of the lease. When facts and circumstances
indicate potential impairment, the Company will evaluate the recoverability of the intangible asset s carrying value, using estimates
of undiscounted future cash flows over the remaining asset life. Any impairment loss is measured by the excess of carrying value over
fair value. 

. The Company
recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense in the consolidated statements
of earnings. The Company assesses deferred tax assets to determine if the items are more likely than not to be realized, and a valuation
allowance is established for any amounts that are not more likely than not to be realized. 

, and , respectively,
of unexercised stock options because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. 

common stock
dividends paid by the Company in December 2022, 2021 and 2020, are shown below: 

Schedule of Earnings Per Share, Basic and Diluted 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Net earnings available to common shareholders 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic 

Assumed exercise of stock options 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted 

Earnings per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

In
January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-04, Intangibles Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment.
The amendments in this update simplify the subsequent measurement of goodwill by eliminating Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test.
The amendments require an entity to perform its annual, or interim, goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting
unit with its carrying amount and recognizing an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting
unit s fair value, not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. Additionally, an entity should
consider income tax effects from any tax deductible goodwill on the carrying amount of the reporting unit when measuring the goodwill
impairment loss, if applicable. The amendments also eliminate the requirement for any reporting unit with a zero or negative carrying
amount to perform a qualitative assessment and, if it fails that qualitative test, to perform Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test.
The amendments in this ASU are effective for annual or interim goodwill impairment tests in fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2019. In October 2019, the FASB approved a change in the effective dates for ASU 2017-04 which delayed the effective date to fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2022 for smaller reporting companies. Because the Company is a smaller reporting company, the proposed delay
is applicable to the Company, and the Company plans to delay the implementation of ASU 2017-04 until January 1, 2023. Early adoption
of the amendments of this ASU is permitted. The adoption of ASU 2017-04 is not expected to have a material effect on the Company s
operating results or financial condition. 

In
May 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial
Reporting. Reference rate reform relates to the effects undertaken to eliminate certain reference rates such as the London Interbank
Offered Rate LIBOR and introduce new reference rates that may be based on larger or more liquid observations and transactions.
ASU 2020-04 provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contracts, hedging relationships and other contracts. Generally,
ASU 2020-04 would allow entities to consider contract modifications due to reference rate reform to be a continuation of an existing
contract; thus, the Company would not have to determine if the modification is considered insignificant. The standard was effective upon
issuance and the amendments may be applied prospectively through December 31, 2022 such that changes made to contracts beginning on or
after January 1, 2023 would not apply. LIBOR will continue to be published until June 30, 2023. 

million
of cash. Freedom Bancshares, Inc. was the holding company of Freedom Bank. Freedom Bank was founded in 2006 and operated out of a single
location in Overland Park, Kansas. The acquisition was effected through the merger of Freedom Bancshares, Inc. with and into the Bank.
The purchase price was financed with million of debt issued by Company and through cash received from a dividend from the Bank. 

The
transaction was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting, and as such, assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded
at their estimated fair value on the acquisition date. The fair values are subject to change if additional information becomes available
during the measurement period. Additionally, the final goodwill calculation may be impacted by the completion of the final tax return
for Freedom Bancshares, Inc. and Freedom Bank which is still in process, along with the review of certain contracts acquired or assumed. Acquired loans were recorded at fair value at the acquisition
date and no separate valuation allowance was established. No purchased credit impaired loans were acquired. Market value adjustments
are accreted or amortized on a level yield basis over the expected term of the asset or liability. Additionally, the Company recorded
a core deposit intangible of million. The core deposit intangible is amortized on an accelerated basis over the estimated useful
life of the deposits. Goodwill of million from the acquisition consisted largely of synergies and the cost savings resulting from
the combining of the operations of the banks. The goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes. The Company incurred million
of acquisition related costs relating to the acquisition during 2022 of which million was deductible for income tax purposes. 

Results
of the operations of the acquired business are included in the income statement from the effective date of the acquisition. 

Assets acquired: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Investment securities 

Bank stocks 

Loans 

Bank owned life insurance 

Premises and equipment 

Core deposit intangibles 

Other 

Total assets acquired 

Liabilities assumed: 

Deposits 

FHLB advances 

Other borrowings 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net assets acquired 

Goodwill 

The
fair value of net assets acquired includes fair value adjustments to certain receivables that were not considered impaired as of the
acquisition date. The fair value adjustments were determined using discounted contractual cash flows. However, the Company believes that
all contractual cash flows related to these financial instruments will be collected. As such, these receivables, which have shown evidence
of credit deterioration since origination were not considered impaired at the acquisition date and were not subject to the guidance relating
to purchased credit impaired loans. Receivables acquired that were not subject to these requirements include non-impaired loans with
a fair value and gross contractual amounts receivable of million and million on the date of acquisition. 

Unaudited
pro forma consolidated operating results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, as if the acquisition was consummated
on January 1 of that year are as follows: 

Net earnings 

Earnings per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

- 

U. S. federal agency obligations 
 
 - 

Municipal obligations, tax exempt 

Municipal obligations, taxable 

Agency mortgage-backed securities 

Total available-for-sale 

Held-to-maturity: 

Other 

Total held-to-maturity 

As of December 31, 2021 

Gross 
 Gross 

Amortized 
 unrealized 
 unrealized 
 Estimated 

cost 
 gains 
 losses 
 fair value 
 
 Available-for-sale: 

U. S. treasury securities 
 
 - 

U. S. federal agency obligations 

Municipal obligations, tax exempt 

Municipal obligations, taxable 

Agency mortgage-backed securities 

Total 

The
tables above show that some of the securities in the available-for-sale and held-to-maturity investment portfolio had unrealized losses,
or were temporarily impaired, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. This temporary impairment represents the estimated amount of loss that
would be realized if the securities were sold on the valuation date. 

U. S. federal agency obligations 

- 
 - 

Municipal obligations, tax exempt 

Municipal obligations, taxable 

Agency mortgage-backed securities 

Total available-for-sale 

Other 

- 
 - 

Total 

- 
 - 

As of December 31, 2021 

Less than 12 months 
 12 months or longer 
 Total 

No. of 
 Fair 
 Unrealized 
 Fair 
 Unrealized 
 Fair 
 Unrealized 

securities 
 value 
 losses 
 value 
 losses 
 value 
 losses 
 
 U. S. treasury securities 

- 
 - 

U. S. federal agency obligations 

Municipal obligations, tax exempt 

Municipal obligations, taxable 

- 
 - 

Agency mortgage-backed securities 

- 
 - 

Total 

The
Company s U.S. treasury portfolio consists of securities issued by the United States Department of the Treasury. The receipt of
principal and interest on U.S. treasury securities is guaranteed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government. Based on these
factors, along with the Company s intent to not sell the security and its belief that it was more likely than not that the Company
will not be required to sell the security before recovery of its cost basis, the Company believed that the U.S. treasury securities identified
in the tables above were temporarily impaired. 

The
Company s U.S. federal agency portfolio consists of securities issued by the government-sponsored agencies of FHLMC, FNMA and the
FHLB. The receipt of principal and interest on U.S. federal agency obligations is guaranteed by the respective government-sponsored agency
guarantor, such that the Company believes that its U.S. federal agency obligations do not expose the Company to credit-related losses.
Based on these factors, along with the Company s intent to not sell the securities and its belief that it was more likely than
not that the Company will not be required to sell the securities before recovery of their cost basis, the Company believed that the U.S.
federal agency obligations identified in the tables above were temporarily impaired. 

The
Company s portfolio of municipal obligations consists of both tax-exempt and taxable general obligations securities issued by various
municipalities. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not intend to sell and it is more likely than not that the Company will not
be required to sell its municipal obligations in an unrealized loss position until the recovery of its cost basis. Due to the issuers 
continued satisfaction of the securities obligations in accordance with their contractual terms and the expectation that they
will continue to do so, the evaluation of the fundamentals of the issuers financial condition and other objective evidence, the
Company believed that the municipal obligations identified in the tables above were temporarily impaired. 

The
Company s agency mortgage-backed securities portfolio consists of securities underwritten to the standards of and guaranteed by
the government-sponsored agencies of FHLMC, FNMA and the GNMA. The receipt of principal, at par, and interest on agency mortgage-backed
securities is guaranteed by the respective government-sponsored agency guarantor, such that the Company believed that its agency mortgage-backed
securities did not expose the Company to credit-related losses. Based on these factors, along with the Company s intent to not
sell the securities and the Company s belief that it was more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell the
securities before recovery of their cost basis, the Company believed that the agency mortgage-backed securities identified in the tables
above were temporarily impaired. 

The
Company s other investment securities portfolio consists of seven subordinated debentures issued by financial institutions. These
investment securities were acquired in the Freedom Bank acquisition and classified as held-to-maturity. The securities were issued in
2021 and 2022 with a 10 year maturity and a fixed rate for five years. The securities are callable after the end of the fixed rate term.
Due to the issuers continued satisfaction of the securities obligations in accordance with their contractual terms and
the expectation that they will continue to do so, the evaluation of the fundamentals of the issuers financial condition and other
objective evidence, the Company believed that the other securities identified in the tables above were temporarily impaired. 

The
table below includes scheduled principal payments and estimated prepayments, based on observable market inputs, for agency mortgage-backed
securities. Actual maturities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers have the right to prepay obligations with or
without prepayment penalties. The amortized cost and fair value of investment securities at December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

Due after one year but within five years 

Due after five years but within ten years 

Due after ten years 

Total available-for-sale 

Held-to-maturity 

Due after five years but within ten years 

Total held-to-maturity 

Realized gains 
 - 

Realized losses 
 
 - 

Net realized (losses) gains 

Securities
with carrying values of million and million were pledged to secure public funds on deposit, repurchase agreements and as
collateral for borrowings at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Except for U.S. treasuries and federal agency obligations, no
investment in a single issuer exceeded of consolidated stockholders equity. 

million compared to at December 31, 2021. The carrying value of the FRB stock at
December 31, 2022 was million compared to million at December 31, 2021. These securities are not readily marketable and are
required for regulatory purposes and borrowing availability. Since there are no available market values, these securities are carried
at cost. Redemption of these investments at par value is at the option of the FHLB or FRB, as applicable. Also included in Bank stocks
are other miscellaneous investments in the common stock of various correspondent banks which are held for borrowing purposes and totaled
 at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Construction and land loans 

Commercial real estate loans 

Commercial loans 

Paycheck protection program loans 

Agriculture loans 

Municipal loans 

Consumer loans 

Total gross loans 

Net deferred loan (fees) costs and loans in process 

Allowance for loan losses 

Loans, net 

- 

Charge-offs 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Recoveries 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Provision for loan losses 

- 

- 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

- 

Allowance for loan losses: 

Individually evaluated for loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Collectively evaluated for loss 

- 

Total 

- 

Loan balances: 

Individually evaluated for loss 

- 

- 

Collectively evaluated for loss 

Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

One-to-four family residential real estate loans 
 Construction and land loans 
 Commercial real estate loans 
 Commercial loans 
 Paycheck protection loans 
 Agriculture loans 
 Municipal loans 
 Consumer loans 
 Total 
 
 Allowance for loan losses: 

Balance at January 1, 2021 

- 

Charge-offs 
 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Recoveries 

- 
 
 - 

Provision for loan losses 

- 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

- 

Allowance for loan losses: 

Individually evaluated for loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Collectively evaluated for loss 

- 

Total 

- 

Loan balances: 

Individually evaluated for loss 

- 

- 

Collectively evaluated for loss 

Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Year ended December 31, 2020 

One-to-four family residential real estate loans 
 Construction and land loans 
 Commercial real estate loans 
 Commercial loans 
 Paycheck protection loans 
 Agriculture loans 
 Municipal loans 
 Consumer loans 
 Total 
 
 Allowance for loan losses: 

Balance at January 1, 2020 

- 

Balance 

- 

Charge-offs 

- 
 
 - 

Recoveries 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Provision for loan losses 

- 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

- 

Balance 

- 

Allowance for loan losses: 

Individually evaluated for loss 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

Collectively evaluated for loss 

- 

Total 

- 

Loan balances: 

Individually evaluated for loss 

- 

Collectively evaluated for loss 

Total 

The
Company s impaired loans decreased million from million at December 31, 2021 to million at December 31, 2022. The
difference between the unpaid contractual principal and the impaired loan balance is a result of charge-offs recorded against impaired
loans. The difference in the Company s non-accrual loan balances and impaired loan balances at December 31, 2022 and December 31,
2021 was related to TDRs that are current and accruing interest, but still classified as impaired. Interest income recognized on a cash
basis for impaired loans was immaterial during the years 2022, 2021 and 2020. The following tables present information on impaired loans: 

- 
 - 

Construction and land loans 

- 
 - 

Commercial real estate loans 

- 
 - 

Commercial loans 

Agriculture loans 

Municipal loans 

- 
 - 

Total impaired loans 

As of December 31, 2021 

Unpaid contractual principal 
 Impaired loan balance 
 Impaired loans without an allowance 
 Impaired loans with an allowance 
 Related allowance recorded 
 Year-to-date average loan balance 
 Year-to-date interest income recognized 

One-to-four family residential real estate loans 

- 
 - 

Construction and land loans 

- 
 - 

Commercial real estate loans 

- 
 - 

Commercial loans 

Agriculture loans 

- 
 - 

Municipal loans 

- 
 - 

Total impaired loans 

As of December 31, 2020 

Unpaid contractual principal 
 Impaired loan balance 
 Impaired loans without an allowance 
 Impaired loans with an allowance 
 Related allowance recorded 
 Year-to-date average loan balance 
 Year-to-date interest income recognized 

One-to-four family residential real estate loans 

- 
 - 

Construction and land loans 

- 
 - 

Commercial real estate loans 

Commercial loans 

Agriculture loans 

Municipal loans 

- 
 - 

Consumer loans 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Total impaired loans 

The
Company s key credit quality indicator is a loan s performance status, defined as accruing or non-accruing. Performing loans
are considered to have a lower risk of loss. Non-accrual loans are those which the Company believes have a higher risk of loss. The accrual
of interest on non-performing loans is discontinued at the time the loan is ninety days delinquent, unless the credit is well secured
and in process of collection. Loans are placed on non-accrual or are charged off at an earlier date if collection of principal or interest
is considered doubtful. There were no loans ninety days delinquent and accruing interest at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. The
following tables present information on the Company s past due and non-accrual loans by loan class: 

- 

Construction and land loans 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Commercial real estate loans 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Commercial loans 
 - 
 
 - 

Paycheck protection program loans 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Agriculture loans 
 - 
 
 - 

Municipal loans 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Consumer loans 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Total 

- 

Percent of gross loans 

As of December 31, 2021 

30-59 days delinquent and accruing 
 60-89 days delinquent and accruing 
 90 days or more delinquent and accruing 
 Total past due loans accruing 
 Non-accrual loans 
 Total past due and non-accrual loans 
 Total loans not past due 

One-to-four family residential real estate loans 

- 

Construction and land loans 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Commercial real estate loans 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Commercial loans 

- 

Paycheck protection program loans 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Agriculture loans 
 
 - 
 - 

Municipal loans 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Consumer loans 

- 
 
 - 

Total 

- 

Percent of gross loans 

Under
the original terms of the Company s non-accrual loans, interest earned on such loans for the years 2022, 2021 and 2020, would have
increased interest income by , and , respectively. No interest income related to non-accrual loans was included
in interest income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

The
Company also categorizes loans into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of the borrowers to service their
debt such as current financial information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, public information and current economic
trends, among other factors. The Company analyzes loans individually by classifying the loans as to credit risk. This analysis is performed
on a quarterly basis. Non-classified loans generally include those loans that are expected to be repaid in accordance with contractual
loan terms. Classified loans are those that are assigned a special mention, substandard or doubtful risk rating using the following definitions: 

Special
Mention: Loans classified as special mention have a potential weakness that deserves management s close attention. If left uncorrected,
these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or of the institution s credit position
at some future date. 

Substandard:
Loans are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged. Loans have
a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. Loans are characterized by the distinct possibility
that the Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 

Doubtful:
Loans classified doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as substandard, with the added characteristic that weaknesses
make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable. 

Construction and land loans 

Commercial real estate loans 

Commercial loans 

Paycheck protection program loans 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Agriculture loans 

Municipal loans 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Consumer loans 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Total 

Total gross loans 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had eight loan relationships consisting of 12 outstanding loans totaling million that were classified
as TDRs compared to 11 loan relationships consisting of 16 outstanding loans totaling million that were classified as TDRs at December
31, 2021. 

During
2022, a commercial loan was classified as a TDR after the loan was renewed with payments restructured to match the borrower s
cash flows. During 2022, commercial loans totaling , and paid off after being classified as TDRs in 2022, 2021
and 2020, respectively. Also during 2022, two construction and land loans totaling were paid off. These loans were originally
classified as TDRs in 2012. Additionally, the Company advanced funds on a construction and land loan which was originally classified
as a TDR in 2012. The customer had paid off the balances on the construction loan during 2021, before borrowing again in 2022. The loan
is still classified as a TDR with of charged off principal remaining from the original amount of . An agriculture loan
totaling was also paid off in 2022 after being classified as a TDR in 2021. 

During
2021, a commercial loan relationship consisting of five loans was modified after originally being classified as a TDR in 2020. The borrower
liquidated some of the collateral securing the loans and refinanced the remaining balance of into one loan, which retained a
TDR classification. A commercial loan totaling was classified as a TDR during 2021 after the maturity of the loan was extended.
The restructuring changed the payment terms to match the borrower s cash flows. The Company had previously charged-off 
of the loan due to a collateral shortfall. An agriculture loan totaling was also classified as a TDR during 2021 after a new
loan was originated to an existing classified loan relationship. The additional loan provided funds to stabilize the borrower s
operations through the fall harvest. All of the loans classified as TDRs were experiencing financial difficulties prior to the COVID-19
pandemic. An agriculture loan and two construction and land loans previously classified as TDRs in 2016 and 2012, respectively, were
paid off during 2021. 

During
2020, the Company modified the payment terms on an agriculture loan totaling and classified the restructuring as a TDR. The
loans related to a million loan relationship, consisting of two one-to-our family loans, one construction and land loan, two commercial
real estate loans and one commercial loan, were classified as TDRs during 2020 after negotiating restructuring agreements with the borrowers.
The restructuring included a charge-off of . The loans related to one commercial loan relationship, with five loans totaling ,
were classified as TDRs during 2020, after the payments were modified to interest only. All of the loans classified as TDRs were experiencing
financial difficulties prior to the COVID-19 pandemic. An agriculture loan, a commercial real estate loan and a one-to-four family residential
real estate loan previously classified as TDRs in 2017, 2015 and 2016, respectively, paid off during 2020. 

Subsequently,
the Company evaluates each TDR individually and returns the loan to accrual status when a payment history is established after the restructuring
and future payments are reasonably assured. There were no loans modified as TDRs for which there was a payment default within 12 months
of modification as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. At December 31, 2022, there was of commitments to lend additional funds
on loans classified as TDRs. The Company did not record any charge-offs against loans classified as TDRs during 2022 and recorded a provision
for loan loss of against TDRs in 2022. The Company did not record any charge-offs against loans classified as TDRs during 2021
and recorded a credit provision for loan loss of against TDRs during 2021. The Company did not record any charge-offs against
loans classified as TDRs during 2020 and recorded a credit provision for loan loss of against TDRs during 2020. The Company allocated
 and of the allowance for loan losses recorded against loans classified as TDRs at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

- 

- 

Construction and land loans 

Commercial real estate loans 

- 

- 
 
 Commercial loans 

- 

Agriculture 
 
 - 

- 

Municipal loans 
 
 - 

- 

Total troubled debt restructurings 

As
of December 31, 2022, all of the loan modifications and short-term forbearance and repayment plans in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic
returned to contractual terms. 

New loans 

Repayments 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are generally
at variable interest rates. Standby letters of credit totaled million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 

Acquired goodwill 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The
Company performed its annual impairment test as of December 31, 2022. Based on the results of the qualitative analysis, the Company concluded
it was more likely than not that its goodwill was not impaired. 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 As of December 31, 2021 

Gross carrying amount 
 Accumulated amortization 
 Net carrying amount 
 
 Core deposit intangible assets 

Amortization
expense for the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and . The following sets forth estimated amortization expense
for core deposit intangible assets for the years ending December 31: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

FHLB 

Total 

Custodial
escrow balances maintained in connection with serviced loans were million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31 2021.
Gross service fee income related to such loans was million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and million for
the year ended December 31, 2020, and is included in fees and service charges in the consolidated statements of earnings. 

Additions 

Amortization 

Balance at end of year 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no valuation allowance related to mortgage servicing rights. 

The
fair value of mortgage servicing rights was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Fair value at
December 31, 2022 was determined using discount rate at , prepayment speeds ranging from to , depending on the stratification
of the specific mortgage servicing right, and a weighted average default rate of . Fair value at December 31, 2021 was determined
using discount rates ranging from to , prepayment speeds ranging from to , depending on the stratification of
the specific mortgage servicing right, and a weighted average default rate of . 

The
Company had a mortgage repurchase reserve of at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021, which represents the Company s
best estimate of probable losses that the Company will incur related to the repurchase of one-to-four family residential real estate
loans previously sold or to reimburse investors for credit losses incurred on loans previously sold where a breach of the contractual
representations and warranties occurred. The Company did not make any provisions to the reserve, but did charge losses of and
 against the reserve during 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company did not incur any losses charged against the reserve or make
any provisions to the reserve during 2020. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no outstanding mortgage repurchase requests. 

Office buildings and improvements 
 - years 

Furniture and equipment 
 - years 

Automobiles 
 - years 

Total premises and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation 

Total premises and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense totaled million for the year ended December 31, 2022, for the year ended December 31, 2021, and during
the year ended 2020 and was included in occupancy and equipment expense on the consolidated statements of earnings. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and 
million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and December 2021, the Company had brokered deposits. 

Money market and checking 

Savings 

Total 

million of borrowings at December
31, 2022 and borrowings at December 2021. Interest on any outstanding balance on the line of credit accrues at December 31, 2022). The Company had no letters of credit issued through the FHLB at December 31, 2022 compared to
 million at December 31, 2021 to secure municipal deposits. The Company did not have any term advances from FHLB at December 31, 2022
and 2021. 

Although
no loans are specifically pledged, the FHLB requires the Bank to maintain eligible collateral (qualifying loans and investment securities)
that has a lending value at least equal to its required collateral. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was a blanket pledge of loans
and securities totaling million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank s total borrowing
capacity with the FHLB was approximately million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank s
available borrowing capacity was million and million, respectively. The difference between the Bank s total borrowing
capacity and available borrowing capacity is related to the amount of borrowings outstanding and letters of credit issued to collateralized
public fund deposits. The available borrowing capacity with the FHLB is collateral based, and the Bank s ability to borrow is subject
to maintaining collateral that meets the eligibility requirements. The borrowing capacity is not committed and is subject to FHLB credit
requirements and policies. In addition, the Bank must maintain a restricted investment in FHLB stock to maintain access to borrowings. 

million of subordinated debentures. These debentures, which are due in and are currently redeemable,
were issued to a wholly owned grantor trust (the Trust formed to issue preferred securities representing undivided beneficial
interests in the assets of the Trust. The Trust then invested the gross proceeds of such preferred securities in the debentures. The
Trust s preferred securities and the subordinated debentures require quarterly interest payments and have variable rates, adjustable
quarterly. . The interest rate at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

In
2005, the Company issued an additional million of subordinated debentures. These debentures, which are due in and are currently
redeemable, were issued to a wholly owned grantor trust Trust II formed to issue preferred securities representing undivided
beneficial interests in the assets of Trust II. Trust II then invested the gross proceeds of such preferred securities in the debentures.
Trust II s preferred securities and the subordinated debentures require quarterly interest payments and have variable rates, adjustable
quarterly. . The interest rate at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

In
2013, the Company assumed an additional million of subordinated debentures as part of the Bank s acquisition of Citizens Bank.
These debentures, which are due in and are currently redeemable, were issued by Citizens Bank s former holding company to
a wholly owned grantor trust, First Capital (KS) Statutory Trust Trust III formed to issue preferred securities representing
undivided beneficial interests in the assets of Trust III. Trust III s preferred securities and the subordinated debentures require
quarterly interest payments and have variable rates, adjustable quarterly. . The interest
rate at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and respectively. 

While
these trusts are accounted for as unconsolidated equity investments, a portion of the trust preferred securities issued by the trusts
qualifies as Tier 1 Capital for regulatory purposes. 

million line of credit from an unrelated financial institution maturing on , with an interest rate
that adjusts daily based on the This line of credit has covenants specific to capital and other financial ratios,
which the Company was in compliance with at December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did t have an outstanding
balance on the line of credit. 

On
September 29, 2022, The Company borrowed million from an unrelated financial institution at a fixed rate of . This borrowing
matures on and requires quarterly principal and interest payments. Early principal payments are allowed and the balance
was million at December 31, 2022 after the Company made extra principal payments during 2022. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank had no borrowings through the Federal Reserve discount window, while the borrowing capacity was
 million and million, respectively. The Bank also has various other federal funds agreements, both secured and unsecured,
with correspondent banks totaling approximately million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there
were borrowings through these correspondent bank federal funds agreements. 

million at December 31, 2022, and million at December 31,
2021, which were secured by million and million of the Bank s investment portfolio at the same dates, respectively. 

Average interest rate during the year 

Maximum month-end balance during the year 

Weighted average interest rate at year-end 

As of December 31, 2022 

Overnight and Continuous 
 Up to 30 days 
 30-90 days 
 Greater than 90 days 
 Total 
 
 Repurchase agreements: 

U.S. federal treasury obligations 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

U.S. federal agency obligations 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Agency mortgage-backed securities 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

As of December 31, 2021 

Overnight and Continuous 
 Up to 30 days 
 30-90 days 
 Greater than 90 days 
 Total 
 
 Repurchase agreements: 

U.S. federal treasury obligations 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

U.S. federal agency obligations 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Agency mortgage-backed securities 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

The
investment securities are held by a third party financial institution in the customer s custodial account. The Company is required
to maintain adequate collateral for each repurchase agreement. Changes in the fair value of the investment securities impact the amount
of collateral required. If the Company were to default, the investment securities would be used to settle the repurchase agreement with
the deposit customer. 

Other 

Interchange income 

Loan servicing fees (1) 

Office lease income (1) 

Gains on sales of loans (1) 

Bank owned life insurance income (1) 

Gains (losses) on sales of investment securities (1) 

(Losses) gains on sales of premises and equipment and foreclosed assets 

Other 

Total non-interest income 

(1) 

A
description of the Company s revenue streams within the scope of ASC 606 follows: 

Service
Charges on Deposit Accounts 

The
Company earns fees from its deposit customers for transaction-based, account maintenance, and overdraft services. Transaction-based fees,
which include services such as ATM usage fees, stop payment charges, statement rendering, and ACH fees, are recognized at the time the
transaction is executed as that is the point in time the Company fulfills the customer s request. Account maintenance fees, which
relate primarily to monthly maintenance, are earned over the course of a month, representing the period during which the Company satisfies
the performance obligation. Overdraft fees are recognized at the point in time that the overdraft occurs. Service charges on deposits
are withdrawn from the customer s account balance. 

Interchange
Income 

The
Company earns interchange fees from debit cardholder transactions conducted through the interchange payment network. Interchange fees
from cardholder transactions represent a percentage of the underlying transaction value and are recognized daily, concurrently with the
transaction processing services provided to the cardholder. 

Gains
(Losses) on Sales of Real Estate Owned 

The
Company records a gain or loss from the sale of real estate owned when control of the property transfers to the buyer, which generally
occurs at the time of an executed deed. When the Company finances the sale of real estate owned to the buyer, the Company assesses whether
the buyer is committed to perform their obligations under the contract and whether collectability of the transaction price is probable.
Once these criteria are met, the real estate owned asset is derecognized and the gain or loss on sale is recorded upon the transfer of
control of the property to the buyer. In determining the gain or loss on the sale, the Company adjusts the transaction price and related
gain (loss) on sale if a significant financing component is present. There were no sales of real estate owned that were financed by the
Company during the years 2022, 2021 or 2020. 

State 

Total current 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Total deferred 

Deferred tax valuation allowance 

Income tax expense 

(Reduction) increase in income taxes resulting from: 

Tax-exempt interest income, net 

Excess tax benefit from stock option exercise 

Bank owned life insurance 

Reversal of unrecognized tax benefits, net 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

Investment tax credits 

Other, net 

Income
 tax (benefit) expense 

- 
 
 Loans, including allowance for loan losses 

State taxes 

Other, net 

Investments 

Net operating loss carry forwards 

Acquisition costs 

Net deferred loan fees 

Valuation allowance on other real estate 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred compensation arrangements 

Total deferred tax assets 

Less valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Intangible assets 

Mortgage servicing rights 

Prepaid expenses 

Premises and equipment, net of depreciation 

FHLB stock dividends 

Unrealized gain on investment securities available-for-sale 
 - 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax asset (liability) 

The
Company has Kansas corporate net operating loss carry forwards totaling million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively, which expire between 2023 and 2027. The Company has recorded a valuation allowance against the Kansas corporate net operating
loss carry forwards. A valuation allowance related to the remaining deferred tax assets has not been provided because management believes
it is more likely than not that the results of future operations will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the deferred tax
assets at December 31, 2022. 

Retained
earnings at December 31, 2022 and 2021 include approximately million for which no provision for federal income tax had been made.
This amount represents allocations of income to bad debt deductions in years prior to 1988 for tax purposes only. Reduction of amounts
allocated for purposes other than tax bad debt losses will create income for tax purposes only, which will be subject to the then current
corporate income tax rate. 

Gross increases to current year tax positions 

Gross decreases to prior year s tax positions 

Lapse of statute of limitations 

Unrecognized tax benefits at end of year 

Tax
years that remain open and subject to audit include the years 2019 through 2022 for both federal and state tax purposes. The Company
recognized and of previously unrecognized tax benefits during 2022 and 2021, respectively. The gross unrecognized tax
benefits of million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, would favorably impact the effective
tax rate by million and million, respectively, if recognized. During 2022, the Company recorded an income tax benefit of 52,000
associated with interest and penalties. During 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded and of income tax expense respectively
associated with interest and penalties. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accrued interest and penalties related to the
unrecognized tax benefits of and , respectively, which are not included in the table above. The Company believes that
it is reasonably possible that a reduction in gross unrecognized tax benefits of up to is possible during the next 12 months
as a result of the lapse of the statute of limitations. 

matching contributions from the Company of up to of their compensation. Matching contributions by the Company were ,
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Split
Dollar Life Insurance Agreement. The Company has recognized a liability for future benefits payable under an agreement that splits
the benefits of a bank owned life insurance policy between the Company and a former employee. The liability totaled at December
31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. 

Deferred
Compensation Agreements. The Company has entered into deferred compensation and other retirement agreements with certain key employees
that provide for cash payments to be made after their respective retirements. The obligations under these arrangements have been recorded
at the present value of the accrued benefits. The Company has also entered into agreements with certain directors to defer portions of
their compensation. The balance of accrued benefits under these arrangements was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively, and was included as a component of other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company recorded
income associated with the deferred compensation agreements of for the year ended December 31, 2022 and recorded expense associated
with the deferred compensation agreements of for the year ended December 31, 2021 and for the year ended December 31,
2020. The liability balance is also impacted by changes in the value of the underlying assets supporting the agreements for directors
who have not retired. 

. The stock-based compensation cost related to these awards was , and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company recognized tax benefits of , , and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

For
stock options, the exercise price may not be less than of the fair market value of the shares on the date of the grant, and no option
shall be exercisable after the expiration of ten years from the grant date. In determining compensation cost, the Black-Scholes option-pricing
model is used to estimate the fair value of options on date of grant. The Black-Scholes model is a closed-end model that uses the assumptions
outlined below. Expected volatility is based on historical volatility of the Company s stock. The Company uses historical exercise
behavior and other qualitative factors to estimate the expected term of the options, which represents the period of time that the options
granted are expected to be outstanding. The risk-free rate for the expected term is based on U.S. Treasury rates in effect at the time
of grant. 

On
May 20, 2015, our stockholders approved the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan which authorized the issuance of equity awards covering 
shares of common stock, as adjusted for subsequent stock dividends. On August 1, 2020, the Compensation Committee awarded shares
of restricted common stock, as adjusted for subsequent stock dividends. The value of the shares was based on a stock price of
 on the date such shares were granted, as adjusted for subsequent stock dividends. On August 1, 2021, the Compensation Committee
awarded shares of restricted common stock, as adjusted for subsequent stock dividends and options to acquire shares of common
stock, as adjusted for subsequent stock dividends. The restricted stock awards vest ratably over one year and the value was based on
a stock price of per share on the date such shares were granted, as adjusted for subsequent stock dividends. The options vest
ratably over four years. On August 1, 2022, the Compensation Committee awarded shares of restricted common stock, as adjusted
for subsequent stock dividends. The restricted stock awards vest ratably over one or four years and the value was based on a stock price
of per share on the date such shares were granted, as adjusted for subsequent stock dividends. 

n/a 
 
 Expected term 
 n/a 
 year 
 n/a 
 
 Expected stock price volatility 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 Dividend yield 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 

years 

Granted 
 - 
 - 

Effect of stock dividend 

Forfeited/expired 

Exercised 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

years 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

years 

Fully vested options at December 31, 2022 

years 

Cash received from options exercised 
 - 

Excess tax benefit realized from options exercised 
 - 

As
of December 31, 2022, there was of total unrecognized compensation cost related to the 66,902 outstanding unvested options that
will be recognized over the following periods: 

2024 

2025 

Total 

The
fair value of restricted stock on the vesting date was , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021
and 2020 respectively. A summary of nonvested restricted common stock activity during 2022 is presented below: 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Effect of 5 stock dividend 

Nonvested restricted common stock at December 31, 2022 

As
of December 31, 2022, there was of total unrecognized compensation cost related to the outstanding nonvested restricted
shares that will be recognized over the following periods: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total 

- 
 - 

Interest-bearing deposits at other banks 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Investment securities available-for-sale 

- 

Investment securities held-to-maturity 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Bank stocks, at cost 
 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 
 Loans, net 
 
 - 
 - 

Loans held for sale 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Mortgage servicing rights 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Accrued interest receivable 

Derivative financial instruments 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Financial liabilities: 

Non-maturity deposits 

- 
 - 

Certificates of deposit 
 
 - 
 
 - 

FHLB borrowings 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Subordinated debentures 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Other borrowings 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Accrued interest payable 
 
 - 
 
 - 

(Dollars in thousands) 

As of December 31, 2021 

Carrying 

amount 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 
 
 Financial assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

- 
 - 

Interest-bearing deposits at other banks 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Investment securities available-for-sale 

- 

Bank stocks, at cost 
 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 
 Loans, net 
 
 - 
 - 

Loans held for sale 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Mortgage servicing rights 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Accrued interest receivable 

Derivative financial instruments 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Financial liabilities: 

Non-maturity deposits 

- 
 - 

Certificates of deposit 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Subordinated debentures 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Other borrowings 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Accrued interest payable 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Transfers 

The
Company did not transfer any assets or liabilities among levels during the year ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Valuation
Methods for Instruments Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 

- 
 - 
 
 U. S. federal agency obligations 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Municipal obligations, tax exempt 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Municipal obligations, taxable 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Agency mortgage-backed securities 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Loans held for sale 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Derivative financial instruments 
 
 - 
 
 - 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 

Fair value hierarchy 

Total 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Assets: 

Available-for-sale securities 

U. S. treasury securities 

- 
 - 
 
 U. S. federal agency obligations 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Municipal obligations, tax exempt 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Municipal obligations, taxable 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Agency mortgage-backed securities 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Loans held for sale 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Derivative financial instruments 
 
 - 
 
 - 

The
Company s investment securities classified as available-for-sale include U.S. treasury securities, U.S. federal agency securities,
municipal obligations and agency mortgage-backed securities. Quoted exchange prices are available for the Company s U.S treasury
securities which are classified as Level 1. U.S. federal agency securities and agency mortgage-backed obligations are priced utilizing
industry-standard models that consider various assumptions, including time value, yield curves, volatility factors, prepayment speeds,
default rates, loss severity, current market and contractual prices for the underlying financial instruments, as well as other relevant
economic measures. Substantially all of these assumptions are observable in the marketplace, can be derived from observable data, or
are supported by observable levels at which transactions are executed in the marketplace. These measurements are classified as Level
2. Municipal securities are valued using a type of matrix, or grid, pricing in which securities are benchmarked against U.S. treasury
rates based on credit rating. These model and matrix measurements are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 

Changes
in the fair value of available-for-sale securities are included in other comprehensive income to the extent the changes are not considered
other-than-temporary impairments. Other-than-temporary impairment tests are performed on a quarterly basis and any decline in the fair
value of an individual security below its cost that is deemed to be other-than-temporary results in a write-down of that security s
cost basis. 

Mortgage
loans originated and intended for sale in the secondary market are carried at estimated fair value. The mortgage loan valuations are
based on quoted secondary market prices for similar loans and are classified as Level 2. Changes in the fair value of mortgage loans
originated and intended for sale in the secondary market and derivative financial instruments are included in gains on sales of loans. 

Contractual balance 

Gain 

The
Company s derivative financial instruments consist of interest rate lock commitments and forward commitments for the future delivery
of these mortgage loans. The fair values of these derivatives are based on quoted prices for similar loans in the secondary market. The
market prices are adjusted by a factor, based on the Company s historical data and its judgment about future economic trends, which
considers the likelihood that a commitment will ultimately result in a closed loan. These instruments are classified as Level 2. The
amounts are included in other assets or other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets and gains on sale of loans, net in the consolidated
statements of earnings. The total amount of gains and losses from changes in fair value of derivative financial instruments included
in earnings were as follows: 

Valuation
Methods for Instruments Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 

The
Company does not value its loan portfolio at fair value. Collateral-dependent impaired loans are generally carried at the lower of cost
or fair value of the collateral, less estimated selling costs. Collateral values are determined based on appraisals performed by qualified
licensed appraisers hired by the Company and then further adjusted if warranted based on relevant facts and circumstances. The appraisals
may utilize a single valuation approach or a combination of approaches including the comparable sales and income approach. Adjustments
are routinely made in the appraisal process by the appraisers to adjust for differences between the comparable sales and income data
available. Such adjustments are typically significant and result in a Level 3 classification of the inputs for determining fair value.
Impaired loans are reviewed and evaluated at least quarterly for additional impairment and adjusted accordingly, based on the same factors
identified above. The loan balance of the Company s impaired loans was million at December 31, 2022 and million at December
31, 2021, with an allocated allowance of and , at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Real
estate owned includes assets acquired through, or in lieu of, foreclosure and land previously acquired for expansion. Real estate owned
is initially recorded at the fair value of the collateral less estimated selling costs. Subsequent valuations are updated periodically
and are based upon independent appraisals, third party price opinions or internal pricing models. The appraisals may utilize a single
valuation approach or a combination of approaches including the comparable sales and income approach. Adjustments are routinely made
in the appraisal process by the appraisers to adjust for differences between the comparable sales and income data available. Such adjustments
are typically significant and result in a Level 3 classification of the inputs for determining fair value. Real estate owned is reviewed
and evaluated at least annually for additional impairment and adjusted accordingly, based on the same factors identified above. 

- 
 
 Real estate owned: 

One-to-four family residential real estate 

Commercial real estate 

As of December 31, 2021 

Impaired loans: 

Commercial loans 

billion). 

The
Basel III Rule includes a common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets minimum ratio of , a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital
to risk-weighted assets of , a minimum ratio of Total Capital to risk-weighted assets of , and a minimum Tier 1 leverage ratio
of . A capital conservation buffer, equal to of common equity Tier 1 capital, is also established above the regulatory minimum
capital requirements. The capital conservation buffer increases the common equity Tier 1 capital ratio, and Tier 1 capital and total
risk based capital ratios. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the most recent regulatory notifications categorized the Bank as well capitalized under the
regulatory framework for prompt corrective action then in effect. There are no conditions or events since that notification that management
believes have changed the institution s category. 

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 

Tier 1 Capital 

Total Risk Based Capital 

As of December 31, 2021 

Leverage 

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 

Tier 1 Capital 

Total Risk Based Capital 

(1) 
 . 

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 

Tier 1 Capital 

Total Risk Based Capital 

As of December 31, 2021 

Leverage 

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 

Tier 1 Capital 

Total Risk Based Capital 

(1) 
 . 

Interest-bearing deposits at other banks 

Investment in subsidiaries 

Other 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders equity: 

Subordinated debentures 

Other borrowings 
 
 - 
 
 Other 

Stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

Condensed
Statements of Earnings 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Dividends from Bank 

Dividends from nonbank subsidiary 

- 
 
 Interest income 

Other non-interest income 

Interest expense 

Other expense, net 

Earnings before equity in undistributed earnings 

(Decrease) increase in undistributed equity of Bank 

Increase (decrease) in undistributed equity of nonbank subsidiary 

Earnings before income taxes 

Income tax benefit 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive (loss) income 

Total comprehensive income 

Condensed
Statements of Cash Flows 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net earnings 

Decrease (increase) in undistributed equity of subsidiaries 

Other 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Net change in interest-bearing deposits at banks 
 - 

Acquisition of Freedom Bancshares, Inc. 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
 - 

Payment of dividends 

Purchase of treasury stock 
 
 - 

Issuances of outstanding debt 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Payment on outstanding debt 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash 

Cash at beginning of year 

Cash at end of year 

Dividends
paid by the Company are provided through dividends from the Bank and dividends from nonbank subsidiaries. At December 31, 2022, the Bank
could distribute dividends of up to million without regulatory approvals. The primary source of funds for the Company is dividends
from the Bank. Under the National Bank Act, a national bank may pay dividends out of its undivided profits in such amounts and at such
times as the bank s board of directors deems prudent. Without prior OCC approval, however, a national bank may not pay dividends
in any calendar year that, in the aggregate, exceed the bank s year-to-date net income plus the bank s retained net income
for the two preceding years. The payment of dividends by any financial institution is affected by the requirement to maintain adequate
capital pursuant to applicable capital adequacy guidelines and regulations, and a financial institution generally is prohibited from
paying any dividends if, following payment thereof, the institution would be undercapitalized. 

89 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

An
evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, the Company s
management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that the Company s disclosure controls
and procedures were effective. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined by Rule 13a-15(f) promulgated
under the Exchange Act). The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of
the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management
has made a comprehensive review, evaluation, and assessment of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022. In making its assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, management
used the framework established in Internal-Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission - 2013. Based on that assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control
over financial reporting was effective. 

Our
auditors are not required to formally opine on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, in accordance with
Sarbanes-Oxley because the Company is not an accelerated filer or a large accelerated filer. As a result, this annual report on Form
10-K does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. 

There
were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially
affected or were reasonably likely to materially affect the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable 

90 

PART
 III. 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors 

The
Company incorporates by reference the information called for by Item 10 of this Form 10-K from the sections entitled Proposal
1 - Election of Directors, Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports and Corporate Governance and the Board of Directors 
of the Company s Proxy Statement for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held May 24, 2023, which will be filed with the SEC
no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022 (the 2023 Proxy Statement ). 

The
executive officers of the Company, each of whom is also currently an executive officer of the Bank and all of whom serve at the discretion
of the Board of Directors, are identified below: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions
 with the Company 
 
 Held
 position since 

Michael E. Scheopner 
 
 61 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 May 2013/January 2014 

Mark A. Herpich 
 
 55 
 
 Vice President, Secretary, 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 October 2001 

The
executive officers of the Bank are identified below: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions
 with the Bank 
 
 Held position since 

Michael E. Scheopner 
 
 61 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 May 2013/January 2014 

Mark A. Herpich 
 
 55 
 
 Executive Vice President, Secretary 

and
Chief Financial Officer 
 
 October 2001 

Mark J. Oliphant 
 
 70 
 
 Executive Vice President, Market President-Central
 Region 
 
 February 2013 

ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 

The
Company incorporates by reference the information called for by Item 11 of this Form 10-K from the sections entitled Corporate
Governance and the Board of Directors, and Executive Compensation of the 2023 Proxy Statement. 

ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
Company incorporates by reference the information called for by Item 12 of this Form 10-K from the section entitled Security Ownership
of Certain Beneficial Owners of the 2023 Proxy Statement. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
following table sets forth the following information relating to the number of shares authorized for issuance under our equity compensation
plans as of December 31, 2022: 

(a) 
 the number of securities
 to be issued upon the exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights; 

(b) 
 the weighted-average exercise
 price of such outstanding options, warrants and rights; 

(c) other than
 securities to be issued upon the exercise of such outstanding options, warrants and rights, the number of securities remaining available
 for future issuance under the plans. 

91 

EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 
 
 Plan category 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans aprroved by security holders 
 144,572 (1) 
 21.87 (2) 
 144,572 (3) 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 144,572 
 21.87 
 144,572 

(1) Reflects the number
of underlying shares of our common stock assoicated with outstanding options granted under the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan, as
adjusted for stock dividends. 

 (2) Reflects the weight-average exercise price with respoect to the exercise of outstanding options included in column (a). 

 (3) Reflects the number of
shares of our common stock available for future issudance under the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan, as adjusted for stock dividends. 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
 AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
Company incorporates by reference the information called for by Item 13 of this Form 10-K from the sections entitled Proposal
1 Election of Directors, Corporate Governance and the Board of Directors and Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions of the 2023 Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT
 FEES AND SERVICES 

The
Company incorporates by reference the information called for by Item 14 of this Form 10-K from the section entitled Proposal 2
- Ratification of Crowe LLP as our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm of the 2023 Proxy Statement. 

92 

PART
 IV. 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL
 STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

ITEM
15 (a)1 and 2. Financial Statements and Schedules 

LANDMARK
BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 LIST
OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
following audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company and its subsidiaries and related notes and auditors report
are included in Part II, Item 8 of this Report: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 

Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated Statements of Earnings Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

All
schedules are omitted because they are not required or are not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements
incorporated by reference or notes thereto. 

Item
15(a)3 and (b). Exhibits 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to 
 
 Attached
 hereto 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated June 28, 2022, by and among Landmark Bancorp, Inc., LARK Investment Corporation and Freedom Bancshares, Inc. 
 
 Exhibit
 2.1 to the registrants report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 28, 2022 (SEC file no. 000-33203) 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 Exhibit
 3.1 to the registrant s transition report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2002 (SEC file no. 000-33203) 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 Exhibit
 3.2 to the registrant s report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2013 (SEC file no. 000-33203) 

3.3 
 
 Bylaws 
 
 Exhibit
 3.3 to the registrant s Form S-4 filed with the SEC on June 7, 2001 (SEC file no. 333-62466) 

4.0 
 
 Certain
 instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of the Company, none of which authorize a total amount of indebtedness
 in excess of 10 of the total assets of the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, have not been filed as exhibits.
 The Company hereby agrees to furnish a copy of any of these agreements to the Commission upon request. 

93 

4.1 
 
 Description of the Company s securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant s
 report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 12, 2020 (SEC file no. 000-33203) 

10.1 
 
 Employment Agreement effective January 1, 2014 between Michael E. Scheopner, the Company and the Bank 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Form 8-K filed
 with the SEC on December 20, 2013 (SEC file no. 000-33203) 

10.2 
 
 Employment Agreement effective November 1, 2013 between Mark A. Herpich, the Company and the Bank 
 
 Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s Form 8-K filed
 with the SEC on December 20, 2013 (SEC file no. 000-33203) 

10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement effective November 1, 2013 between Mark J. Oliphant, the Company and the Bank 
 
 Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant s Form 8-K filed
 with the SEC on December 20, 2013 (SEC file no. 000-33203) 

10.4 
 
 Form of Landmark Bancorp, Inc. Deferred Compensation Agreement 
 
 Exhibit 10.11 to the registrant s report on Form
 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2005 (SEC file no. 000-33203) 

10.5 
 
 Landmark Bancorp, Inc. 2015 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 Exhibit 10.20 to the registrant s report on Form
 10-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2016 (SEC file no. 000-33203) 

10.6 
 
 Form of Landmark Bancorp, Inc. 2015 Stock Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Award Agreement 
 
 Exhibit 4.5 to the registrant s Form S-8 filed
 with the SEC on May 16, 2016 (SEC file no. 333-211399) 

10.7 
 
 Form of Landmark Bancorp, Inc. 2015 Stock Incentive Plan Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement 
 
 Exhibit 4.6 to the registrant s Form S-8 filed
 with the SEC on May 16, 2016 (SEC file no. 333-211399) 

10.8 
 
 Form of Landmark Bancorp, Inc. 2015 Stock Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 
 Exhibit 4.7 to the registrant s Form S-8 filed
 with the SEC on May 16, 2016 (SEC file no. 333-211399) 

10.9 
 
 Business Loan Agreement, Promissory Note and Commercial Pledge Agreement, dated November 1, 2021, between Landmark Bancorp, Inc. and First National Bank of Omaha 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Form 10-Q filed
 with the SEC on November 12, 2021 (SEC file no. 000-33203) 

10.10 
 
 Change in Terms Agreement and Promissory Note, dated September 29, 2022, between Landmark Bancorp, Inc. and First National Bank of Omaha 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Form 10-Q filed
 with the SEC on November 10, 2022 (SEC file no. 000-33203) 

13.1 
 
 Letter to Stockholders and Corporate Information included in 2022 Annual Report to Stockholders 

X 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company 

X 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Crowe LLP 

X 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

X 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

X 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 
 
 101 
 
 Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
 S-T, formatted in inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; (ii) Consolidated Statements of
 Earnings for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for
 the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the twelve
 months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the twelve months ended December 31,
 2022, 2021 and 2020; and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

X 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

X 

Indicates
management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Upon
written request to the President of the Company, P.O. Box 308, Manhattan, Kansas 66505-0308, copies of the exhibits listed above are
available to stockholders of the Company by specifically identifying each exhibit desired in the request. The Company s filings
with the SEC are also available free of charge via the Internet at www.sec.gov , the Company s website at www.landmarkbancorpinc.com
 or through the investor relations link at the Bank s website at www.banklandmark.com . 

ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None 

94 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

LANDMARK BANCORP, INC. 

(Registrant) 

By: 
 /s/ Michael E. Scheopner 
 
 By: 
 /s/
 Mark A. Herpich 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Michael E. Scheopner 
 
 Mark
 A. Herpich 
 
 Date 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Vice President, Secretary, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

SIGNATURE 

TITLE 

/s/
 Michael E. Scheopner 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Michael
 E. Scheopner 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Patrick L. Alexander 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board, Director 
 
 Patrick
 L. Alexander 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Mark A. Herpich 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Vice
 President, Secretary, Treasurer and Chief 
 
 Mark
 A. Herpich 
 
 Date 
 
 Financial
 Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Richard A. Ball 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Director 
 
 Richard
 A. Ball 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Brent A. Bowman 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Director 
 
 Brent
 A. Bowman 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Sarah Hill-Nelson 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Director 
 
 Sarah
 Hill-Nelson 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Jim W. Lewis 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Director 
 
 Jim
 W. Lewis 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Sandra J. Moll 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Director 
 
 Sandra
 J. Moll 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Wayne R. Sloan 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Director 
 
 Wayne
 R. Sloan 
 
 Date 

/s/
 David H. Snapp 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Director 
 
 David
 H. Snapp 
 
 Date 

95 

<EX-13.1>
 2
 ex13-1.htm

EXHIBIT
13.1 

PRESIDENT S
LETTER TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS, CUSTOMERS AND FRIENDS 

Landmark
Bancorp, Inc. (Landmark) delivered solid results in 2022 amid a very challenging economic environment marked by high inflation, increasing
interest rates and continued labor shortages. During the year, inflation grew quickly and the Federal Reserve reacted by increasing interest
rates at a fast pace. The prime lending rate increased from 3.3 at the beginning of the year to 7.5 at year end. The average 30-year
mortgage interest rate jumped from 3.2 at the start of the year to a high of 7.2 at the end of October and has remained at high levels.
Unemployment remained low while the number of unfilled jobs remained high. These higher interest rates have significantly slowed down
housing activities and reduced our residential mortgage business. However, the overall health of the consumer remained very good and
loan demand was strong. 

Despite
this economic backdrop, Landmark was successful in finding new opportunities to assist our customers and grow our businesses. During
the year our loan portfolio experienced solid growth in both our commercial and consumer portfolios while our core deposit balances remained
steady. On October 1 st, we closed on our merger with Freedom Bancshares, Inc. (Freedom) which added loans and deposits of 114
million and 150 million respectively, providing us more liquidity and greater opportunities in the Kansas City metro area. While higher
interest rates significantly reduced our mortgage origination business this year, we were able to originate more adjustable-rate mortgages
which we kept on our balance sheet. Credit quality in our loan portfolio remained very strong during the year and loan losses were minimal.
We ended the year with solid capital and liquidity ratios. 

2022
Financial Highlights 

Net
 income totaled 9.9 million in 2022 and diluted earnings per share was 1.88. 
 
 The
 return on average assets was 0.73 , the return on average equity was 8.25 and the efficiency
 ratio was 69.4 
 
 The
 decline in net income of 8.1 million in 2022 was mainly due to lower gains on sales of loans
 which declined by 7.0 million and non-recurring acquisition costs of 3.4 million associated
 with the Freedom acquisition, offset by lower income taxes. 
 
 In
2022, while we maintained strong regulatory capital ratios including a total risked based capital ratio of 13.44 . 
 
 For
 the 22 nd consecutive year, Landmark distributed a 5 stock dividend to shareholders
 in the fourth quarter 2022. Also, cash dividends paid in 2022 totaled 0.80 per share (as
 restated for the 5 stock dividend) representing an increase of 10.3 from the amount paid
 in 2021. In January 2023, the Company s Board of Directors declared a first quarter
 cash dividend of 0.21 per share representing an increase of 5.0 . 
 
 Landmark
 has paid a quarterly cash dividend every quarter since the Company s inception in 2001. 
 
 Effective
 October 1, 2022, Landmark completed its acquisition of Freedom which added gross loans of
 113.9 million, deposits of 150.4 million, and one location in Overland Park, Kansas. 
 
 Gross
 loans at December 31, 2022 totaled 850.2 million and excluding the loans acquired from the
 Freedom acquisition, grew 10.5 during the year. 
 
 Credit
 quality remained very strong as net loan recoveries totaled 16,000 for the year and non-accrual
 loans and delinquencies both declined during the year. 

The
Freedom acquisition was a strategic opportunity for us to grow our franchise and create a strong commercial bank in Overland Park, Kansas
that provides excellent growth potential in the Kansas City metro market. The cultures of our two banks aligned closely with a common
approach to commercial banking client management and we now have more resources to compete in this large market. We are excited to have
Freedom s associates join our community banking team and look forward to continuing Freedom s commitment to its customers
and the community it serves. 

Mortgage
Banking: After record production years in 2020 and 2021 that were motivated by low interest rates and strong refinance activity,
our production volume in 2022 declined and returned mainly to financing for new home loans. One-to-four family residential real
estate loan production in 2022 totaled 217 million representing 83 new home financing, compared to loan production of 365 million
in 2021. As interest rates increased this year so did the popularity of our 7/1 adjustable-rate mortgage (ARM) product offering.
These ARM loans were underwritten to secondary market investment standards, but were retained in our loan portfolio as part of our
overall asset liability management strategies. During 2022 the balance of these loans grew by 70 million. As we enter 2023 our
residential mortgage banking business continues to be pressured by tight housing supplies across our franchise footprint and higher
interest rates, but our ARM loan product will enable us to serve our customers needing mortgage financing. 

Commercial
Banking: Our commercial banking team efforts in 2022 continued to focus on establishing long-term client relationships with a
disciplined approach to credit. We ended the year with a strong liquidity position, and we are well positioned to meet the credit
needs of our commercial customers in 2023. Total commercial loans outstanding at December 31, 2022 totaled 587 million and included
solid growth in our commercial and commercial real estate portfolios. We added commercial loans of 103 million through our Freedom
acquisition while our Paycheck Protection Program loans from prior years are mostly all paid off. We continued to realize organic
growth in our commercial banking loan portfolio across our geographic markets. 

Credit
Quality: The credit quality of our loan portfolio remains excellent as both net loan charge-offs and delinquencies remained very
low in 2022. Our credit risk discipline focuses on our loan portfolio being geographically diversified throughout our Kansas markets
and we are careful to avoid large loan concentrations among our many loan products and across the industries we serve. At year-end 2022,
commercial and industrial loans represented 20 of our total gross loans, while commercial real estate loans totaled 36 of total gross
loans. One-to-four family residential real estate, agricultural and construction and land loans represented 28 , 10 and 3 , respectively
of total gross loans. We continue to believe appropriate diversification is key to maintaining solid credit quality. 

Credit
quality metrics strengthened in 2022 as net loan recoveries totaled 16,000 compared to net charge-offs in 2021 of 500,000. The allowance
for loan losses totaled 8.8 million or 1.03 of year-end 2022 loans. Non-accrual loans declined to 3.3 million at year-end 2022 compared
to 5.2 million at year-end 2021, and 10.5 million at December 31, 2020. 

Retail
Banking: Our retail banking teammates continued to demonstrate success in solving client needs in 2022. We believe our strategy to
drive growth in lower-cost non-public-fund checking, money market and savings accounts ultimately results in increased share of
wallet from our deposit customers. We continue to invest in a platform of products and services to meet the financial needs of
our client base; with a focus on digital services and solutions that are simple, intuitive, integrated, and relevant. 

None
of the 2022 accomplishments highlighted would have been possible without the dedicated efforts of Landmark associates both on the frontline,
and behind the scenes, that make sure the administrative, audit, compliance, finance, human resource, marketing, operations, technology,
and training needs are met daily. My fellow associates at Landmark are highly talented community bankers dedicated to exceeding the expectations
or our clients and I am proud to be associated with this team. 

Recent
Regional Bank Closures: In early March 2023, two large regional banks were closed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC)
mainly due to liquidity issues, resulting from interest rate risk issues and a concentration of large amounts of uninsured corporate
deposits. The liquidity issues for these two banks seem to be unique to the way these banks operated and are not reflective of the way
we manage at Landmark. Landmark maintains strong capital and liquidity, and a conservative deposit portfolio with a majority of our deposits
being retail-based and insured by the FDIC. We spend significant time each month monitoring our interest rate and concentration risks. 

Outlook
for 2023: As we look forward to 2023, inflationary pressures persist, and it is likely that interest rates will continue to increase
at least through part of the year. Many economists call for a mild recession later this year or early in 2024 and economic uncertainty
will challenge us. Landmark will remain focused on recruiting new commercial and consumer customers in a conservative and disciplined
manner. We will remain dedicated to prudently underwriting loans and investments, monitor interest rate risk, and maintain an organizational
risk profile to prepare for unforeseen future events. As a community bank with a strong presence across the state, Landmark is committed
to investing in our businesses to meet the diverse financial needs of our families and businesses. I expect our success in organically
growing market share across the Landmark franchise to continue. 

Landmark
utilizes a community banking model in which our decision-makers live in the cities and towns they serve, supported by centralized systems
and resources enabling them to successfully meet clients needs. We will pursue acquisitive growth with this principle as a guide,
while continuing to invest in the operational and human resources to navigate the regulatory landscape. 

I
believe Landmark s capital strength and our risk management practices position us well for continued long-term growth. Our commitment
to community banking meeting the financial needs of families and businesses with service that is both personal and high-tech
 continues to build our presence across Kansas. I expect our trend of solid core earnings to continue in 2023. 

In
conclusion, I want to thank my fellow associates. They are dedicated toward exceeding the expectations of Landmark customers, and I am
proud to be associated with this team. I also want to express my thanks to our Board of Directors, whose leadership, knowledge of our
banking markets and contributions to developing Landmark s strategic plan help set the stage for continued success. 

Thank
you, also, to each of our Landmark customers and shareholders. Your support and confidence have made our team s successes possible.
It has been our pleasure to work with you and we look forward to our continued success. 

Sincerely, 

/s/
 Michael E. Scheopner 

Michael
 E. Scheopner 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

CORPORATE
INFORMATION 

DIRECTORS
OF LANDMARK BANCORP, INC. AND LANDMARK NATIONAL BANK 

Patrick
L. Alexander 

 Chairman 

 Landmark
Bancorp, Inc. and Landmark National Bank 

Michael
E. Scheopner 

 President
and Chief Executive Officer 

 Landmark
Bancorp, Inc. and Landmark National Bank 

Richard
A. Ball 

 Certified
Public Accountant 

 President 

 Ball
Consulting Group, Ltd. 

Brent
A. Bowman 

 Vice
President 

 BBN
Architects, Inc. 

Sarah
Hill-Nelson 

 President
and Chief Executive Officer 

 The
Bowersock Mills Power Company 

Jim
W. Lewis 

 Lewis
Automotive Group 

Sandra
J. Moll 

 Partner,
President and Chief Executive Officer 

 Advance
Business Solutions, LLC 

Wayne
R. Sloan 

 Chairman 

 BHS
Construction, Inc. 

David
H. Snapp 

 Attorney 

 David
H. Snapp, LC 

CORPORATE
HEADQUARTERS 

701
Poyntz Avenue 

 Manhattan,
Kansas 66502 

ANNUAL
MEETING 

The
annual meeting of stockholders will be held by virtual meeting on Wednesday, May 24, 2023 at 2:00 P.M. 

FORM
10-K 

A
copy of the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission may be obtained by stockholders without charge
on written request to Michael E. Scheopner, President and Chief Executive Officer, Landmark Bancorp, Inc., P.O. Box 308, Manhattan, Kansas
66505-0308, or by accessing our website at www.landmarkbancorpinc.com or the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . 

REGISTRAR
AND TRANSFER AGENT 

Computershare,
Inc. 

 P.O.
Box 30170 

 College
Station, TX 77842 

INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Crowe
LLP 

 750
N. St. Paul Street, Suite 850 

Dallas,
TX 75201 

</EX-13.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

EXHIBIT
21.1 

Subsidiaries
of Landmark Bancorp, Inc. 

The
most significant subsidiary of the Company is Landmark National Bank, a national banking association with its main office located in
Manhattan, Kansas, and with branch offices located in Auburn, Dodge City (2), Fort Scott (2), Garden City, Great Bend (2), Hoisington,
Iola, Junction City, Kincaid, LaCrosse, Lawrence (2), Lenexa, Louisburg, Manhattan, Mound City, Osage City, Osawatomie, Overland Park
(2), Paola, Pittsburg, Prairie Village, Topeka (2), Wamego and Wellsville, Kansas. The Company also owns Landmark Risk Management, Inc.,
which is a Nevada incorporated captive insurance company that provides property and casualty insurance coverage to the Company and the
Bank for which insurance may not be currently available or economically feasible in today s insurance marketplace. Landmark Risk
Management, Inc. pools resources with other captive insurance companies to spread a limited amount of risk among themselves. The Company
also owns all of the common securities of Landmark Capital Trust I, Landmark Capital Trust II and First Capital (KS) Statutory Trust,
each a Delaware statutory trust, formed to issue trust preferred securities in a private placement. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

EXHIBIT
23.1 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements No. 333-103091 and No. 333-211399 on Form S-8 of Landmark Bancorp,
Inc. of our report dated March 30, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

/s/ Crowe LLP 

Dallas,
Texas 

March
30, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Michael E. Scheopner, certify that: 

1. 
 I have
reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Landmark Bancorp, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 
 /s/ Michael E. Scheopner 

Michael E. Scheopner 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 EXCHANGE
ACT RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Mark A. Herpich, certify that: 

1. 
 I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Landmark Bancorp, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
 statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 all significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 
 /s/ Mark A. Herpich 

Mark
A. Herpich 

Chief
Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the annual report of Landmark Bancorp, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31,
2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael E. Scheopner, Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

/s/
 Michael E. Scheopner 

Michael
E. Scheopner 

Chief
Executive Officer 

March
30, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the annual report of Landmark Bancorp, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31,
2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mark A. Herpich, Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that, to my knowledge: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

/s/
 Mark A. Herpich 

Mark
A. Herpich 

Chief
Financial Officer 

March
30, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 lark-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 lark-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 lark-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 lark-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

