<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1651721_0000950170-23-010283.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16626586</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>316889</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2430203</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7508245</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2524264</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3510550</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-010283.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328160950
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-010283
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GENERATION INCOME PROPERTIES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001651721
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				474427295
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40771
		FILM NUMBER:		23769617

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 EAST JACKSON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3300
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33602
		BUSINESS PHONE:		813-448-1234

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 EAST JACKSON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3300
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33602

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-010283.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 gipr-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. employer identification no.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: - 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class: 
 
 Trading symbol 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market LLC 

The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million (based upon the closing sales price of the common stock on June 30, 2022 of 6.39). 
 The registrant had shares of Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share, outstanding as of March 17, 2023. 

1 
 
 GENERATION INCOME PROPERTIES, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I. 
 
 5 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 12 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 31 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 31 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 32 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 32 

PART II. 
 
 33 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 33 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 34 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 44 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 45 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 71 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 71 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 71 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 71 

PART III. 
 
 72 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 72 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 72 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 72 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 72 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 72 

PART IV. 
 
 72 

Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 72 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 77 

SIGNATURES 
 78 

2 
 
 Note Regarding Company References 
 In this Annual Report on Form 10-K Form 10-K ), references to the Company, we, us, our or similar terms refer to Generation Income Properties, Inc., a Maryland corporation, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, including Generation Income Properties, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, which we refer to as our operating partnership (the Operating Partnership ). As used in this Form 10-K, an affiliate, or person affiliated with a specified person, is a person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the person specified. 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements and Summary Risk Factors 
 This Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained herein. When used in this report, the words anticipate, believe, estimate, expect and similar expressions as they relate to the Company or its management are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from the results expressed in, or implied by these forward-looking statements. Readers should be aware of important factors that, in some cases, have affected, and in the future could affect, actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Company. Factors that could have a material adverse effect on our forward-looking statements and upon our business, results of operations, financial condition, funds derived from operations, cash available for distribution, cash flows, liquidity and prospects include, but are not limited to, the factors under the heading Risk Factors in this Form 10-K and the following: 
 Our history of operating losses and ability to achieve or sustain profitability; 

The volatility and thinly-traded market for our common stock; 

Our ability to make distributions and dependence on distributions from the Operating Partnership to pay expenses; 

The limited number of properties in our portfolio; 

The dependence of most of our current and future properties upon a single tenant for all or a majority of their rental income, and our financial condition and ability to make distributions may be adversely affected by the bankruptcy or insolvency, a downturn in the business, or a lease termination of a single tenant; 

Defaults or nonrenewals by tenants; 

Financing risks and the availability, terms, and deployment of capital, as well as the general level of interest rates; 

Global market and economic conditions, including as a result of health crises; 

Competition with third parties in acquiring properties; 

Maintaining status as a REIT for federal income taxes; and 

Potential changes in the law or governmental regulations that affect us. 

The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law. 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report. You should carefully consider these risks and uncertainties when investing in our common stock. The principal risks and uncertainties affecting our business include the following: 
 We have not generated any profit to date and have incurred losses since inception. 

The stock price of our common stock may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance. 

We depend on distributions from the Operating Partnership to pay expenses. 

We have limited operating history and may not be able to successfully operate our business or generate sufficient operating cash flows to make or sustain distributions to our stockholders. 

We currently only own twelve leased properties and one leased property in a tenancy-in-common owning 50 . 

Many of our future properties will likely depend upon a single tenant for all or a majority of their rental income, and our financial condition and ability to make distributions may be adversely affected by the bankruptcy or insolvency, a downturn in the business, or a lease termination of a single tenant. For example, the tenant for one of our Norfolk, Virginia properties did not renew its lease that terminated in January 31, 2023, and if we do not timely find a replacement tenant, it may materially adversely impact our business. 

3 
 
 If we cannot obtain additional capital, our ability to make acquisitions and lease properties will be limited. We are subject to risks associated with debt and capital stock issuances, and such issuances may have adverse consequences to holders of shares of our common stock. 

Global market and economic conditions, including as a result of health crises may materially and adversely affect us and our tenants. 

We may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic changes in the specific geographic areas where our investments are concentrated. 

Competition with third parties in acquiring properties and other investments may reduce our profitability and the return on your investment. 

Our properties may face competition that could reduce the amount of rent paid to us, which would reduce the cash available for distributions and the amount of distributions. 

The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law. 
 
 Note Regarding Market and Industry Data 
 In this Form10-K, we present certain market and industry data and statistics. This information is based on third-party sources, which we believe to be reliable. We have not independently verified data from these sources and cannot guarantee their accuracy or completeness. While we are not aware of any misstatements regarding industry data provided herein, our estimates involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based upon various factors, including those discussed in this Annual Report under Forward-Looking Statements and Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. Additionally, some data in this Annual Report is based on our good faith estimates, which are derived from management s knowledge of the industry and independent sources. Similarly, we believe our internal research is reliable, however, such research has not been verified by any independent sources. 

4 
 
 PART I. 
 ITEM 1. B USINESS 
 Our Company 
 We are an internally managed real estate investment trust focused on acquiring and managing income-producing retail, office and industrial properties net leased to high quality tenants in major markets throughout the United States. We believe our focus on owning properties leased to investment grade or creditworthy tenants provide attractive risk adjusted returns through current yields, long term appreciation and tenant renewals. 
 We believe that single-tenant commercial properties, as compared with shopping centers, malls, and other traditional multi-tenant properties, offer a distinct investment advantage since single-tenant properties generally require less management and operating capital and generally have less recurring tenant turnover. 
 Given the stability and predictability of the cash flows, many net leased properties are held in family trusts, providing us an opportunity to acquire these properties for tax deferred units while giving the owners potential liquidity through the conversion of the units for freely tradable shares of stock. 
 We make regular cash distributions to our stockholders out of our cash available for distribution, typically on a monthly basis. Generally, our policy will be to pay distributions from cash flow from operations. However, our distributions may be paid from sources other than cash flows from operations, such as from the proceeds from a capital raise, borrowings or distributions in kind. 
 We have been organized as a Maryland corporation and have operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under U.S. federal income tax laws since the beginning of our taxable year ended December 31, 2021. The Company formed a Maryland entity GIP TRS Inc. in 2022 to operate as a taxable REIT subsidiary but this subsidiary does not hold any assets or business operations as of the date of this Form 10-K. 
 We and our Operating Partnership were organized to operate using an Umbrella Partnership Real Estate Investment Trust UPREIT structure. We use an UPREIT structure because a sale of property directly to another person or entity generally is a taxable transaction to the selling property owner. In an UPREIT structure, a seller of a property that desires to defer taxable gain on the sale of its property may transfer the property to the Operating Partnership in exchange for common units in the Operating Partnership and defer taxation of gain until the seller later disposes of its common units in the Operating Partnership. Using an UPREIT structure may give us an advantage in acquiring desired properties from persons who may not otherwise sell their properties because of unfavorable tax results. Substantially all of the Company s assets are held by, and operations are conducted through, the Operating Partnership or its direct or indirect subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2022, as the general partner of the Operating Partnership, we owned 86.6 of the outstanding common units in the Operating Partnership and outside investors owned 13.4 . The Company formed a Maryland entity GIP REIT OP Limited LLC as a wholly owned subsidiary in 2018 that owned 0.002 of the Operating Partnership as of December 31, 2022. 
 The following chart shows the structure of the Company as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 5 

(1)	Brown Family Enterprises, LLC, owns a redeemable limited liability company interest in GIPNC 201 Etheridge Road, LLC. (2)	Stephen Brown and Richard Hornstrom each own a redeemable limited liability company interest in GIPFL 702 Tillman Place LLC. (3)	Richard Hornstrom owns a redeemable limited liability company interest in GIPIL 525 S Perryville Rd, LLC. 
 Business Objectives and Investment Strategy 
 We intend to continue to acquire and manage a diversified portfolio of high quality net leased properties that generates predictable cash flows and capital appreciation over market cycles. Our properties are generally net leased to a single tenant. Under a net lease, the tenant typically bears the responsibility for most or all property related expenses such as real estate taxes, insurance, and maintenance costs. We believe this lease structure provides us with stable cash flows over the term of the lease and minimizes the ongoing capital expenditures. We seek to identify properties in submarkets with high barriers to entry for development and where valuation is frequently influenced by local real estate market conditions and tenant needs. 
 Focus on Real Estate Fundamentals: We have observed that the market for properties with bond type net leased structures, lease terms greater than ten years, and limited rent escalators upon renewal are exposed to many of the same operational and market risks as other net leased properties while providing lower returns due to competition. We believe that focusing on traditional real estate fundamentals allows us to target properties with shorter lease terms, modified net leases or vacancy and thereby may allow us to generate superior returns. 
 Target Markets with Attractive Characteristics: We concentrate our investment activity in select target markets with the following characteristics: high quality infrastructure, diversified local economies with multiple economic drivers, strong demographics, pro-business local governments and high quality local labor pools. We believe that these markets offer a higher probability of producing long term rent growth and capital appreciation. 
 Target Strategic Net Leased Properties: We target properties that offer unique strategic advantages to a tenant or an industry and can therefore be acquired at attractive yields relative to the underlying risk. We look for properties that are difficult or costly to replicate due to a specific location, special zoning, unique physical attributes, below market rents or a significant tenant investment in the facility, all of which contribute to a higher probability of tenant renewals. Examples of specialized properties include our Pratt Whitney manufacturing facility located in Huntsville, Alabama whose specialized equipment is unique to such a facility and the General Services Administration occupied building in Norfolk, Virginia due to the tenant s buildout for IT and security. We target properties if we believe they are critical to the ongoing operations of the tenant and the profitability of its business. We believe that the profitability of the operations and the difficulty in replicating or moving operations reflect the importance of the property to the tenant s business. 
 
 6 
 
 Target Investments that Maximize Growth Potential: We focus on net leased investment properties where, in our view, there is the potential to invest incremental capital to accommodate a tenant s business, extend lease terms and increase the value of a property. We believe these opportunities can generate attractive returns due to the nature of our relationship with the tenant. 
 Disciplined Underwriting Risk Management 
 We actively manage and regularly review each of our properties for changes in the underlying business, credit of the tenant and market conditions. Before acquiring a property, we review the terms of the management contract to ensure our team is able to maximize cash flow capital appreciation through potential lease renewals and/or potential re-tenanting. Additionally, we monitor any required capital improvements that would lead to increased rental income or capital appreciation over time. We focus on active management with the tenants upon the acquisition of an asset since our experience in the single-tenant, commercial real estate industry indicates that active management and fostering tenant relationships has the potential to positively impact long-term financial outcomes, such as: 
 better communication with corporate level and unit level staff to determine ongoing company and location-specific performance, strategic goals and directives; 

the ability to hold a tenant accountable for property maintenance during occupancy in order to reduce the probability of future deferred maintenance expenses; and 

the ability to develop relationships with tenants as an active participant in their occupancy which can lead to better communication during times of potential negotiations. 

Underwriting Process 
 Our extensive underwriting process evaluates key fundamental value drivers that we believe will attract long-term tenants and result in property appreciation over time. Our Investment Committee is comprised of the following members: 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer CEO ), David Sobelman, who has over 19 years in different capacities within the net lease commercial real estate investment market including as investor, asset manager, broker, owner, analyst, and advisor. 

Chief Financial Officer CFO ), Allison Davies, who has over 15 years in various capacities within the commercial real estate investment market. 

Emily Hewland, Director of Capital Markets, who has been with the Company since inception and she has built out our acquisitions process to effectively underwrite assets thoroughly to find value in the market for investors and the portfolio alike. 

Acquisitions Manager, Robert Rorhlack, who sources new acquisition opportunities that adhere to our investment criteria, and who has previously specialized in Tenant Representation. 

This comprehensive pre-ownership analysis helps us to assess location level performance, including the possible longevity of tenant occupancy throughout the primary lease term and option periods. Additionally, each acquisition pursuit requires approval from all four members of the Investment Committee. 
 We assess target markets and properties using an extensive underwriting and evaluation process, including: 
 offering materials review; 

property and tenant lease information; 

in depth conversations with offering agent, local brokers and property management companies; 

thorough credit underwriting of the tenant; 

review of tenant s historical performance in the specific market and their nationwide trend to determine potential longevity of the asset and tenant s business model; 

market real estate dynamics, including macroeconomic market data and market rents for potential rental rate changes after initial lease term; 

evaluation of business trends for local real estate demand specifics and competing business locations; 

review of asset level financial performance; 

pre-acquisition discussions with the asset manager to confirm property specific reserve amounts and potential future capital expenditures; 

7 
 
 review of property s physical condition and related systems; and 

financial modeling to determine our preliminary baseline pricing. 

Specific acquisition criteria may include, but is not limited to, the following: 

premier locations and facilities with multiple alternative uses; 

sustainable rents specific to a tenants location that may be at or below market rents; 

investment grade or strong credit tenant; 

properties not subject to long-term management contracts with management companies; 

opportunities to expand the tenants building and/or implement value-added operational improvements; and 

population density and strong demand growth characteristics supported by favorable demographic indicators. 

Competitive Strengths 
 We believe that the following factors benefit the Company as we implement our business strategy: 
 Focused Property Investment Strategy . We have invested and intend to invest primarily in assets that are geographically located in prime markets throughout the United States, with an emphasis on the major primary and coastal markets, where we believe there are greater barriers to entry for the development of new net lease properties. 

Experienced Board of Directors . We believe that we have a seasoned and experienced board of directors that will help us achieve our investment objectives. In combination, our directors have approximately 140 years of experience in the real estate industry. 

Real Estate Industry Leadership and Networking . We are led by our Chairman, President and CEO, David Sobelman. He founded the Company after serving in different capacities within the net lease commercial real estate market. Mr. Sobelman started his real estate career in 2003 as a real estate analyst and ultimately emerged into a Managing Partner of a solely-focused, triple net lease commercial real estate firm. He has procured or overseen numerous transactions that ranged from small, private investments to portfolio transactions with individual aggregate values of approximately 69 million. Additionally, Mr. Sobelman considers himself a pioneer in implementing hands-on management of net leased properties in order to potentially maintain or increase the value of any one asset. He has overseen or actively participated in single tenant real estate management since 2010. 

Established and Developing Relationships with Real Estate Financing Sources . We believe our existing relationships with institutional sources of debt financing could provide us with more attractive and competitive debt financing options as we grow our property portfolio and provide us the opportunity to refinance our existing indebtedness. 

Existing Acquisition Pipeline. We believe our extensive network of long standing relationships will continue to provide us with access to a pipeline of acquisition opportunities that will enable us to identify and capitalize on what we believe are attractive acquisition opportunities for our leasing efforts. 

Growth-Oriented, Flexible and Conservative Capital Structure . We believe our capital structure will provide us with an advantage over many of our private and public competitors. We have no legacy balance sheet issues and limited near-term maturities, which will allow management to focus on business and growth strategies rather than balance sheet repair. 

Financing Strategies 
 Our long-term goal is to maintain a lower-leveraged capital structure and lower outstanding principal amount of our consolidated indebtedness. Over time, we intend to reduce our debt positions through financing our long-term growth with equity issuances and some debt financing having staggered maturities. Our debt may include mortgage debt secured by our properties and unsecured debt. Over a long-term period, we intend to maintain lower levels of debt encumbering the Company, its assets and/or the portfolio as compared to our current leverage. 
 Our Current Portfolio as of December 31, 2022 
 The following are characteristics of our properties as of December 31, 2022: 
 Creditworthy Tenants . Approximately 64 of our portfolio s annualized rent as of December 31, 2022 was derived from tenants that have (or whose parent company has) an investment grade credit rating from a recognized credit rating agency of 

8 
 
 BBB- or better. Our largest tenants are the General Service Administration, PRA Holdings, Inc., Pratt Whitney Automation, Inc., and Kohl's Corporation and contributed approximately 62 of our portfolio s annualized base rent as of December 31, 2022. 

100 Occupied . Our portfolio is 100 leased and occupied. 

Contractual Rent Growth . 93 of the leases in our current portfolio (based on annualized base rent as of December 31, 2022) provide for increases in contractual base rent during future years of the current term or during the lease extension periods. 

Average Effective Annual Rental per Square Foot . Average effective annual rental per square foot is 16.07. 

Given the nature of our leases, our tenants either pay the real estate taxes or insurance directly or reimburse us for such costs. We believe all of our properties are adequately covered by insurance however maintain coverage in the event the coverage isn't sufficient. 
 The table below presents an overview of the properties in our portfolio as of December 31, 2022: 

Property Type 
 Location 
 Rentable Square Feet 
 
 Tenant 
 S P Credit Rating (1) 
 Remaining Term (Yrs) 
 
 Options (Number x Yrs) 
 Contractual Rent Escalations (7) 
 ABR (2) 
 
 ABR per Sq. Ft. 

Retail 
 Washington, D.C 
 
 3,000 
 
 7-Eleven Corporation 
 A 
 
 3.2 
 
 2 x 5 
 Yes 
 
 129,804 

43.27 

Retail 
 Tampa, FL 
 
 2,200 
 
 Starbucks Corporation 
 BBB+ 
 
 5.2 
 
 4 x 5 
 Yes 
 
 182,500 

82.95 

Industrial 
 Huntsville, AL 
 
 59,091 
 
 Pratt Whitney Automation, Inc. (6) 
 A- 
 
 6.1 
 
 2 x 5 
 Yes 
 
 684,996 

11.59 

Office 
 Norfolk, VA 
 
 49,902 
 
 General Services Administration-Navy 
 AA+ 
 
 5.7 
 
 N/A 
 Yes 
 
 926,923 

18.57 

Office 
 Norfolk, VA 
 
 22,247 
 
 Maersk Shipping (5) 
 BBB+ 
 
 0.1 
 
 1 x 5 
 N/A 
 
 375,588 

16.88 

Office 
 Norfolk, VA 
 
 34,847 
 
 PRA Holdings, Inc. (3) 
 BB+ 
 
 4.7 
 
 1 x 5 
 Yes 
 
 765,136 

21.96 

Retail 
 Tampa, FL 
 
 3,500 
 
 Sherwin Williams Company 
 BBB 
 
 5.6 
 
 5 x 5 
 Yes 
 
 126,788 

36.23 

Office 
 Manteo, NC 
 
 7,543 
 
 General Services Administration-FBI 
 AA+ 
 
 6.1 
 
 1 x 5 
 Yes 
 
 161,346 

21.39 

Office 
 Plant City, FL 
 
 7,826 
 
 Irby Construction 
 BBB- 
 
 2.0 
 
 2 x 5 
 Yes 
 
 160,437 

20.50 

Retail 
 Grand Junction, CO 
 
 30,701 
 
 Best Buy Co., Inc. 
 BBB+ 
 
 4.2 
 
 1 x 5 
 Yes 
 
 353,061 

11.50 

Medical-Retail 
 Chicago, IL 
 
 10,947 
 
 Fresenius Medical Care Holdings, Inc. 
 BBB- 
 
 3.8 
 
 2 x 5 
 Yes 
 
 228,902 

20.91 

Retail 
 Tampa, FL 
 
 2,642 
 
 Starbucks Corporation 
 BBB+ 
 
 4.2 
 
 2 x 5 
 Yes 
 
 148,216 

56.10 

Retail 
 Tucson, AZ 
 
 88,408 
 
 Kohl's Corporation 
 BB+ 
 
 7.1 
 
 7 x 5 
 Yes 
 
 823,962 

9.32 

Tenants - Consolidated Properties 

322,854 

5,067,659 

15.70 

Retail (4) 
 Rockford, IL 
 
 15,288 
 
 La-Z-Boy Inc. 
 Not Rated 
 
 4.8 
 
 4 x 5 
 Yes 
 
 366,600 

23.98 

Tenants - All Properties 

338,142 

5,434,259 

16.07 

(1) Tenant, or tenant parent, rated entity. 

(2) Annualized cash base rental income in place as of December 31, 2022. Our leases do not include tenant concessions or abatements. 

(3) Tenant has the right to terminate the lease on August 31, 2024 subject to certain conditions. 

(4) The Company s pro-rata share is 50 of the tenancy-in-common investment. 

(5) Tenant did not exercise the renewal option as of the required exercise date of April 1, 2022 and vacated on January 31, 2023. 

(6) Tenant has the right to terminate the lease on January 31, 2024 subject to certain conditions. 

(7) Includes rent escalations available from lease renewal options 

Acquisition Pipeline 
 
 We are continually engaging in internal research as well as informal discussions with various parties regarding our potential interest in potential acquisitions that fall within our target market. There is no assurance that any currently available properties in our acquisition pipeline will remain available, or that we will pursue or complete potential acquisitions, at prices acceptable to us or at all. 
 
 On February 10, 2023, the Operating Partnership entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement with Harbor Terrace Limited Partnership to acquire an approximately 48,000 square foot single-tenant retail building in Overland Park, KS for total consideration of 8,200,000, which is expected to be funded with approximately 50 mortgage debt and 50 equity. The building is occupied by Best Buy, Inc., who holds an investment grade credit rating of BBB+ on the S P scale, and has approximately two years remaining on the current lease term, with one additional five year renewal option. The annual rent for the property is 630,994. The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and due diligence. 
 
 9 

Property and Asset Management Agreements 
 
 We manage our properties in-house, except for our Norfolk, Virginia properties and our Manteo, North Carolina property. 
 
 We previously engaged Colliers International Asset Services to provide property management services to our two properties in Norfolk, Virginia. The agreements provided for us to pay Colliers International Asset Services a management fee equal to 2.5 of the gross collected rent of each of the two properties (inclusive of tenant expense reimbursements) as well as a construction supervision fee for any approved construction. On May 31, 2022, the Company terminated the agreement with Colliers International Asset Services effective June 30, 2022. The Company has since engaged Bevara Building Services for facility management and property management services for the two Norfolk, Virginia properties effective June 15, 2022. The agreements provide for us to pay Bevara Building Services a management fee equal to approximately 54,000 per year as well as a construction supervision fee for any approved construction. 
 
 On November 8, 2022, the Company engaged Commonwealth Commercial Partners, LLC to provide facilities management services to our property in Manteo, North Carolina. The agreement provides for us to pay Commonwealth Commercial Partners, LLC a management fee equal to 745 on a monthly basis. 
 
 Distributions 
 From inception through December 31, 2022, we have distributed 2,655,755 to common stockholders. In addition, on January 3, 2023, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized a distribution of 0.039 per share monthly cash distribution for shareholders of record of our common stock as of January 15, 2023, February 15, 2023 and March 15, 2023. January and February distributions were paid on January 30, 2023 and February 28, 2023 respectively, and we expect to pay March dividends on or about March 30, 2023. Because we have not yet generated a cumulative profit, distributions have been made from proceeds from prior capital raises. 
 
 Competition 
 The net lease industry is highly competitive. We compete to acquire properties with other investors, including traded and non-traded public REITs, private equity investors and institutional investment funds, many of which have greater financial resources than we do, a greater ability to borrow funds to acquire properties and the ability to accept more risk than we can prudently manage. This competition increases the demand for the types of properties in which we wish to invest and, therefore, reduces the number of suitable acquisition opportunities available to us and increases the prices paid for such acquisition. This competition will increase if investments in real estate become more attractive relative to other forms of investment. 
 As a landlord, we compete for tenants in the multi-billion dollar commercial real estate market with numerous developers and owners of properties, many of which own properties similar to ours in the same markets in which our properties are located. Many of our competitors have greater economies of scale, access to more resources and greater name recognition than we do. If our competitors offer space at rental rates below current market rates or below the rental rates we charge our tenants, we may lose our tenants or prospective tenants and we may be pressured to reduce our rental rates or to offer substantial rent abatements, tenant improvement allowances, early termination rights or below-market renewal options in order to retain tenants when our leases expire. 
 
 Human Capital 
 As of December 31, 2022 we had six full-time employees. We plan to use outside consultants, attorneys, and accountants, as necessary. We endeavor to maintain workplaces that are free from discrimination or harassment on the basis of color, race, sex, national origin, ethnicity, religion, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identification or expression or any other status protected by applicable law. The basis for recruitment, hiring, development, training, compensation and advancement is a person s qualifications, performance, skills and experience. Our employees are fairly compensated, without regard to gender, race and ethnicity, and routinely recognized for outstanding performance. 
 Environmental Matters 
 To control costs, we limit our investments to properties that are environmentally compliant or that do not require extensive remediation upon acquisition. To do this, we conduct assessments of properties before we decide to acquire them. These assessments, however, may not reveal all environmental hazards. In certain instances we rely upon the experience of our management and n most cases we will request, but will not always obtain, a representation from the seller that, to its knowledge, the property is not contaminated with hazardous materials. Additionally, we seek to ensure that many of our leases contain clauses that require a tenant to reimburse and indemnify us for any environmental contamination occurring at the property. We do not intend to purchase any properties that have known environmental deficiencies that cannot be remediated. 
 
 10 
 
 Federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations regulate, and impose liability for, releases of hazardous or toxic substances into the environment. Under these laws and regulations, a current or previous owner, operator or tenant of real estate may be required to investigate and clean up hazardous or toxic substances, hazardous wastes or petroleum product releases or threats of releases at the property, and may be held liable to a government entity or to third parties for property damage and for investigation, cleanup and monitoring costs incurred by those parties in connection with the actual or threatened contamination. These laws typically impose cleanup responsibility and liability without regard to fault, or whether or not the owner, operator or tenant knew of or caused the presence of the contamination. The liability under these laws may be joint and several for the full amount of the investigation, cleanup and monitoring costs incurred or to be incurred or actions to be undertaken, although a party held jointly and severally liable may seek to obtain contributions from other identified, solvent, responsible parties of their fair share toward these costs. In addition, under the environmental laws, courts and government agencies have the authority to require that a person or company who sent waste to a waste disposal facility, such as a landfill or an incinerator, must pay for the cleanup of that facility if it becomes contaminated and threatens human health or the environment. Any of these cleanup costs may be substantial, and can exceed the value of the property. The presence of contamination, or the failure to properly remediate contamination, on a property may adversely affect the ability of the owner, operator or tenant to sell or rent that property or to borrow using the property as collateral, and may adversely impact our investment in that property. 
 Furthermore, various court decisions have established that third parties may recover damages for injury caused by property contamination. For instance, a person exposed to asbestos while occupying a net lease may seek to recover damages if he or she suffers injury from the asbestos. Lastly, some of these environmental laws restrict the use of a property or place conditions on various activities. An example would be laws that require a business using chemicals (such as swimming pool chemicals at a net lease property) to manage them carefully and to notify local officials that the chemicals are being used. 
 We could be responsible for any of the costs discussed above. The costs to clean up a contaminated property, to defend against a claim, or to comply with environmental laws could be material and could adversely affect the funds available for distribution to our shareholders. Prior to any acquisition of property, we will seek to obtain environmental site assessments to identify any environmental concerns at the property. However, these environmental site assessments may not reveal all environmental costs that might have a harmed our business, assets, results of operations or liquidity and may not identify all potential environmental liabilities. 
 As a result, we may become subject to material environmental liabilities of which we are unaware. We can make no assurances that (1) future laws or regulations will not impose material environmental liabilities on us, or (2) the environmental condition of our net lease properties will not be affected by the condition of the properties in the vicinity of our net lease properties (such as the presence of leaking underground storage tanks) or by third parties unrelated to us. 
 
 Insurance 
 We require our tenant, up to the limits stated in our leases, to maintain liability and property insurance coverage for the properties they lease from us pursuant to net leases. Pursuant to the leases, our tenants may be required to name us (and any of our lenders that have a mortgage on the property leased by the tenant) as additional insureds on their liability policies and additional named insured and/or loss payee (or mortgagee, in the case of our lenders) on their property policies. All tenants are required to maintain casualty coverage. Depending on the location of the property, losses of a catastrophic nature, such as those caused by earthquakes and floods, may be covered by insurance policies that are held by our tenants with limitations such as large deductibles or co-payments that a tenant may not be able to meet. In addition, losses of a catastrophic nature, such as those caused by wind/hail, hurricanes, terrorism or acts of war, may be uninsurable or not economically insurable. In the event there is damage to any of our properties that is not covered by insurance and such properties are subject to recourse indebtedness, we will continue to be liable for any indebtedness, even if these properties are irreparably damaged. In addition to being a named insured on our tenants liability policies, we intend to separately maintain commercial general liability coverage with an aggregate limit of 2,000,000. We also intend to maintain full property coverage on all untenanted properties and any other property coverage required by any of our lenders that is not required to be carried by our tenants under our leases. 
 Available Information 
 The Company s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Such reports and other information filed by the Company with the SEC are available free of charge on the SEC s website, www.sec.gov. The Company periodically provides other information for investors on its corporate website, www.gipreit.com, and its investor relations website, ir.gipreit.com. This includes press releases and other information about financial performance, information on environmental, social and corporate governance and details related to the Company s annual meeting of shareholders. The information contained on the websites referenced in this Form 10-K is not incorporated by reference into this filing. Further, the Company s references to website URLs are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 
 11 
 
 ITEM 1A. RI SK FACTORS 
 The Company s business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition, as well as the price of the Company s stock, can be affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown, including those described below. When any one or more of these risks materialize from time to time, the Company s business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition, as well as the price of the Company s stock, can be materially and adversely affected. 
 Because of the following factors, as well as other factors affecting the Company s results of operations and financial condition, past financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods. This discussion of risk factors contains forward-looking statements. 
 This section should be read in conjunction with Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Form 10-K. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Properties 
 
 We have limited operating history and may not be able to successfully operate our business or generate sufficient operating cash flows to make or sustain distributions to our stockholders. 
 We were organized in September 2015 for the purpose of acquiring and investing in freestanding, single-tenant commercial properties net leased to investment grade tenants. We commenced operations as soon as we were able to raise sufficient funds to acquire our first suitable property. However, our ability to make or sustain distributions to our stockholders will depend on many factors, including our ability to identify attractive acquisition opportunities that satisfy our investment strategy, our success in consummating acquisitions on favorable terms, the level and volatility of interest rates, readily accessible short-term and long-term financing on favorable terms, and conditions in the financial markets, the real estate market and the economy. We will face competition in acquiring attractive net lease properties. The value of the net lease properties that we acquire may decline substantially after we purchase them. We may not be able to successfully operate our business or implement our operating policies and investment strategy successfully. Furthermore, we may not be able to generate sufficient operating cash flow to pay our operating expenses and make distributions to our stockholders. 
 As an early-stage company, we are subject to the risks of any early stage business enterprise, including risks that we will be unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, create effective operating and financial controls and systems or effectively manage our anticipated growth, any of which could have a harmful effect on our business and our operating results. 
 We currently own only twelve leased properties. 
 As of March 17, 2023, we own twelve properties excluding our tenancy-in-common investment. We need to raise funds to acquire additional properties to lease in order to grow and generate additional revenue. Because we only own twelve properties, the loss of any one tenant (or financial difficulties experienced by one of our tenants) could have a material adverse impact on our business and operations. 
 Many of our current and future properties depend upon a single tenant for all or a majority of the rental income, and our financial condition and ability to make distributions may be adversely affected by the bankruptcy or insolvency, a downturn in the business, or a lease termination of a single tenant. 
 Current and future properties are occupied by only one tenant or derive a majority of their rental income from one tenant and, therefore, the success of those properties is materially dependent on the financial stability of such tenants. Lease payment defaults by tenants could cause us to reduce the amount of distributions we pay. A default of a tenant on its lease payments to us would cause us to lose the revenue from the property and force us to find an alternative source of revenue to meet any mortgage payment and prevent a foreclosure if the property is subject to a mortgage. In the event of a default, we may experience delays in enforcing our rights as landlord and may incur substantial costs in protecting our investment and re-letting the property. If a lease is terminated, there is no assurance that we will be able to lease the property for the rent previously received or sell the property without incurring a loss. A default by a tenant, the failure of a guarantor to fulfill its obligations or other premature termination of a lease, or a tenant s election not to extend a lease upon its expiration, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and our ability to pay distributions. For example, the tenant for one of our Norfolk, Virginia properties did not renew its lease that terminated on January 31, 2023, and if we do not timely find a replacement tenant, it may materially adversely impact our business. 
 We have experienced losses in the past, and we will likely experience similar losses in the near future. 
 From inception of the Company through December 31, 2022, we had a cumulative net loss of approximately 8.6 million. Our losses can be attributed, in part, to the initial start-up costs and high corporate general and administrative expenses as a public company relative to the size of our portfolio. In addition, acquisition costs and depreciation and amortization expenses substantially reduced our income. As we continue to acquire properties, we anticipate we will achieve scale to reduce these expenses; however, we cannot assure you that, in the future, we will be profitable or that we will realize growth in the value of our assets. 
 
 12 
 
 We may change our investment objectives without seeking stockholder approval. 
 We may change our investment objectives without stockholder notice or consent. Although our Board has fiduciary duties to our stockholders and intends only to change our investment objectives when our Board determines that a change is in the best interests of our stockholders, a change in our investment objectives could reduce our payment of cash distributions to our stockholders or cause a decline in the value of our investments. 
 We may not be successful in identifying and consummating suitable investment opportunities. 
 Our investment strategy requires us to identify suitable investment opportunities compatible with our investment criteria. We may not be successful in identifying suitable opportunities that meet our criteria or in consummating investments, including those identified as part of our investment pipeline, on satisfactory terms or at all. Our ability to make investments on favorable terms may be constrained by several factors including, but not limited to, competition from other investors with significant capital, including non-traded REITs, publicly-traded REITs and institutional investment funds, which may significantly increase investment costs; and/or the inability to finance an investment on favorable terms or at all. The failure to identify or consummate investments on satisfactory terms, or at all, may impede our growth and negatively affect our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 If we cannot obtain additional capital, our ability to make acquisitions and lease properties will be limited. We are subject to risks associated with debt and capital stock issuances, and such issuances may have adverse consequences to holders of shares of our common stock. 
 Our ability to acquire and lease properties will depend, in large part, upon our ability to raise additional capital. If we were to raise additional capital through the issuance of equity securities, we could dilute the interests of holders of shares of our common stock. Our Board may authorize the issuance of classes or series of preferred stock which may have rights that could dilute, or otherwise adversely affect, the interest of holders of shares our common stock. 
 Further, we expect to incur additional indebtedness in the future, which may include a new corporate credit facility. Such indebtedness could also have other important consequences to our creditors and holders of our common and preferred stock, including subjecting us to covenants restricting our operating flexibility, increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate requirements, requiring the use of a portion of our cash flow from operations for the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing our ability to use our cash flow to fund working capital, acquisitions, capital expenditures and general corporate requirements, and limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry. 
 We may never reach sufficient size to achieve diversity in our portfolio. 
 We are presently a comparatively small company with only thirteen properties, including our investment in tenancy-in-common property, resulting in a portfolio that lacks geographic and tenant diversity. While we intend to endeavor to grow and diversify our portfolio through additional property acquisitions, we may never reach a significant size to achieve true portfolio diversity. In addition, because we intend to focus on single-tenant properties, we may never have a diverse group of tenants renting our properties, which will hinder our ability to achieve overall diversity in our portfolio. As of March 17, 2023, 39 of our total base rent is derived from our office properties, 14 from industrial properties, 47 from retail/medical-retail properties. 
 The market for real estate investments is highly competitive. 
 Identifying attractive real estate investment opportunities, particularly in the value-added real estate arena, is difficult and involves a high degree of uncertainty. Furthermore, the historical performance of a particular property or market is not a guarantee or prediction of the property s or market s future performance. There can be no assurance that we will be able to locate suitable acquisition opportunities or achieve our investment goal and objectives. 
 Because of the recent growth in demand for real estate investments, there may be increased competition among investors to invest in the same asset classes as the Company. This competition may lead to an increase in the investment prices or otherwise less favorable investment terms. If this situation occurs with a particular investment, our return on that investment is likely to be less than the return it could have achieved if it had invested at a time of less investor competition for the investment. 
 We are required to make a number of judgments in applying accounting policies, and different estimates and assumptions in the application of these policies could result in changes to our reporting of financial condition and results of operations. 
 Various estimates are used in the preparation of our financial statements, including estimates related to asset and liability valuations (or potential impairments) and various receivables. Often these estimates require the use of market data values that may be difficult to assess, as well as estimates of future performance or receivables collectability that may be difficult to accurately predict. While we have identified those accounting policies that are considered critical and have procedures in place to facilitate the associated judgments, different assumptions in the application of these policies could result in material changes to our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 13 
 
 Because of our holding company structure, we depend on our Operating Partnership subsidiary and its subsidiaries for cash flow and we will be structurally subordinated in right of payment to the obligations of such Operating Partnership subsidiary and its subsidiaries. 
 We are a holding company with no business operations of our own. Our only significant asset is and will be the general and limited partnership interests in our Operating Partnership. We conduct, and intend to conduct, all our business operations through our Operating Partnership. Accordingly, our only source of cash to pay our obligations is distributions from our Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries of their net earnings and cash flows. We cannot assure our stockholders that our Operating Partnership or its subsidiaries will be able to, or be permitted to, make distributions to us that will enable us to make distributions to our stockholders from cash flows from operations. Each of our Operating Partnership's subsidiaries is or will be a distinct legal entity and, under certain circumstances, legal and contractual restrictions may limit our ability to obtain cash from such entities. In addition, because we are a holding company, your claims as stockholders will be structurally subordinated to all existing and future liabilities and obligations of our Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries. Therefore, in the event of our bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization, our assets and those of our Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries will be able to satisfy your claims as stockholders only after all our and our Operating Partnership's and its subsidiaries' liabilities and obligations have been paid in full. 
 We may incur losses as a result of ineffective risk management processes and strategies. 
 We seek to monitor and control our risk exposure through a risk and control framework encompassing a variety of separate but complementary financial, credit, operational, compliance and legal reporting systems, internal controls, management review processes and other mechanisms. While we employ a broad and diversified set of risk monitoring and risk mitigation techniques, those techniques and the judgments that accompany their application cannot anticipate every economic and financial outcome or the specifics and timing of such outcomes. In addition, with a limited number of employees, our ability to identify risks is limited. Thus, we may, in the course of our activities, incur losses due to these risks. 
 You will not have the opportunity to evaluate our investments before we make them. 
 Our investment policies and strategies are very broad and permit us to invest in any type of commercial real estate, including developed and undeveloped properties, entities owning these assets or other real estate assets regardless of geographic location or property type. Our CEO along with our Investment Committee has absolute discretion in implementing these policies and strategies, subject to the restrictions on investment objectives and policies set forth in our articles of incorporation. Because you cannot evaluate our investments, our securities may entail more risk than other types of investments. This additional risk may hinder your ability to achieve your own personal investment objectives related to portfolio diversification, risk-adjusted investment returns and other objectives. 
 The loss of any of our executive officers could adversely affect our ability to continue operations. 
 We only have six full-time employees and are therefore entirely dependent on the efforts of our CEO and CFO. The departure of either of these employees and our inability to find suitable replacements, or the loss of other key personnel in the future, could have a harmful effect on our business. 
 Our President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of the Board has guaranteed certain of our indebtedness, which could constitute a conflict of interest. 
 Our CEO has guaranteed promissory notes for certain of our property acquisitions. As a guarantor, Mr. Sobelman s interests with respect to the debt he is guaranteeing (and the terms of any repayment or default) may not align with the Company s interests and could result in a conflict of interest. 
 We rely on information technology networks and systems in conducting our business, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of that technology could harm our business. 
 We rely on information technology networks and systems, including the Internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of our business processes, including financial transactions and maintenance of records, which may include confidential information of tenants, lease data and information regarding our stockholders. We rely on commercially available systems, software, tools and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmitting and storing confidential information. Security breaches, including physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses, attacks by hackers and similar breaches or cyber-attacks, can create system disruptions, shutdowns or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. In addition, any breach in the data security measures employed by any third-party vendors upon which we may rely, could also result in the improper disclosure of personally identifiable information. Any failure to maintain proper function, security and availability of information systems could interrupt our operations, damage our reputation, subject us to liability claims or regulatory penalties and could materially and adversely affect us. 
 We have paid and may continue to pay distributions from offering proceeds to the extent our cash flow from operations or earnings are not sufficient to fund declared distributions. Rates of distribution to you will not necessarily be indicative of our operating results. If we make distributions from sources other than our cash flows from operations or earnings, we will have fewer funds available for the acquisition of properties and your overall return may be reduced. 
 Our organizational documents permit us to make distributions from any source, including the proceeds from an offering of our securities. To date, we have funded and expect to continue to fund distributions from the net proceeds of our offerings. We may also fund 
 
 14 
 
 distributions with borrowings and the sale of assets to the extent distributions exceed our earnings or cash flows from operations. While we intend to pay distributions from cash flow from operations, our distributions paid to date were all funded by proceeds from our securities offerings. To the extent we fund distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations, such distributions may constitute a return of capital and we will have fewer funds available for the acquisition of properties and your overall return may be reduced. Further, to the extent distributions exceed our earnings and profits, a stockholder s basis in our stock will be reduced and, to the extent distributions exceed a stockholder s basis, the stockholder will be required to recognize capital gain. 
 Our structure may result in potential conflicts of interest with limited partners in our Operating Partnership whose interests may not be aligned with those of our stockholders. 
 Our directors and officers have duties to our corporation and our stockholders under Maryland law and our charter in connection with their management of the corporation. At the same time, we, as general partner, will have fiduciary duties under Delaware law to our Operating Partnership and to the limited partners in connection with the management of our Operating Partnership. Our duties as general partner of our Operating Partnership and its partners may come into conflict with the duties of our directors and officers to our corporation and our stockholders. Under Delaware law, a general partner of a Delaware limited partnership owes its limited partners the duties of good faith and fair dealing. Other duties, including fiduciary duties, may be modified or eliminated in the partnership s partnership agreement. The partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership provides that, for so long as we own a controlling interest in our Operating Partnership, any conflict that cannot be resolved in a manner not adverse to either our stockholders or the limited partners will be resolved in favor of our stockholders. 
 Additionally, the partnership agreement expressly limits our liability by providing that we will not be liable or accountable to our Operating Partnership for losses sustained, liabilities incurred or benefits not derived if we acted in good faith. In addition, our Operating Partnership is required to indemnify us and our officers, directors, employees, agents and designees to the extent permitted by applicable law from and against any and all claims arising from operations of our Operating Partnership, unless it is established that: (1) the act or omission was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and either was committed in bad faith or was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty; (2) the indemnified party received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services; or (3) in the case of a criminal proceeding, the indemnified person had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. 
 The provisions of Delaware law that allow the fiduciary duties of a general partner to be modified by a partnership agreement have not been tested in a court of law, and we have not obtained an opinion of counsel covering the provisions set forth in the partnership agreement that purport to waive or restrict our fiduciary duties. 
 
 Pandemics or other health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, may adversely affect our tenants' financial condition, the profitability of our properties, and our access to the capital markets and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, federal, state, and local governments mandated or recommended various actions to reduce or prevent the spread of COVID-19, which altered customer behaviors and temporarily limited some of our tenants ability to operate. Although our tenants did not requested rent concessions or seek to renegotiate future rents based on changes to the economic environment during the COVID-19 pandemic, should federal, state, and local governments mandate or recommend lockdowns again in the future due to a pandemic or other similar health crises, tenants could request rent concessions or seek to renegotiate future rents. 
 
 In the event of future pandemics or similar health crises, consumers could elect to make more of their purchases online instead of in physical stores and businesses could delay executing new or renewals of leases amidst the immediate and uncertain economic impacts. These developments, coupled with potential tenant failures and a reduction in newly-formed businesses, could result in decreased demand for rental space, which could result in lower occupancy or higher levels of uncollectible lease income, as well as downward pressure on rents. Additionally, delays in construction of tenant improvements due to the impacts of constraints on supply chains and labor, resulting from government ordered lockdowns, could result in delayed rent commencement due to it taking longer for new tenants to open and operate. 
 
 Although the vast majority of our lease income is derived from contractual rent payments, the ability of certain of our tenants to meet their lease obligations could be negatively impacted by the disruptions and uncertainties of a new virus strain of COVID-19 or any future pandemic or other health crisis. Our tenants' ability to respond to these disruptions and uncertainties, including adjusting to governmental orders and changes in their customers' shopping habits and behaviors, may impact their ability to survive, and ultimately, their ability to comply with their lease obligations. Our future results of operations and overall financial performance could be uncertain should a new virus strain of COVID-19, or future pandemics or other health crises occur. 
 
 15 
 
 General Risks Related to Investments in Real Estate 
 The third party valuations of real estate investments we seek to purchase often times includes the value of a commercial lease and the loss of such a lease could result in the value of the real property declining. 
 Many of the properties that we seek to acquire include a commercial lease arrangement on the property and the corresponding purchase price for such property includes an assumption that such lease will continue. If we purchase a property with a commercial lease arrangement that terminates, the value of the investment may decline and we may be unable to sell the property for what we paid. 
 Our operating results will be affected by economic and regulatory changes that have an adverse impact on the real estate market in general, and we cannot assure you that we will be profitable or that we will realize growth in the value of our real estate properties. 
 Our operating results are subject to risks generally incident to the ownership of real estate, including: 
 adverse changes in national and local economic and market conditions, including the credit markets; 

changes in governmental laws and regulations, including with respect to taxes, real estate, and the environment, fiscal policies and zoning ordinances and the related costs of compliance with those laws and regulations, fiscal policies and ordinances; 

takings by condemnation or eminent domain; 

real estate conditions, such as an oversupply of or a reduction in demand for real estate space in the area; 

the perceptions of tenants and prospective tenants of the convenience, attractiveness and safety of our properties; 

competition from comparable properties; 

the occupancy rate of our properties; 

the ability to collect all rent from tenants on a timely basis; 

the effects of any bankruptcies or insolvencies of major tenants; 

the expense of re-leasing space; 

changes in interest rates and in the availability, cost and terms of mortgage funding; 

the impact of present or future environmental legislation and compliance with environmental laws; 

acts of war or terrorism, including the consequences of terrorist attacks; 

acts of God, including earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, health pandemics and other natural disasters, which may result in uninsured losses; 

cost of compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act; 

changes in general economic or local conditions; 

changes in supply of or demand for similar or competing properties in an area; 

the impact of permanent mortgage funds, which may render the sale of a property difficult or unattractive; and 

periods of high interest rates and tight money supply. 

If any of these or similar events occur, it may reduce our return from an affected property or investment and reduce or eliminate our ability to make distributions to stockholders. 
 If a major tenant declares bankruptcy, we may be unable to collect balances due under its leases, which would have a harmful effect on our financial condition and ability to pay distributions to you. 
 Our success will depend on the financial ability of our tenants to remain current with their leases with us. We may experience concentration in one or more tenants if the future leases we have with those tenants represent a significant percentage of our operations. As of March 17, 2023, we have four tenants, that each account for more than 10 of our annualized rent: General Services Administration, PRA Holdings, Inc., Pratt and Whitney Automation, Inc., and Kohl s Corporation. Any of our current or future tenants, or any guarantor of one of our current or future tenant s lease obligations, could be subject to a bankruptcy proceeding pursuant to Title 11 of the bankruptcy laws of the United States. Such a bankruptcy filing would bar us from attempting to collect pre-bankruptcy debts from the bankrupt tenant or its properties unless we receive an enabling order from the bankruptcy court. Post-bankruptcy debts would be paid currently. If we assume a lease, all pre-bankruptcy balances owing under it must be paid in full. If a lease is rejected by a tenant in bankruptcy, we would have a general unsecured claim for damages. This claim could be paid only in the event funds were available, and then only in the same percentage as that realized on other unsecured claims. 
 
 16 
 
 The bankruptcy of a current or future tenant or lease guarantor could delay our efforts to collect past due balances under the relevant lease, and could ultimately preclude full collection of these sums. Such an event also could cause a decrease or cessation of current rental payments, reducing our operating cash flows and the amount available for distributions to you. In the event a current or future tenant or lease guarantor declares bankruptcy, the tenant or its director may not assume our lease or its guaranty. If a given lease or guaranty is not assumed, our operating cash flows and the amounts available for distributions to you may be adversely affected. The bankruptcy of a major tenant would have a harmful effect on our ability to pay distributions to you. 
 A high concentration of our properties in a particular geographic area, or with tenants in a similar industry, magnify the effects of downturns in that geographic area or industry. 
 We plan to focus our acquisition efforts on major primary and coastal markets. As of March 17, 2023, we own twelve properties excluding the tenancy-in-common property, which are located in Alabama (1 property), Arizona (1 property), Colorado (1 property), Washington, D.C. (1 property), Florida (4 properties), Illinois (1 property), North Carolina (1 property), and Virginia (2 properties). In the event that we have a concentration of properties in any particular geographic area, any adverse situation that disproportionately affects that geographic area, such as a local economic downturn or a severe natural disaster, would have a magnified adverse effect on our portfolio. In addition, our focus on coastal properties subjects us to the risk of rising sea levels, potential flooding, increased frequency or severity of hurricanes or other natural disasters as a result of climate change and global warming, which risk is increased given our geographic concentration. Similarly, if tenants of our properties become concentrated in a certain industry or industries or in any particular tenant, any adverse effect to that industry or tenant generally would have a disproportionately adverse effect on our portfolio. 
 We own six of our properties through preferred equity partnerships, which may lead to disagreements with our partners and adversely affect our interest in the partnerships. 
 As of March 17, 2023, we own six properties (excluding our tenancy-in-common property) through preferred equity partnerships and we may enter into more in the future. Our partners, as well as any future partners, may have interests that are different from ours which may result in conflicting views as to the conduct of the business of the partnership. In the event that we have a disagreement with a partner as to the resolution of a particular issue to come before the partnership, or as to the management or conduct of the business of the partnership in general, we may not be able to resolve such disagreement in our favor and such disagreement could have a material adverse effect on our interest in the partnership. 
 In addition, investments made in partnerships or other co-ownership arrangements involve risks not otherwise present in investments we make, including the following risks: 
 that our partner in an investment could become insolvent or bankrupt; 

that our partner may at any time have economic or business interests or goals that are or that become inconsistent with our business interests or goals 

that the partner could take actions that decrease the value of an investment to us; or 

that the partner may be in a position to take action contrary to our instructions or requests or contrary to our policies or objectives. 

Any of the risks above might subject us to liabilities and thus reduce our returns on our investment with that partner. 
 If a sale-leaseback transaction is re-characterized in a tenant s bankruptcy proceeding, our financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 We may enter into sale-leaseback transactions, whereby we would purchase a property and then lease the same property back to the person from whom we purchased it. In the event of the bankruptcy of a tenant, a transaction structured as a sale-leaseback may be re-characterized as either a financing or a preferred equity partnership (which is generally classified as Redeemable Non-Controlling Interest or Non-Redeemable Non-Controlling Interest in our Operating Partnership), either of which outcomes could adversely affect our business. If the sale-leaseback were re-characterized as a financing, we might not be considered the owner of the property, and as a result would have the status of a creditor in relation to the tenant. In that event, we would no longer have the right to sell or encumber our ownership interest in the property. Instead, we would have a claim against the tenant for the amounts owed under the lease, with the claim arguably secured by the property. The tenant/debtor might have the ability to propose a plan restructuring the term, interest rate and amortization schedule of its outstanding balance. If confirmed by the bankruptcy court, we could be bound by the new terms, and prevented from foreclosing our lien on the property. If the sale-leaseback were re-characterized as a joint venture, our lessee and we could be treated as co-venturers with regard to the property. As a result, we could be held liable, under some circumstances, for debts incurred by the lessee relating to the property. Either of these outcomes could adversely affect our cash flow and the amount available for distributions to you. 
 We may obtain only limited warranties when we purchase a property and would have only limited recourse in the event our due diligence did not identify any issues that lower the value of our property. 
 The seller of a property often sells such property in its as is condition on a where is basis and with all faults, without any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular use or purpose. In addition, purchase agreements may contain only limited warranties, representations and indemnifications that will only survive for a limited period after the closing. Thus, the purchase of properties with 
 
 17 
 
 limited warranties increases the risk that we may lose some or all of our invested capital in the property as well as the loss of rental income from that property. 
 Our real estate investments may include special use single-tenant properties that may be difficult to sell or re-lease upon lease terminations. 
 We have invested and intend to invest primarily in single-tenant, income-producing commercial retail, medical, office and industrial properties, a number of which may include special use single-tenant properties. If the leases on these properties are terminated or not renewed, we may have difficulty re-leasing or selling these properties to new tenants due to the lack of efficient alternate uses for such properties. Therefore, we may be required to expend substantial funds to renovate and/or adapt any such property for a revenue-generating alternate use or make rent concessions in order to lease the property to another tenant or sell the property. These and other limitations may adversely affect the cash flows from, lead to a decline in value of or eliminate the return on investment of, these special use single-tenant properties. 
 We may be unable to secure funds for future tenant improvements, build outs or capital needs, which could adversely impact our ability to pay cash distributions to our stockholders. 
 When tenants do not renew their leases or otherwise vacate their space, it is usual that, in order to attract replacement tenants, we will be required to expend substantial funds for tenant improvements, tenant refurbishments or tenant-specific build outs to the vacated space. In addition, although we expect that our leases with tenants will require tenants to pay routine property maintenance costs, we will likely be responsible for any major structural repairs, such as repairs to the foundation, exterior walls and rooftops. If we need additional capital in the future to improve or maintain our properties or for any other reason, we will have to obtain financing from cash flow from operations, borrowings, property sales or future equity offerings. These sources of funding may not be available on attractive terms or at all. If we cannot procure additional funding for capital improvements, our investments may generate lower cash flows or decline in value, or both. 
 Our inability to sell a property when we desire to do so could adversely impact our ability to pay cash distributions to you. 
 The real estate market is affected by many factors, such as general economic conditions, availability of financing, interest rates, supply and demand, and other factors that are beyond our control. We cannot predict whether we will be able to sell any property for the price or on the terms set by us, or whether any price or other terms offered by a prospective purchaser would be acceptable to us. We may be required to expend funds to correct defects or to make improvements before a property can be sold. We may not have adequate funds available to correct such defects or to make such improvements. Moreover, in acquiring a property, we may agree to restrictions that prohibit the sale of that property for a period of time or impose other restrictions, such as a limitation on the amount of debt that can be placed or repaid on that property. We cannot predict the length of time needed to find a willing purchaser and to close the sale of a property. Our inability to sell a property when we desire to do so may cause us to reduce our selling price for the property, and could adversely impact our ability to pay distributions to you. Furthermore, our ability to dispose of certain of our properties is subject to certain limitations imposed by our tax protection agreements. 
 We may not be able to sell our properties at a price equal to, or greater than, the price for which we purchased such property, which may lead to a decrease in the value of our assets. 
 Some of our leases may not contain rental increases over time, or the rental increases may be less than the fair market rate at a future point in time. In such event, the value of the leased property to a potential purchaser may not increase over time, which may restrict our ability to sell that property, or if we are able to sell that property, may result in a sale price less than the price that we paid to purchase the property. 
 We may acquire or finance properties with lock-out provisions, which may prohibit us from selling a property, or may require us to maintain specified debt levels for a period of years on some properties. 
 Lock-out provisions could materially restrict us from selling or otherwise disposing of or refinancing properties. These provisions would affect our ability to turn our investments into cash and thus affect cash available for distributions to you. Lock-out provisions may prohibit us from reducing the outstanding indebtedness with respect to any properties, refinancing such indebtedness on a non-recourse basis at maturity, or increasing the amount of indebtedness with respect to such properties. Lock-out provisions could impair our ability to take other actions during the lock-out period that could be in the best interests of our stockholders and, therefore, may have an adverse impact on the value of the shares, relative to the value that would result if the lock-out provisions did not exist. In particular, lock-out provisions could preclude us from participating in major transactions that could result in a disposition of our assets or a change in control even though that disposition or change in control might be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 Rising expenses could reduce cash flow and funds available for future acquisitions. 
 Our properties are subject to operating risks common to real estate in general, any or all of which may negatively affect us. If any property is not fully occupied or if rents are being paid in an amount that is insufficient to cover operating expenses, we could be required to expend funds with respect to that property for operating expenses. The properties will be subject to increases in tax rates, utility costs, operating expenses, insurance costs, repairs and maintenance and administrative expenses. While we expect that many of our properties will be leased on a net-lease basis or will require the tenants to pay all or a portion of such expenses, renewals of leases or future leases may not be negotiated on that basis, in which event we may have to pay those costs. If we are unable to lease properties on a net-lease 
 
 18 
 
 basis or on a basis requiring the tenants to pay all or some of such expenses, or if tenants fail to pay required tax, utility and other impositions, we could be required to pay those costs which could adversely affect funds available for future acquisitions or cash available for distributions. 
 Adverse economic conditions may negatively affect our returns and profitability. 
 Our operating results may be affected by the following market and economic challenges, which may result from a continued or exacerbated general economic slowdown experienced by the nation as a whole or by the local economics where our properties are located: 
 poor economic conditions may result in tenant defaults under leases; 

re-leasing may require concessions or reduced rental rates under the new leases; and 

increased insurance premiums may reduce funds available for distribution or, to the extent such increases are passed through to tenants, may lead to tenant defaults. Increased insurance premiums may make it difficult to increase rents to tenants on turnover, which may adversely affect our ability to increase our returns. 

The length and severity of any economic downturn cannot be predicted. Currently, the economic climate has been negatively impacted by the actions taken by governmental authorities, businesses and individuals in response to the coronavirus pandemic. Our tenants, and therefore, operations will be negatively affected in the event of a prolonged economic downturn. 
 Increased vacancy rates could have an adverse impact on our ability to make distributions and the value of an investment in our shares. 
 If we experience vacancy rates that are higher than historical vacancy rates, we may have to offer lower rental rates and greater tenant improvements or concessions than expected. Increased vacancies may have a greater impact on us, as compared to real estate investment programs with other investment strategies, as our investment approach relies on long-term leases in order to provide a relatively stable stream of income for our business. As a result, increased vacancy rates could have the following negative effects on us: 
 the values of our potential investments in commercial properties could decrease below the amount paid for such investments; 

revenues from such properties could decrease due to low or no rental income during vacant periods, lower future rental rates and/or increased tenant improvement expenses or concessions; and/or 

revenues from such properties that secure loans could decrease, making it more difficult for us to meet our payment obligations. 

All of these factors could impair our ability to make distributions and decrease the value of an investment in our shares. 
 Global market and economic conditions, including as a result of health crises may materially and adversely affect us and our tenants. 
 If the U.S. economy were to continue to experience adverse economic conditions as a result of the coronavirus or otherwise, such as high unemployment levels, such conditions may have an impact on the results of operations and financial conditions of our tenants. During periods of economic slowdown, rising interest rates and declining demand for real estate may result in a general decline in rents or an increased incidence of lease defaults. Volatility in the United States and global markets can make it difficult to determine the breadth and duration of the impact of future economic and financial market crises and the ways in which our tenants and our business may be affected. A lack of demand for rental space could adversely affect our ability to gain new tenants, which may affect our growth and profitability. Accordingly, the adverse economic conditions could materially and adversely affect us. 
 We may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic changes in the specific geographic areas where our investments are concentrated. 
 Adverse conditions (including business layoffs or downsizing, the impact of disruptions in global trade agreements or the imposition of tariffs, industry slowdowns, changing demographics, protests, riots and other factors) in the areas where our investments are located and/or concentrated, and local real estate conditions (such as oversupply of, or reduced demand for, office, industrial, retail or multifamily properties) may have an adverse effect on the value of our investments. A material decline in the demand or the ability of tenants to pay rent for office, industrial or retail space in these geographic areas may result in a material decline in our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 We may recognize substantial impairment charges on our properties. 
 We may in the future incur substantial impairment charges, which we are required to recognize whenever we sell a property for less than its carrying value or we determine that the carrying amount of the property is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value (or, for direct financing leases, that the unguaranteed residual value of the underlying property has declined). By their nature, the timing or extent of impairment charges are not predictable. We may incur non-cash impairment charges in the future, which may reduce our net income. 
 
 19 
 
 If we suffer losses that are not covered by insurance or that are in excess of insurance coverage, we could lose invested capital and anticipated profits. 
 Generally, each of our tenants will be responsible for insuring its goods and premises and, in some circumstances, may be required to reimburse us for a share of the cost of acquiring comprehensive insurance for the property, including casualty, liability, fire and extended coverage customarily obtained for similar properties in amounts that we determine are sufficient to cover reasonably foreseeable losses. Tenants of single-tenant properties leased on a net-lease basis typically are required to pay all insurance costs associated with those properties. Material losses may occur in excess of insurance proceeds with respect to any property, as insurance may not be sufficient to fund the losses. However, there are types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as losses due to wars, acts of terrorism, earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, pollution or environmental matters, which are either uninsurable or not economically insurable, or may be insured subject to limitations, such as large deductibles or co-payments. Insurance risks associated with potential terrorism acts could sharply increase the premiums we pay for coverage against property and casualty claims. Additionally, mortgage lenders in some cases have begun to insist that commercial property owners purchase specific coverage against terrorism as a condition for providing mortgage loans. It is uncertain whether such insurance policies will be available, or available at reasonable cost, which could inhibit our ability to finance or refinance our potential properties. In these instances, we may be required to provide other financial support, either through financial assurances or self-insurance, to cover potential losses. We may not have adequate, or any, coverage for such losses. 
 Real estate related taxes may increase and if these increases are not passed on to tenants, our income will be reduced. 
 Some local real property tax assessors may seek to reassess some of our properties as a result of our acquisition of the property. Generally, from time to time, our property taxes may increase as property values or assessment rates change or for other reasons deemed relevant by the assessors. An increase in the assessed valuation of a property for real estate tax purposes will result in an increase in the related real estate taxes on that property. Although most of our tenant leases permit us to pass through such tax increases to the tenants for payment, there is no assurance that renewal leases or future leases will be negotiated on the same basis. Increases not passed through to tenants will adversely affect our income, cash available for distributions, and the amount of distributions to you. 
 We could be exposed to environmental liabilities with respect to investments to which we take title. 
 In the course of our business, and taking title to properties, we could be subject to environmental liabilities with respect to such properties. Federal, state and local laws impose liability on a landowner for releases or the otherwise improper presence on the premises of hazardous substances. In such a circumstance, we may be held liable to a governmental entity or to third parties for property damage, personal injury, investigation and cleanup costs incurred by these parties in connection with environmental contamination, or we may be required to investigate or clean up hazardous or toxic substances or chemical releases at a property. The costs associated with investigation or remediation activities could be substantial. If we become subject to significant environmental liabilities, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Properties may contain mold or asbestos or other hazardous conditions. 
 Under various U.S. federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and regulations, a current or previous owner or operator of real property may be liable for the cost of removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances on, under or in such property, such as mold, asbestos or other conditions. Mold contamination has been linked to a number of health problems, resulting in recent litigation by tenants seeking various remedies, including damages and ability to terminate their leases. Originally occurring in residential property, mold claims have recently begun to appear in commercial properties as well. Several insurance companies have reported a substantial increase in mold-related claims, causing a growing concern that real estate owners might be subject to increasing lawsuits regarding mold contamination. No assurance can be given that a mold condition will not exist at one or more of our properties, with the risk of substantial damages, legal fees and possibly loss of tenants. It is unclear whether such mold claims would be covered by the customary insurance policies we obtain. 
 CC Rs may restrict our ability to operate a property. 
 Some of our properties are contiguous to other parcels of real property, comprising part of the same commercial center. In connection with such properties, there are significant covenants, conditions and restrictions CC Rs restricting the operation of such properties and any improvements on such properties, and related to granting easements on such properties. Moreover, the operation and management of the contiguous properties may impact such properties. Compliance with CC Rs may adversely affect our operating costs and reduce the amount of funds that we have available to pay distributions. 
 Our operating results may be negatively affected by potential development and construction delays and resultant increased costs and risks. 
 We may acquire and develop properties upon which we will construct improvements. We will be subject to uncertainties associated with re-zoning for development, environmental concerns of governmental entities and/or community groups, and our builder s ability to build in conformity with plans, specifications, budgeted costs, and timetables. If a builder fails to perform, we may resort to legal action to rescind the purchase or the construction contract or to compel performance. A builder s performance may also be affected or delayed by conditions beyond the builder s control. Delays in completion of construction could also give tenants the right to terminate preconstruction leases. We may incur additional risks when we make periodic progress payments or other advances to builders before they complete construction. These and other such factors can result in increased costs of a project or loss of our investment. In addition, 
 
 20 
 
 we will be subject to normal lease-up risks relating to newly constructed projects. We also must rely on rental income and expense projections and estimates of the fair market value of property upon completion of construction when agreeing upon a price at the time we acquire the property. If our projections are inaccurate, we may pay too much for a property, and our return on our investment could suffer. 
 We may invest in unimproved real property. Returns from development of unimproved properties are also subject to risks associated with re-zoning the land for development and environmental concerns of governmental entities and/or community groups. Although we intend to limit any investment in unimproved property to property we intend to develop, your investment nevertheless is subject to the risks associated with investments in unimproved real property. 
 Competition with third parties in acquiring properties and other investments may reduce our profitability and the return on your investment. 
 We compete with many other entities engaged in real estate investment activities, including individuals, corporations, bank and insurance company investment accounts, REITs, real estate limited partnerships, and other entities engaged in real estate investment activities, many of which have greater resources than we do. Larger competitors may enjoy significant competitive advantages that result from, among other things, a lower cost of capital and enhanced operating efficiencies. In addition, the number of entities and the amount of funds competing for suitable investments may increase. Any such increase would result in increased demand for these assets and therefore possibly increased prices paid for them. If we pay higher prices for properties and other investments, our profitability may be reduced and you may experience a lower return on your investment. 
 Our properties may face competition that could reduce the amount of rent paid to us, which would reduce the cash available for distributions and the amount of distributions. 
 We expect that our properties will typically be located in developed areas. Therefore, there are and will be numerous other properties within the market area of each of our properties that will compete with us for tenants. The number of competitive properties could have a material effect on our ability to rent space at our properties and the amount of rents charged. We could be adversely affected if additional competitive properties are built in locations competitive with our properties, causing increased competition for customer traffic and creditworthy tenants. This could result in decreased cash flow from tenants and may require us to make capital improvements to properties that we would not have otherwise made, thus affecting cash available for distributions, and the amount available for distributions to you. 
 Costs of complying with governmental laws and regulations, including those relating to environmental matters, may adversely affect our income and the cash available for any distributions. 
 All real property and the operations conducted on real property are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and human health and safety. These laws and regulations generally govern wastewater discharges, air emissions, the operation and removal of underground and above-ground storage tanks, the use, storage, treatment, transportation and disposal of solid and hazardous materials, and the remediation of contamination associated with disposals. Environmental laws and regulations may impose joint and several liability on tenants, owners or operators for the costs to investigate or remediate contaminated properties, regardless of fault or whether the acts causing the contamination were legal. This liability could be substantial. In addition, the presence of hazardous substances, or the failure to properly remediate these substances, may adversely affect our ability to sell, rent or pledge such property as collateral for future borrowings. 
 Some of these laws and regulations have been amended so as to require compliance with new or more stringent standards as of future dates. Compliance with new or more stringent laws or regulations or stricter interpretation of existing laws may require material expenditures by us. Future laws, ordinances or regulations may impose material environmental liability. Additionally, several conditions, such as our tenants operations, the existing condition of land when we buy it, operations in the vicinity of our properties, such as the presence of underground storage tanks, or activities of unrelated third parties, may affect our properties. In addition, there are various local, state and federal fire, health, life-safety and similar regulations with which we may be required to comply, and that may subject us to liability in the form of fines or damages for noncompliance. Any material expenditures, fines, or damages we must pay will reduce our ability to make distributions and may reduce the value of your investment. 
 State and federal laws in this area are constantly evolving, and we intend to monitor these laws and take commercially reasonable steps to protect ourselves from the impact of these laws, including obtaining environmental assessments of most properties that we acquire; however, we will not obtain an independent third-party environmental assessment for every property we acquire. In addition, any such assessment that we do obtain may not reveal all environmental liabilities or that a prior owner of a property did not create a material environmental condition not known to us. The cost of defending against claims of liability, of compliance with environmental regulatory requirements, of remediating any contaminated property, or of paying personal injury claims would materially adversely affect our business, assets or results of operations and, consequently, amounts available for distribution to you. 
 Inflation and changes in interest rates may materially and adversely affect us and our tenants. 
 We are currently experiencing high rates of inflation and increasing interest rates in the United States. A continued rise in inflation or interest rates may result in rates greater than the increases in rent that we anticipate may be provided by many of our leases. Increased costs may have an adverse impact on our tenants if increases in their operating expenses exceed increases in revenue, which may adversely affect the tenants ability to pay rent owed to us. 
 
 21 
 
 In addition, while the Company does not have any variable rate debt, to the extent that we incur variable rate debt in the future, increases in interest rates would increase our interest costs, which could reduce our cash flows and our ability to pay distributions to you. Furthermore, if we need to repay existing debt during periods of rising interest rates, we could be required to liquidate one or more of our investments in properties at times that may not permit realization of the maximum return on such investments. 
 Our costs associated with complying with the Americans with Disabilities Act may affect cash available for distributions. 
 Our properties will be subject to the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (the Disabilities Act ). Under the Disabilities Act, all places of public accommodation are required to comply with federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. The Disabilities Act has separate compliance requirements for public accommodations and commercial facilities that generally require that buildings and services, including restaurants and retail stores, be made accessible and available to people with disabilities. The Disabilities Act s requirements could require removal of access barriers and could result in the imposition of injunctive relief, monetary penalties, or, in some cases, an award of damages. We will attempt to acquire properties that comply with the Disabilities Act or place the burden on the seller or other third party, such as a tenant, to ensure compliance with the Disabilities Act. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to acquire properties or allocate responsibilities in this manner. If we cannot, our funds used for Disabilities Act compliance will reduce the cash available for distributions and the amount of distributions to you. 
 We may not be able to re-lease or renew leases at our properties on terms favorable to us or at all. 
 We are subject to risks that upon expiration or earlier termination of the leases for space at our properties, the space may not be released or, if re-leased, the terms of the renewal or re-leasing (including the costs of required renovations or concessions to tenants) may be less favorable than current lease terms. Any of these situations may result in extended periods where there is a significant decline in revenues or no revenues generated by an investment. If we are unable to re-lease or renew leases for all or substantially all of the spaces at these investments, if the rental rates upon such renewal or re-leasing are significantly lower than expected, if our reserves for these purposes prove inadequate, or if we are required to make significant renovations or concessions to tenants as part of the renewal or re-leasing process, we will experience a reduction in net income and may be required to reduce or eliminate distributions to our stockholders. 
 Lease defaults, terminations or landlord-tenant disputes may adversely reduce our income from our property portfolio. 
 Lease defaults or terminations by one or more of our significant tenants may reduce our revenues unless a default is cured or a suitable replacement tenant is found promptly. In addition, disputes may arise between us and a tenant that result in the tenant withholding rent payments, possibly for an extended period. These disputes may lead to litigation or other legal procedures to secure payment of the rent withheld or to evict the tenant. In other circumstances, a tenant may have a contractual right to abate or suspend rent payments. Even without such right, a tenant might determine to do so. Any of these situations may result in extended periods during which there is a significant decline in revenues or no revenues generated by the property. If this were to occur, it could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Net leases may not result in fair market lease rates over time, which could negatively impact our income and reduce the amount of funds available to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 A significant portion of our rental income is derived from net leases, which generally provide the tenant greater discretion in using the leased property than ordinary property leases, such as the right to freely sublease the property, to make alterations in the leased premises and to terminate the lease prior to its expiration under specified circumstances. Furthermore, net leases typically have longer lease terms and, thus, there is an increased risk that contractual rental increases in future years will fail to result in fair market rental rates during those years. As a result, our income and distributions to our stockholders could be lower than they would otherwise be if we did not engage in net leases. 
 Your investment return may be reduced if we are required to register as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940 (and similar legislation in other jurisdictions). 
 Neither we nor any of our subsidiaries intend to register as investment companies under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules thereunder (and similar legislation in other jurisdictions) (the Investment Company Act ). If we or our subsidiaries were obligated to register as investment companies, we would have to comply with a variety of substantive requirements under the Investment Company Act that impose, among other things: 
 limitations on capital structure; 

restrictions on specified investments; 

prohibitions on transactions with affiliates; and 

compliance with reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy disclosure and other rules and regulations that would significantly increase our operating expenses. 

Under the relevant provisions of Section 3(a)(1) of the Investment Company Act, an investment company is any issuer that: 

is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities (the primarily engaged test ); or 

22 
 
 is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of such issuer s total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis (the 40 test ). Investment securities excludes U.S. government securities and securities of majority-owned subsidiaries that are not themselves investment companies and are not relying on the exception from the definition of investment company under Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) (relating to private investment companies). 

We believe that neither we nor our Operating Partnership will be required to register as an investment company. With respect to the 40 test, the entities through which we and our Operating Partnership intend to own our assets will be majority-owned subsidiaries that are not themselves investment companies and are not relying on the exceptions from the definition of investment company under Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7). 
 With respect to the primarily engaged test, we and our Operating Partnership are holding companies and do not intend to invest or trade in securities ourselves. Rather, through the majority-owned subsidiaries of our Operating Partnership, we and our Operating Partnership are primarily engaged in the non-investment company businesses of these subsidiaries, namely the business of purchasing or otherwise acquiring real estate and real estate-related assets. 
 To maintain compliance with the Investment Company Act, our subsidiaries may be unable to sell assets we would otherwise want them to sell and may need to sell assets we would otherwise wish them to retain. In addition, our subsidiaries may have to acquire additional assets that they might not otherwise have acquired or may have to forgo opportunities to make investments that we would otherwise want them to make and would be important to our investment strategy. Moreover, the SEC or its staff may issue interpretations with respect to various types of assets that are contrary to our views and current SEC staff interpretations are subject to change, which increases the risk of non-compliance and the risk that we may be forced to make adverse changes to our portfolio. If we were required to register as an investment company but failed to do so, we would be prohibited from engaging in our business and criminal and civil actions could be brought against us. In addition, our contracts would be unenforceable unless a court required enforcement and a court could appoint a receiver to take control of us and liquidate our business. 
 Risks Associated with Debt Financing 
 We have used and may continue to use mortgage and other debt financing to acquire properties or interests in properties and otherwise incur other indebtedness, which increases our expenses and could subject us to the risk of losing properties in foreclosure if our cash flow is insufficient to make loan payments. 
 We are permitted to acquire real properties and other real estate-related investments, including entity acquisitions, by assuming either existing financing secured by the asset or by borrowing new funds. In addition, we may incur or increase our mortgage debt by obtaining loans secured by some or all of our assets to obtain funds to acquire additional investments or to pay distributions to our stockholders. We also may borrow funds, if necessary, to satisfy the requirement that we distribute at least 90 of our annual REIT taxable income, or otherwise as is necessary or advisable to assure that we continue to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes at such time as our Board of Directors determines is in our best interest. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had total cash (unrestricted and restricted) of 3,752,996, properties with a cost basis of 56,917,321 and outstanding debt of 36,733,878. 
 There is no limit on the amount we may invest in any single property or other asset or on the amount we can borrow to purchase any individual property or other investment. If we mortgage a property and have insufficient cash flow to service the debt, we risk an event of default which may result in our lenders foreclosing on the properties securing the mortgage. 
 If we cannot repay or refinance loans incurred to purchase our properties, or interests therein, then we may lose our interests in the properties secured by the loans we are unable to repay or refinance. 
 We utilize, and intend to continue to utilize, leverage, which may limit our financial flexibility in the future. 
 According to NAREIT, the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, REITs have largely been resilient during the pandemic as overall leverage ratios were at or near the lowest on record. According to NAREIT, REITs also lengthened the maturities of their debts to reduce risks of having to refinance during adverse market conditions and maintained high levels of liquidity, both on balance sheet through holdings of cash and securities and also through committed lines of credit. 
 Our ability to execute our business strategies, and in particular to make new investments, is highly dependent upon our ability to procure external financing. Our principal sources of external financing include the issuance of our equity securities and mortgages secured by properties. We continue to obtain mortgages from the commercial mortgage-backed securities CMBS market, life insurance companies and regional banks. However, with rising interest rates, lenders are currently concerned about the outlook of the credit markets, market volatility, and the potential impact of new regulations. Even though we have been successful in procuring equity financing and secured mortgages financing, we cannot be assured that we will be successful at doing so in the future. 
 
 23 
 
 High levels of debt or increases in interest rates could increase the amount of our loan payments, which could reduce the cash available for distribution to stockholders. 
 High debt levels will cause us to incur higher interest charges, resulting in higher debt service payments, and may be accompanied by restrictive covenants. Interest we pay reduces cash available for distribution to stockholders. Additionally, with respect to our variable rate debt, increases in interest rates increase our interest costs, which reduces our cash flow and our ability to make distributions to you. In addition, if we need to repay existing debt during periods of rising interest rates, we could be required to liquidate one or more of our investments in properties at times which may not permit realization of the maximum return on such investments and could result in a loss. In addition, if we are unable to service our debt payments, our lenders may foreclose on our interests in the real property that secures the loans we have entered into. 
 High mortgage rates may make it difficult for us to finance or refinance properties, which could reduce the number of properties we can acquire, our cash flow from operations and the amount of cash distributions we can make. 
 To qualify as a REIT, we will be required to distribute at least 90 of our annual taxable income (excluding net capital gains) to our stockholders in each taxable year, and thus our ability to retain internally generated cash is limited. Accordingly, our ability to acquire properties or to make capital improvements to or remodel properties will depend on our ability to obtain debt or equity financing from third parties or the sellers of properties. If mortgage debt is unavailable at reasonable rates, we may not be able to finance the purchase of properties. If we place mortgage debt on properties, we run the risk of being unable to refinance the properties when the debt becomes due or of being unable to refinance on favorable terms. If interest rates are higher when we refinance the properties, our income could be reduced. We may be unable to refinance properties. If any of these events occurs, our cash flow would be reduced. This, in turn, would reduce cash available for distribution to you and may hinder our ability to raise capital by issuing more stock or borrowing more money. 
 Lenders may require us to enter into restrictive covenants relating to our operations, which could limit our ability to make distributions to you. 
 We make acquisitions and operate our business in part through the utilization of leverage pursuant to loan agreements with various financial institutions. These loan agreements contain standard affirmative and negative covenants, including prohibitions on additional liens on the collateral, financial reporting obligations and maintenance of insurance, in addition to Debt Service Coverage Ratios DSCR covenants. Loan documents we enter into may contain covenants that limit our ability to further mortgage the property, discontinue insurance coverage, or replace our property manager. These covenants, as well as any future covenants we may enter into through further loan agreements, could limit our operational flexibility and/or could inhibit our financial flexibility in the future and prevent distributions to stockholders. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants. 
 Some of our mortgage loans may have due on sale provisions, which may impact the manner in which we acquire, sell and/or finance our properties. 
 In purchasing properties subject to financing, we may obtain financing with due-on-sale and/or due-on-encumbrance clauses. Due-on sale clauses in mortgages allow a mortgage lender to demand full repayment of the mortgage loan if the borrower sells the mortgaged property. Similarly, due-on-encumbrance clauses allow a mortgage lender to demand full repayment if the borrower uses the real estate securing the mortgage loan as security for another loan. In such event, we may be required to sell our properties on an all-cash basis, which may make it more difficult to sell the property or reduce the selling price. 
 Lenders may be able to recover against our other properties under our mortgage loans. 
 In financing our acquisitions, we will seek to obtain secured nonrecourse loans. However, only recourse financing may be available, in which event, in addition to the property securing the loan, the lender would have the ability to look to our other assets for satisfaction of the debt if the proceeds from the sale or other disposition of the property securing the loan are insufficient to fully repay it. Also, in order to facilitate the sale of a property, we may allow the buyer to purchase the property subject to an existing loan whereby we remain responsible for the debt. 
 If we are required to make payments under any bad boy carve-out guaranties that we may provide in connection with certain mortgages and related loans, our business and financial results could be materially adversely affected. 
 In obtaining certain nonrecourse loans, we may provide standard carve-out guaranties. These guaranties are only applicable if and when the borrower directly, or indirectly through agreement with an affiliate, joint venture partner or other third party, voluntarily files a bankruptcy or similar liquidation or reorganization action or takes other actions that are fraudulent or improper (commonly referred to as bad boy guaranties). Although we believe that bad boy carve-out guaranties are not guaranties of payment in the event of foreclosure or other actions of the foreclosing lender that are beyond the borrower s control, some lenders in the real estate industry have recently sought to make claims for payment under such guaranties. In the event such a claim were made against us under a bad boy carve-out guaranty following foreclosure on mortgages or related loan, and such claim were successful, our business and financial results could be materially adversely affected. In accordance with our President and CEO's employment agreement, we are also required to pay a guaranty fee payable to him for his personal guaranty and such payment will reduce the funds available for distribution to our stockholders because cash otherwise available for distribution will be required to pay principal and interest associated with these mortgage loans. 
 
 24 
 
 Interest-only indebtedness may increase our risk of default and ultimately may reduce our funds available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 We may finance our property acquisitions using interest-only mortgage indebtedness. During the interest-only period, the amount of each scheduled payment will be less than that of a traditional amortizing mortgage loan. The principal balance of the mortgage loan will not be reduced (except in the case of prepayments) because there are no scheduled monthly payments of principal during this period. After the interest-only period, we will be required either to make scheduled payments of amortized principal and interest or to make a lump-sum or balloon payment at maturity. These required principal or balloon payments will increase the amount of our scheduled payments and may increase our risk of default under the related mortgage loan. If the mortgage loan has an adjustable interest rate, the amount of our scheduled payments also may increase at a time of rising interest rates. Increased payments and substantial principal or balloon maturity payments will reduce the funds available for distribution to our stockholders because cash otherwise available for distribution will be required to pay principal and interest associated with these mortgage loans. 
 We may enter into derivative or hedging contracts that could expose us to contingent liabilities and certain risks and costs in the future. 
 Part of our investment strategy may involve entering into derivative or hedging contracts that could require us to fund cash payments in the future under certain circumstances, such as the early termination of the derivative agreement caused by an event of default or other early termination event, or the decision by a counterparty to request margin securities it is contractually owed under the terms of the derivative contract. The amount due would be equal to the unrealized loss of the open swap positions with the respective counterparty and could also include other fees and charges. These economic losses would be reflected in our financial results of operations, and our ability to fund these obligations will depend on the liquidity of our assets and access to capital at the time, and the need to fund these obligations could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Further, the cost of using derivative or hedging instruments increases as the period covered by the instrument increases and during periods of rising and volatile interest rates. We may increase our derivative or hedging activity and thus increase our related costs during periods when interest rates are volatile or rising and hedging costs have increased. 
 In addition, hedging instruments involve risk since they often are not traded on regulated exchanges, guaranteed by an exchange or its clearing house, or regulated by any U.S. or foreign governmental authorities. Consequently, in many cases, there are no requirements with respect to record keeping, financial responsibility or segregation of customer funds and positions. Furthermore, the enforceability of agreements underlying derivative transactions may depend on compliance with applicable statutory and commodity and other regulatory requirements and, depending on the identity of the counterparty, applicable international requirements. The business failure of a hedging counterparty with whom we enter into a hedging transaction will most likely result in a default. Default by a party with whom we enter into a hedging transaction may result in the loss of unrealized profits and force us to cover our resale commitments, if any, at the then current market price. Although generally we will seek to reserve the right to terminate our hedging positions, it may not always be possible to dispose of or close out a hedging position without the consent of the hedging counterparty, and we may not be able to enter into an offsetting contract in order to cover our risk. We cannot be assured that a liquid secondary market will exist for hedging instruments purchased or sold, and we may be required to maintain a position until exercise or expiration, which could result in losses. 
 Complying with REIT requirements may limit our ability to hedge risk effectively. 
 The REIT provisions of the Code may limit the ability of a REIT to hedge the risks inherent to its operations. From time to time, we may enter into hedging transactions with respect to one or more of our assets or liabilities. Our hedging transactions may include entering into interest rate swaps, caps and floors, options to purchase these items, and futures and forward contracts. Any income or gain derived by us from transactions that hedge certain risks, such as the risk of changes in interest rates, will not be treated as gross income for purposes of either the 75 or the 95 income test for the purposes of qualifying as a REIT unless specific requirements are met. Such requirements include that the hedging transaction be properly identified within prescribed time periods and that the transaction either (1) hedges risks associated with indebtedness issued by us that is incurred to acquire or carry real estate assets or (2) manages the risks of currency fluctuations with respect to income or gain that qualifies under the 75 or 95 income test (or assets that generate such income). To the extent that we do not properly identify such transactions as hedges, hedge with other types of financial instruments, or hedge other types of indebtedness, the income from those transactions is not likely to be treated as qualifying income for purposes of the 75 - and 95 -income tests. As a result of these rules, we may have to limit the use of hedging techniques that might otherwise be advantageous, which could result in greater risks associated with interest rate or other changes than we would otherwise incur. 
 Interest rates may continue to increase. 
 Current economic conditions are signaling that interest rates are likely to continue to rise throughout 2023 and potentially beyond in response to an inflationary environment. If there is a continued increase in interest rates, any debt servicing on investments could be significantly higher than currently anticipated, which would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to the stockholders. Also, rising interest rates may affect the ability of our management to refinance an investment. Investments may be less desirable to prospective purchasers in a rising interest rate environment and their values may be adversely impacted by the reduction in cash flow due to increased interest payments. 
 
 25 
 
 We may use floating rate, interest-only or short-term loans to acquire assets. 
 Our management has the right, in its sole discretion, to negotiate any debt financing, including obtaining (i) interest-only, (ii) floating rate and/or (iii) short-term loans to acquire assets. If our management obtains floating rate loans, the interest rate would not be fixed but would float with an established index (probably at higher interest rates in the future). No principal would be repaid on interest-only loans. Finally, we would be required to refinance short-term loans at the end of a relatively short period. No assurance can be given that our management would be able to refinance with fixed-rate permanent loans in the future, on favorable terms or at all, to refinance the short-term loans. In addition, no assurance can be given that the terms of such future loans to refinance the short-term loans would be favorable to us. 
 We may use leverage to make investments. 
 Our management, in its sole discretion, may leverage our assets. As a result of the use of leverage, a decrease in revenues of a leveraged asset may materially and adversely affect that investment s cash flow and, in turn, our ability to make distributions. No assurance can be given that future cash flow of a particular asset will be sufficient to make the debt service payments on any borrowed funds for that asset and also cover operating expenses. If the investment s revenues are insufficient to pay debt service and operating expenses, we would be required to use net income from other assets, working capital or reserves, or seek additional funds. There can be no assurance that additional funds will be available, if needed, or, if such funds are available, that they will be available on terms acceptable to us. 
 Leveraging an asset allows a lender to foreclose on that asset. 
 Lenders financing an asset, even non-recourse lenders, are expected in all instances to retain the right to foreclose on that asset if there is a default in the loan terms. If this were to occur, we would likely lose our entire investment in that asset. Lenders may have approval rights with respect to an encumbered asset. A lender financing an asset will likely have numerous other rights, which may include the right to approve any change in the property manager for a particular investment. 
 Availability of financing and market conditions will affect the success of the Company. 
 Market fluctuations in real estate financing may affect the availability and cost of funds needed in the future for investments. In addition, credit availability has been restricted in the past and may become restricted again in the future. Restrictions upon the availability of real estate financing or high interest rates for real estate loans could adversely affect the investments and our ability to execute its investment goals. 
 Federal Income Tax Risks 
 The Company's failure to qualify as a REIT would adversely affect our operations and our ability to make distributions. 
 We elected to be taxed as a REIT for federal income tax purposes commencing with our taxable year ending December 31, 2021. Our ongoing qualification as a REIT will depend upon our ability to meet, through investments, actual operating results, distributions and satisfaction of specific rules, the various tests imposed by the Code. We believe that we have structured our activities in a manner designed to satisfy all of these requirements. However, if certain of our operations were to be recharacterized by the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS ), such recharacterization could jeopardize our ability to satisfy all of the requirements for qualification as a REIT. We will not apply for a ruling from the IRS regarding our status as a REIT. Future legislative, judicial or administrative changes to the federal income tax laws could be applied retroactively, which could prevent our qualification or result in our disqualification as a REIT. 
 If we fail to qualify as a REIT for any taxable year after having qualified we will be subject to federal income tax on our taxable income at corporate rates. Also, we would generally be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year of losing our REIT status. Losing our REIT status would reduce our net earnings available for investment or distribution to stockholders because of the additional tax liability. In addition, distributions to stockholders would no longer qualify for the dividends paid deduction, and we would no longer be required to make distributions. If this occurs, we might be required to borrow funds or liquidate some investments in order to pay the applicable tax. Moreover, if any of our initial properties acquired before we qualified as a REIT were to be sold within five years after electing REIT status, the disposition could give rise to gain that would be subject to corporate income tax. To qualify as a REIT, we may not have, at the end of any taxable year, any undistributed earnings and profits that are attributable to a C corporation taxable year. We do not believe we will have any undistributed C corporation earnings and profits, but in the event we do accumulate any non-REIT earnings and profits, we intend to distribute such non-REIT earnings and profits before the end of our first REIT taxable year to comply with this requirement. There can be no assurance that the IRS would not take the position that the distribution procedure is not available, in which case we would fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 We may have difficulty satisfying the requirement that we not be closely held. 
 One of the requirements for REIT qualification is that we not be closely held. For these purposes, we will be closely held if five or fewer individuals (including certain entities treated as individuals for this purpose) own (or are treated as owning under applicable attribution rules) more than 50 by value of our stock at any time during the second half of the taxable year. This requirement does not apply during our first REIT year. Upon the election to be taxed as a REIT for our taxable year ending December 31, 2021, the closely held test became effective for our taxable year ending December 31, 2022 and we were not considered closely held. Our articles of incorporation generally restrict any person from owning or being treated as owning more than 9.8 of our stock, limiting the amount of our stock any five 
 
 26 
 
 persons could own or be treated as owning 49 of our stock, in order to prevent us from failing the closely held requirement. As permitted in our articles of incorporation, however, our Board has granted, and may grant from time to time in the future, waivers with respect to the 9.8 ownership restriction for holders for which we determine, based on such holders representations, covenants and agreements, that such waivers would not jeopardize our status as a REIT. 
 Re-characterization of sale-leaseback transactions may cause us to lose our REIT status. 
 We may purchase properties and lease them back to the sellers of such properties. While we will use our best efforts to structure any such sale-leaseback transaction so that the lease will be characterized as a true lease, thereby allowing us to be treated as the owner of the property for federal income tax purposes, the IRS could challenge such characterization. In the event that any sale-leaseback transaction is challenged and re-characterized as a financing transaction or loan for federal income tax purposes, deductions for depreciation and cost recovery relating to such property would be disallowed. If a sale-leaseback transaction were so recharacterized, we might fail to satisfy the REIT qualification asset tests or the income tests and, consequently, lose our REIT status effective with the year of recharacterization. Alternatively, the amount of our REIT taxable income could be recalculated which might also cause us to fail to meet the distribution requirement for a taxable year. 
 In certain circumstances, we may be subject to federal and state income taxes as a REIT, which would reduce our cash available for distribution to you. 
 Even if we maintain our status as a REIT, we may be subject to federal income taxes or state taxes. For example, net income from the sale of properties that are dealer properties sold by a REIT (a prohibited transaction under the Code) will be subject to a 100 tax. We may not be able to make sufficient distributions to avoid excise taxes applicable to REITs. We may also decide to retain capital gains we earn from the sale or other disposition of our property and pay income tax directly on such gain. In that event, our stockholders would be treated as if they earned that income and paid the tax on it directly. We may also be subject to state and local taxes on our income or property, either directly or at the level of the Operating Partnership or at the level of the other entities through which we indirectly own our assets. Any federal or state taxes we pay will reduce our cash available for distribution to you. 
 REIT distribution requirements could adversely affect our liquidity. 
 In order to maintain our REIT status and to meet the REIT distribution requirements, we may need to borrow funds on a short-term basis or sell assets, even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings or sales. To qualify as a REIT, we generally must distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our net taxable income each year, excluding capital gains. In addition, we will be subject to corporate income tax to the extent we distribute less than 100 of our net taxable income including any net capital gain. We intend to make distributions to our stockholders to comply with the requirements of the Code for REITs and to minimize or eliminate our corporate income tax obligation to the extent consistent with our business objectives. Our cash flows from operations may be insufficient to fund required distributions as a result of differences in timing between the actual receipt of income and the recognition of income for federal income tax purposes, or the effect of non-deductible capital expenditures, the creation of reserves or required debt service or amortization payments. The insufficiency of our cash flows to cover our distribution requirements could have an adverse impact on our ability to maintain our REIT status. We may have to incur short- or long-term debt or liquidate an investment in a property we were not planning to sell to pay these distributions. In addition, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which distributions paid by us in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85 of our ordinary income, 95 of our capital gain net income and 100 of our undistributed income from prior years. 
 Further, amounts distributed will not be available to fund investment activities. We expect to fund our investments by raising equity capital and through borrowings from financial institutions and the debt capital markets. If we fail to obtain debt or equity capital in the future, it could limit our ability to grow, which could have a material adverse effect on the value of our common stock. 
 Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends. 
 The maximum tax rate applicable to qualified dividend income payable to U.S. stockholders that are taxed at individual rates is 20 (exclusive of the application of the 3.8 net investment tax). Dividends (other than capital gain dividends) payable by REITs, however, generally are not eligible for the reduced rates on qualified dividend income and therefore may be subject to a 37 maximum U.S. federal income tax rate on ordinary income when paid to such stockholders. Through taxable years ending December 31, 2025, the top effective rate applicable to ordinary dividends from REITs is 29.6 (through a 20 deduction for ordinary REIT dividends received that are not capital gain dividends or qualified dividend income, subject to complex limitations). The more favorable rates applicable to regular corporate qualified dividends could cause investors who are taxed at individual rates to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely affect the value of the shares of REITs, including our common stock if we qualify as a REIT. 
 We may be unable to generate sufficient revenue from operations, operating cash flow or portfolio income to pay our operating expenses, and our operating expenses could rise, diminishing our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 If we are established as a REIT, we are generally required to distribute at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and not including net capital gains, each year to our stockholders. To qualify for the tax benefits applicable to REITs, we have and intend to continue to make distributions to our stockholders in amounts such that we distribute all or substantially all our net taxable income each year, subject to certain adjustments. However, our ability to make distributions may be 
 
 27 
 
 adversely affected by the risk factors described herein. Our ability to make and sustain cash distributions is based on many factors, including the return on our investments, the size of our investment portfolio, operating expense levels, and certain restrictions imposed by Maryland law. Some of the factors are beyond our control and a change in any such factor could affect our ability to pay future dividends. No assurance can be given as to our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. In the event of a downturn in our operating results and financial performance or unanticipated declines in the value of our asset portfolio, we may be unable to declare or pay monthly distributions or make distributions to our stockholders. The timing and amount of distributions are in the sole discretion of our Board, which considers, among other factors, our earnings, financial condition, debt service obligations and applicable debt covenants, REIT qualification requirements and other tax considerations and capital expenditure requirements as our Board may deem relevant from time to time. 
 Our tax protection agreements could give rise to material liability. 
 We have entered into a tax protection agreement with each of the former Greenwal and Riverside Crossing LLCs, in connection with their respective contributions of property to us in June 2019. These agreements limit our ability to dispose of any interest in those contributed properties in a taxable transaction prior to the seventh anniversary of the applicable contribution date. Upon such a disposition, subject to certain exceptions (such as a tax-deferred Section 1031 like-kind exchange), we are required to indemnify Greenwal and Riverside Crossing LLCs. and their indirect owners for their federal, state and local income tax liabilities attributable to the built-in gain that existed with respect to such contributed property as of the contribution date, plus in certain instances, an additional amount so that after the counterparty (or certain other parties) has paid any federal, state and local income taxes on the tax indemnity payments received, including any additional amounts, it has received an amount equal to the additional federal, state and local income taxes incurred. Moreover, the agreements require a similar indemnification obligation if, during the seven-year period from the applicable contribution date, we do not maintain a certain minimum level of nonrecourse debt secured by the contributed property or fail to offer the contributors the opportunity to guarantee any replacement debt upon a future repayment, retirement, refinancing or other reduction (other than a scheduled amortization) of currently outstanding debt on their respective contributed property. We agreed to these provisions to facilitate the property acquisitions and assist the contributors in deferring the recognition of taxable gain as a result of their contribution of the properties to us. At the time of contribution, the approximate appraised value of the property contributed by Greenwal was 11.8 million, and the approximate value of the property contributed by Riverside Crossing was 7.1 million. 
 Legislative or regulatory action could adversely affect investors. 
 Because our operations are governed to a significant extent by the federal tax laws, new legislative or regulatory action could adversely affect investors. 
 You are urged to consult with your own tax advisor with respect to the status of legislative, regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in our common stock. You should also note that our counsel s tax opinion assumes that no legislation will be enacted after the date of this Form 10-K that will be applicable to an investment in our shares, and that future legislation may affect this tax opinion. 
 Foreign purchasers of our common stock may be subject to FIRPTA tax upon the sale of their shares. 
 Foreign persons (other than certain foreign pension funds) disposing of a U.S. real property interest, including shares of a U.S. corporation whose assets consist principally of U.S. real property interests, are generally subject to the Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax of 1980, as amended, known as FIRPTA, on the gain recognized on the disposition. Such FIRPTA tax does not apply, however, to the disposition of stock in a REIT if the REIT is domestically controlled. A REIT is domestically controlled if less than 50 of the REIT s stock, by value, has been owned directly or indirectly by persons who are not qualifying U.S. persons during a continuous five-year period ending on the date of disposition or, if shorter, during the entire period of the REIT s existence. We cannot assure you that we will qualify as a domestically controlled REIT. If we were to fail to so qualify, gain realized by foreign investors on a sale of our shares would be subject to FIRPTA tax, unless our shares were regularly traded on an established securities market and the foreign investor did not at any time during a specified testing period directly or indirectly own more than 10 of the value of our outstanding common stock. 
 
 Risks Related to our Securities 
 The stock price of our common stock may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance, and you may not be able to resell your shares at or above the price at which you purchased your shares. 
 The market price of our common stock may be volatile. In addition, the trading volume in our common stock may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. If the market price of our common stock declines significantly, you may be unable to resell your shares at or above the price at which you purchased your shares. We cannot assure you that the market price of our common stock will not fluctuate or decline significantly in the future. Some of the factors that could negatively affect our share price or result in fluctuations in the price or trading volume of our common stock include: 
 actual or anticipated variations in our operating results, funds from operations, cash flows, liquidity or distributions; 

28 
 
 changes in our earnings estimates or those of analysts; 

publication of research reports about us or the real estate industry or sector in which we operate; 

increases in market interest rates that lead purchasers of our shares to demand a higher dividend yield; 

changes in market valuations of companies similar to us; 

adverse market reaction to any securities we may issue or additional debt we incur in the future; 

adverse impacts of the coronavirus on our tenants or the economy in general; 

additions or departures of key management personnel; 

actions by institutional stockholders; 

speculation in the press or investment community; 

high levels of volatility in the credit markets; 

the realization of any of the other risk factors included herein; and 

general market and economic conditions. 

In the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. Accordingly, we may be the target of securities related litigation or other similar litigation in the future. Litigation of this type could result in substantial costs and diversion of management s attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Any adverse determination in litigation could also subject us to significant liabilities. 
 
 We can provide no assurance that our common stock and warrants will continue to meet Nasdaq listing requirements. If we fail to comply with the continuing listing standards of Nasdaq, our securities could be delisted. 
 Our shares of common stock and warrants are currently listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq ). For our securities to continue to be listed on the Nasdaq, we must meet the current Nasdaq continued listing requirements. If we were unable to meet these requirements, our securities could be delisted from the Nasdaq. Any such delisting of our securities could have an adverse effect on the market price of, and the efficiency of the trading market for, our securities, not only in terms of the number of shares and warrants that can be bought and sold at a given price, but also through delays in the timing of transactions and less coverage of us by securities analysts, if any. Also, if in the future we were to determine that we need to seek additional equity capital, it could have an adverse effect on our ability to raise capital in the public or private equity markets. 
 Because we have 110.0 million authorized shares of stock, management could issue additional shares, diluting the current shareholders equity. 
 We have 100.0 million authorized shares of common stock and 10.0 million authorized shares of preferred stock. Our management could, without the consent of the existing shareholders, issue substantially more shares of common stock, causing a large dilution in the equity position of our current shareholders. Additionally, large share issuances would generally have a negative impact on the value of our shares, which could cause you to lose a substantial amount, or all, of your investment. 
 Holders of the warrants have no rights as a common stockholder until they acquire our common stock. 
 Until holders of our warrants acquire shares of our common stock upon exercise of the warrants, the holders will, with certain limited exceptions, have no rights with respect to shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. Upon exercise of the warrants, the holder will be entitled to exercise the rights of a common stockholder as to the security exercised only as to matters for which the record date occurs after the exercise. 
 The exclusive forum clause set forth in the warrants may have the effect of limiting an investor s rights to bring legal action against us and could limit the investor s ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. 
 Our outstanding warrants provide for investors to consent to exclusive forum to state or federal courts located in New York, New York. This exclusive forum may have the effect of limiting the ability of investors to bring a legal claim against us due to geographic limitations and may limit an investor s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us. Alternatively, if a court were to find this exclusive forum provision inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in the warrant limits or restricts the federal district court in which a holder of a warrant may bring a claim under the federal securities laws. 
 
 29 
 
 Provisions of our warrants could discourage an acquisition of us by a third party. 
 Certain provisions of our warrants could make it more difficult or expensive for a third party to acquire us. The warrants prohibit us from engaging in certain transactions constituting fundamental transactions unless, among other things, the surviving entity assumes our obligations under the warrants. These and other provisions of our warrants could prevent or deter a third party from acquiring us even where the acquisition could be beneficial to you. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us and our business. If no analysts commence coverage of us, or if analysts commence and then cease coverage of us, the trading price for our common stock would be negatively affected. If one or more of the analysts publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the price for our common stock would likely decline. 
 We are an emerging growth company and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies including, but not limited to, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. In addition, we have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. This election allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to those of companies that comply with public company effective dates for such new or revised accounting standards. Further, we cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 
 We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the end of the fiscal year in which the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million, (ii) the end of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of 1.07 billion or more during such fiscal year, (iii) the date on which we issue more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt in a three-year period or (iv) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of our common stock pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act. 
 The limits on the percentage of shares of our common stock that any person may own may discourage a takeover or business combination that could otherwise benefit our stockholders. 
 Our charter, with certain exceptions, authorizes our Board to take such actions as are necessary and desirable to preserve our qualification as a REIT. Unless exempted by our Board, no person may own more than 9.8 in value of our outstanding capital stock or more than 9.8 in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of our outstanding common stock. A person that did not acquire more than 9.8 of our shares may become subject to our charter restrictions if redemptions by other stockholders cause such person s holdings to exceed 9.8 of our outstanding shares. Our 9.8 ownership limitation may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us, including an extraordinary transaction (such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets) that might provide a premium price for our stockholders. 
 Our charter permits our Board to issue stock with terms that may subordinate the rights of the holders of our common stock or discourage a third party from acquiring us in a manner that could result in a premium price to our stockholders. 
 Our Board may classify or reclassify any unissued common stock or preferred stock into other classes or series of stock and establish the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications and terms or conditions of redemption of any such stock without stockholder approval. Thus, our Board could authorize the issuance of preferred stock with terms and conditions that could have priority as to distributions and amounts payable upon liquidation over the rights of the holders of our common stock. Such preferred stock could also have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us, including an extraordinary transaction (such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets) that might otherwise provide a premium price to holders of our common stock. 
 Our charter includes a provision that may discourage a stockholder from launching a tender offer for our shares. 
 Our charter provides that any tender offer made by a person, including any mini-tender offer, must comply with most provisions of Regulation 14D of the Exchange Act. The offeror must provide the Company notice of such tender offer at least 10 business days before initiating the tender offer. If the offeror does not comply with these requirements, no person may transfer any shares held by such person to the offeror without first offering the shares to us at the lowest of (1) the latest offering price of our common stock; (2) the fair market value of one share of our common stock as determined by an independent valuation; and (3) the lowest tender offer price offered in such tender offer. In addition, the noncomplying offeror person shall be responsible for all of the Company s expenses in connection with that 
 
 30 
 
 offeror s noncompliance. This provision of our charter may discourage a person from initiating a tender offer for our shares and prevent you from receiving a premium price for your shares in such a transaction. 
 Maryland law and our organizational documents limit our rights and the rights of our stockholders to recover claims against our directors and officers, which could reduce your and our recovery against them if they cause us to incur losses. 
 Maryland law provides that a director will not have any liability as a director so long as he or she performs his or her duties in accordance with the applicable standard of conduct. In addition, Maryland law and our charter provide that no director or officer shall be liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages unless the director or officer (1) actually received an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services or (2) was actively and deliberately dishonest as established by a final judgment as material to the cause of action. Moreover, our charter generally requires us to indemnify and advance expenses to our directors and officers for losses they may incur by reason of their service in those capacities unless their act or omission was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and was committed in bad faith or was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty, they actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services or, in the case of any criminal proceeding, they had reasonable cause to believe the act or omission was unlawful. Further, we expect to enter into separate indemnification agreements with each of our officers and directors. As a result, you and we may have more limited rights against our directors or officers than might otherwise exist under common law, which could reduce your and our recovery from these persons if they act in a manner that causes us to incur losses. In addition, we are obligated to fund the defense costs incurred by these persons in some cases. 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law could inhibit transactions or changes of control under circumstances that could otherwise provide stockholders with the opportunity to realize a premium. 
 Certain provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law applicable to us prohibit business combinations with: (1) any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of our outstanding voting stock, which we refer to as an interested stockholder; (2) an affiliate or associate of ours who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of our then outstanding stock, which we also refer to as an interested stockholder; or (3) an affiliate of an interested stockholder. These prohibitions last for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder became an interested stockholder. Thereafter, any business combination with the interested stockholder or an affiliate of the interested stockholder must be recommended by our Board and approved by the affirmative vote of at least 80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of our outstanding voting stock, and two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of our voting stock other than shares held by the interested stockholder or its affiliate with whom the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder. These requirements could have the effect of inhibiting a change in control even if a change in control were in our stockholders best interest. These provisions of Maryland law do not apply, however, to business combinations that are approved or exempted by our Board prior to the time that someone becomes an interested stockholder. Pursuant to the business combination statute, our Board has exempted any business combination involving us and any person, provided that such business combination is first approved by a majority of our Board. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLV ED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 ITEM 2. PR OPERTIES 
 The following are characteristics of our properties as of December 31, 2022: 
 Creditworthy Tenants . Approximately 64 of our portfolio s annualized rent as of December 31, 2022 was derived from tenants that have (or whose parent company has) an investment grade credit rating from a recognized credit rating agency of BBB- or better. Our largest tenants are the General Service Administration, PRA Holdings, Inc., Pratt Whitney Automation, Inc., and Kohl's Corporation and contributed approximately 62 of our portfolio s annualized base rent as of December 31, 2022. 

100 Occupied . Our portfolio is 100 leased and occupied. 

Contractual Rent Growth . Approximately 93 of the leases in our current portfolio (based on annualized base rent as of December 31, 2022) provide for increases in contractual base rent during future years of the current term or during the lease extension periods. 

Average Effective Annual Rental per Square Foot . Average effective annual rental per square foot is 16.07. 

31 
 
 Geographic Diversification Table 
 The following tables show a list of properties grouped by the state where each of our investments are located. 

State 
 # of Properties 
 
 Square Feet 
 
 of Total Square Feet 
 
 2022 Annual Base Rent 
 
 of Total Annual Base Rent 

Alabama 
 
 1 

59,091 

17 

684,996 

13 

Arizona 
 
 1 

88,408 

26 

823,962 

15 

Colorado 
 
 1 

30,701 

9 

353,061 

6 

District of Columbia 
 
 1 

3,000 

1 

129,804 

2 

Florida 
 
 4 

16,168 

5 

617,941 

11 

Illinois 
 
 2 

26,235 

8 

595,502 

11 

North Carolina 
 
 1 

7,543 

2 

161,346 

3 

Virginia 
 
 2 

106,996 

32 

2,067,647 

39 

13 

338,142 

100 

5,434,259 

100 

Tenants as of December 31, 2022 

Tenant 
 # of Leases 
 
 Square Feet 
 
 of Total Square Feet 
 
 2022 Annual Base Rent 
 
 of Total Annual Base Rent 

7-Eleven Corporation 
 
 1 

3,000 

1 

129,804 

2 

A.P. Moller - Maersk 
 
 1 

22,247 

7 

375,588 

8 

Best Buy Co., Inc. 
 
 1 

30,701 

9 

353,061 

6 

Fresenius Medical Care Holdings, Inc. 
 
 1 

10,947 

3 

228,902 

4 

General Services Administration of the USA 
 
 2 

57,445 

17 

1,088,269 

20 

Kohl's Corporation 
 
 1 

88,408 

26 

823,962 

15 

La-Z-Boy Inc. 
 
 1 

15,288 

5 

366,600 

7 

PRA Group, Inc. 
 
 1 

34,847 

11 

765,136 

14 

Pratt Whitney Automation, Inc. 
 
 1 

59,091 

17 

684,996 

13 

Irby Construction 
 
 1 

7,826 

2 

160,437 

3 

Sherwin Williams Company 
 
 1 

3,500 

1 

126,788 

2 

Starbucks Corporation 
 
 2 

4,842 

1 

330,716 

6 

14 

338,142 

100 

5,434,259 

100 

Lease Expiration as of December 31, 2022 
 The following table sets forth lease expirations for our properties assuming that none of the tenants exercise their renewal options. 

Year 
 # of Leases 
 
 Square Feet 
 
 of Total Square Feet 
 
 2022 Annual Base Rent 
 
 of Total Annual Base Rent 

2023 
 
 1 

22,247 

7 

375,588 

7 

2024 
 
 1 

7,826 

2 

160,437 

3 

2025 
 
 - 

- 

0 

- 

0 

2026 
 
 2 

13,947 

4 

358,706 

7 

2027 
 
 4 

83,478 

25 

1,633,013 

29 

2028 
 
 3 

55,602 

16 

1,236,211 

23 

2029 
 
 2 

66,634 

20 

846,342 

16 

2030 
 
 1 

88,408 

26 

823,962 

15 

14 

338,142 

100 

5,434,259 

100 

Physical Occupancy Table for Last 5 Years 
 All properties have been 100 occupied through December 31, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we may be party to various lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. We are not currently subject to any lawsuits, claims or other legal proceedings. 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAF ETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 32 
 
 PART II. 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STO CKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Market Information 
 
 Our units, each consisting of one share of common stock and one warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of 10.00 per share, began trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market on September 8, 2021. On October 1, 2021, the units mandatorily separated into common stock and warrants and ceased trading. On October 4, 2021, the common stock and warrants included in the units commenced trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols GIPR and GIPRW, respectively. As of March 17, 2023, we had 96 shareholders of record. This figure does not represent the actual number of beneficial owners of our common stock because shares of our common stock are frequently held in street name by securities dealers and others for the benefit of beneficial owners who may vote the shares. 
 
 Use of Proceeds from Public Offering 
 On September 2, 2021, we entered into an Underwriting Agreement with Maxim Group LLC on behalf of itself and as representative of the underwriters named therein (the Underwriting Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company issued and sold, in an underwritten public offering (the Public Offering ), 1,500,000 units consisting of one share of common stock, 0.01 par value per share Common Stock ), and one warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock (the Investor Warrants ). The units were sold to the public at the price of 10.00 per unit and were offered by the Company pursuant to the registration statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-235707), which was declared effective on September 2, 2021 (the Registration Statement ). The shares of Common Stock and Investor Warrants comprising the units began separate trading 31 days from the date the registration statement was declared effective. On September 8, 2021, the Public Offering closed, resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of approximately 15,000,000, before deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses. The Company also granted to the underwriter a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 225,000 units. On September 30, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional 165,000 units, generating gross proceeds of 1,650,000. The Company received total net proceeds in the Public Offering of approximately 13.8 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other expenses of approximately 2.9 million incurred during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. As of December 31, 2022, all of the proceeds have been used to finance the acquisition of properties and general corporate purposes. None of the underwriting discounts and commissions or offering expenses were incurred or paid, directly or indirectly, to any of our directors or officers or their associates or to persons owning 10 or more of our common stock or to any of our affiliates. 
 The Investor Warrants issued in the Public Offering entitle the holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price equal to 10.00 upon the first separate trading day of the warrants for a period of five years. The Investor Warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis if there is no effective registration statement available for the resale of the shares of common stock underlying such warrants. In addition, after 120 days after the Investor Warrants are issued, any Investor Warrant may be exercised on a cashless basis for 10 of the shares of common stock underlying the Investor Warrant if the volume-weighted average trading price of the Company s shares of common stock on Nasdaq is below the then-effective exercise price of the Investor Warrant for 10 consecutive trading days. 
 The Company agreed to an underwriting discount of 9 of the public offering price of the Units sold in the Public Offering. In addition, the Company issued to Maxim Group LLC (or its designee) warrants to purchase 149,850 shares of Common Stock, which is equal to an aggregate of 9 of the number of shares of Common Stock sold in the Public Offering (the Representative s Warrants ). The Representative s Warrants have an exercise price equal to 12.50, which is 125 of the offering price in the Public Offering. The Representative s Warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and will be exercisable six months following the closing date and until September 2, 2026. 
 
 Distributions 
 The U.S. federal income tax laws require that a REIT distribute annually at least 90 of its REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gains, and that it pay tax at U.S. federal corporate income tax rates to the extent that it annually distributes less than 100 of its REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and including any net capital gains. In addition, a REIT will be required to pay a 4 nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which the distributions it makes in a calendar year are less than the sum of 85 of its ordinary income, 95 of its capital gain net income, and 100 of its undistributed income from prior years. 
 Although we anticipate making monthly distributions to our stockholders, our board of directors has the sole discretion to determine the timing and amount of any distributions to our stockholders. As such, we cannot provide any assurance as to the amount or timing of future distributions. If our operations do not generate sufficient cash flow to enable us to pay our intended or required distributions, we may be 
 
 33 
 
 required either to fund distributions from working capital, borrowings, proceeds from the sale of equity securities or to reduce the amount of such distributions. Because we have not yet generated a profit, distributions to date have been made from offering proceeds. To be able to pay such dividends, our goal is to generate cash distributions from operating cash flow and proceeds from the sale of properties. However, until we generate sufficient cash flows, we expect our distributions will be from a combination of operating cash flows and offering proceeds. 
 Distributions made by us will be authorized and determined by our board of directors in its sole discretion out of funds legally available therefor and will be dependent upon a number of factors, including restrictions under applicable law and other factors described below. We cannot assure you that our distributions will be made or sustained or that our board of directors will not change our distribution policy in the future. Any distributions that we pay in the future will depend upon our actual results of operations, economic conditions, debt service requirements, capital expenditures and other factors that could differ materially from our current expectations. Our actual results of operations will be affected by a number of factors, including our revenue, operating expenses, interest expense and unanticipated expenditures. 
 From inception through December 31, 2022, we have distributed 2,655,755 to common stockholders. In addition, on January 3, 2023, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized a distribution of 0.039 per share monthly cash distribution for shareholders of record of our common stock as of January 15, 2023, February 15, 2023 and March 15, 2023. January and February distributions were paid on January 30, 2023 and February 28, 2023 respectively, and we expect to pay March dividends on or about March 30, 2023. Because we have not yet generated a cumulative profit, distributions have been made from proceeds from prior capital raises. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 ITEM 6. [R ESERVED] 
 
 34 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS O F FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 We make statements in this section that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. For a complete discussion of forward-looking statements, see the section above entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Summary Risk Factors. Certain risk factors may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the following discussion. For a discussion of such risk factors, see Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 Overview 
 We are an internally managed, Maryland corporation focused on acquiring retail, office and industrial real estate located in major U.S. markets. We initiated operations during the year ended December 31, 2015 and we elected to be taxed as a REIT for federal income tax purposes commencing with our taxable year ending December 31, 2021. 
 Public Offering and Nasdaq Listing 
 In September 2021, the Company closed an underwritten public offering of 1,665,000 units at a price to the public of 10 per unit generating net proceeds of 13.8 million including issuance costs incurred during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Each unit consisted of one share of common stock and one warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price equal to 10 per share. The common stock and warrants included in the units (which were separated into one share of common stock and one warrant) currently trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq under the symbols GIPR and GIPRW, respectively. 
 Our Investments 
 The following are characteristics of our properties as of December 31, 2022: 
 Creditworthy Tenants . Approximately 64 of our portfolio s annualized rent as of December 31, 2022 was derived from tenants that have (or whose parent company has) an investment grade credit rating from a recognized credit rating agency of BBB- or better. Our largest tenants are the General Service Administration, PRA Holdings, Inc., Pratt Whitney Automation, Inc., and Kohl's Corporation and contributed approximately 62 of our portfolio s annualized base rent as of December 31, 2022. 

100 Occupied . Our portfolio is 100 leased and occupied. 

Contractual Rent Growth . 93 of the leases in our current portfolio (based on annualized base rent as of December 31, 2022) provide for increases in contractual base rent during future years of the current term or during the lease extension periods. 

Average Effective Annual Rental per Square Foot . Average effective annual rental per square foot is 16.07. 

Given the nature of our leases, our tenants either pay the real estate taxes directly or reimburse us for such costs. We believe all of our properties are adequately covered by insurance. 
 The table below presents an overview of the properties in our portfolio as of December 31, 2022: 

35 

Property Type 
 Location 
 Rentable Square Feet 
 
 Tenant 
 S P Credit Rating (1) 
 Remaining Term (Yrs) 
 
 Options (Number x Yrs) 
 Contractual Rent Escalations (7) 
 ABR (2) 
 
 ABR per Sq. Ft. 

Retail 
 Washington, D.C 
 
 3,000 
 
 7-Eleven Corporation 
 A 
 
 3.2 
 
 2 x 5 
 Yes 
 
 129,804 

43.27 

Retail 
 Tampa, FL 
 
 2,200 
 
 Starbucks Corporation 
 BBB+ 
 
 5.2 
 
 4 x 5 
 Yes 
 
 182,500 

82.95 

Industrial 
 Huntsville, AL 
 
 59,091 
 
 Pratt Whitney Automation, Inc. (6) 
 A- 
 
 6.1 
 
 2 x 5 
 Yes 
 
 684,996 

11.59 

Office 
 Norfolk, VA 
 
 49,902 
 
 General Services Administration-Navy 
 AA+ 
 
 5.7 
 
 N/A 
 Yes 
 
 926,923 

18.57 

Office 
 Norfolk, VA 
 
 22,247 
 
 Maersk Shipping (5) 
 BBB+ 
 
 0.1 
 
 1 x 5 
 N/A 
 
 375,588 

16.88 

Office 
 Norfolk, VA 
 
 34,847 
 
 PRA Holdings, Inc. (3) 
 BB+ 
 
 4.7 
 
 1 x 5 
 Yes 
 
 765,136 

21.96 

Retail 
 Tampa, FL 
 
 3,500 
 
 Sherwin Williams Company 
 BBB 
 
 5.6 
 
 5 x 5 
 Yes 
 
 126,788 

36.23 

Office 
 Manteo, NC 
 
 7,543 
 
 General Services Administration-FBI 
 AA+ 
 
 6.1 
 
 1 x 5 
 Yes 
 
 161,346 

21.39 

Office 
 Plant City, FL 
 
 7,826 
 
 Irby Construction 
 BBB- 
 
 2.0 
 
 2 x 5 
 Yes 
 
 160,437 

20.50 

Retail 
 Grand Junction, CO 
 
 30,701 
 
 Best Buy Co., Inc. 
 BBB+ 
 
 4.2 
 
 1 x 5 
 Yes 
 
 353,061 

11.50 

Medical-Retail 
 Chicago, IL 
 
 10,947 
 
 Fresenius Medical Care Holdings, Inc. 
 BBB- 
 
 3.8 
 
 2 x 5 
 Yes 
 
 228,902 

20.91 

Retail 
 Tampa, FL 
 
 2,642 
 
 Starbucks Corporation 
 BBB+ 
 
 4.2 
 
 2 x 5 
 Yes 
 
 148,216 

56.10 

Retail 
 Tucson, AZ 
 
 88,408 
 
 Kohl's Corporation 
 BB+ 
 
 7.1 
 
 7 x 5 
 Yes 
 
 823,962 

9.32 

Tenants - Consolidated Properties 

322,854 

5,067,659 

15.70 

Retail (4) 
 Rockford, IL 
 
 15,288 
 
 La-Z-Boy Inc. 
 Not Rated 
 
 4.8 
 
 4 x 5 
 Yes 
 
 366,600 

23.98 

Tenants - All Properties 

338,142 

5,434,259 

16.07 

(1) Tenant, or tenant parent, rated entity. 

(2) Annualized cash base rental income in place as of December 31, 2022. Our leases do not include tenant concessions or abatements. 

(3) Tenant has the right to terminate the lease on August 31, 2024 subject to certain conditions. 

(4) The Company s pro-rata share is 50 of the tenancy-in-common investment. 

(5) Tenant did not exercise the renewal option as of the required exercise date of April 1, 2022 and vacated on January 31, 2023. 

(6) Tenant has the right to terminate the lease on January 31, 2024 subject to certain conditions. 

(7) Includes rent escalations available from lease renewal options. 

Recent Developments 
 On January 3, 2023, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized a distribution of 0.039 per share or per unit monthly cash distribution for shareholders and unitholders of record of our common stock and partnership units, respectively, as of January 15, 2023, February 15, 2023 and March 15, 2023. January and February distributions were paid on January 30, 2023 and February 28, 2023 respectively, and we expect to pay March dividends on or about March 30, 2023. 

Subsequent to December 31, 2022 but before the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, 106,480 Investor Warrants were exercised on a cashless basis for 10 of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Investor Warrant, as the volume-weighted average trading price of the Company s shares of Common Stock on Nasdaq was below the then-effective exercise price of the Investor Warrant for 10 consecutive trading days as of the date the Investor Warrants became exercisable. As such, 10,648 shares of common stock were issued upon exercise. 

Agreements with Brown Family Enterprises, LLC 

On February 8, 2023, the Operating Partnership entered into new Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreements for GIPVA 2510 Walmer Ave, LLC GIPVA 2510 and GIPVA 130 Corporate Blvd, LLC GIPVA 130 in which the Operating Partnership, as the sole member of GIPVA 2510 and GIPVA 130, admitted a new member, Brown Family Enterprises, LLC (the Purchaser ), through the issuance to Purchaser of membership interests in the form of Class A Preferred Units of GIPVA 2510 and GIPVA 130. GIPVA 2510 and GIPVA 130 (the Virginia SPEs hold the Company s Norfolk, Virginia properties. 
 
 Also on February 8, 2023, both of the Virginia SPEs and the Purchaser entered into Unit Purchase Agreements in which GIPVA 2510 issued and sold to the Purchaser 180,000 Class A Preferred Units at a price of 10.00 per unit for an aggregate price of 1,800,000, and GIPVA 130 issued and sold to the Purchaser 120,000 Class A Preferred units at a price of 10.00 per unit for 
 
 36 
 
 an aggregate price of 1,200,000. The Purchaser will be paid an annual 7 preferred return on the preferred units of the Virginia SPEs (the SPE Preferred Units ), payable on a monthly basis, and will share in approximately 16 of the equity in each of the Virginia SPEs. The Purchaser and the respective SPEs will both have the right to redeem the SPE Preferred Units after two (2) years for cash in the amount of the Purchaser s unreturned capital contribution and accrued but unpaid preferred return (the Redemption Price ), provided that Purchaser will have the right to take the Redemption Price (or any portion thereof) in common units of the Operating Partnership at a conversion price equal to 85 of the average trading price of the Company s common stock during the 30 trading days preceding redemption. The proceeds from the sale of the SPE Preferred Units were distributed to the Operating Partnership to fund the Operating Partnership s redemption obligations from two members of the Operating Partnership who redeemed a total of 123,965 units both on January 27, 2023 at 20 per unit in the aggregate amount of 2,479,301 and to fund general corporate expenses of the Operating Partnership. We funded the redemption obligations per the terms of the contribution agreement on February 9, 2023. As a result of this transaction, the Company may be required to reimburse federal, state and local income taxes incurred by the remaining partner as per a tax protection agreement although the Company is continuing to evaluate such impact, if any. 
 
 Agreement with LMB Owenton I, LLC 

O n February 7, 2023, the Operating Partnership entered into a Unit Issuance Agreement and Amendment to Contribution and Subscription Agreement (the LMB Agreement with LMB Owenton I LLC, the contributor of the Company s Tampa Starbucks property located at 10002 N Dale Mabry (the Contributor ), in which the Operating Partnership and the Contributor agreed to delay the Contributor s right to require the redemption of the Contributor s common units in the Operating Partnership until the third anniversary of the closing of the contribution of the Tampa Starbucks property, January 14, 2025, and for a reduced redemption price of 7.15 per common unit. Such agreement was made in consideration of the issuance to Contributor of an additional 44,228 common units in the Operating Partnership (the Additional OP Units ), resulting in Contributor owning an aggregate of 157,771 common units in the Operating Partnership. 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement 

On February 10, 2023, the Operating Partnership entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement with Harbor Terrace Limited Partnership to acquire an approximately 48,000 square foot single-tenant retail building in Overland Park, KS for total consideration of 8,200,000, which is expected to be funded with approximately 50 mortgage debt and 50 equity. The building is occupied by Best Buy, Inc., who holds an investment grade credit rating of BBB+ on the S P scale, and has approximately two years remaining on the current lease term, with one additional five year renewal option. The annual rent for the property is 630,994. The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and due diligence. 
 
 Restricted Stock Issuances 

On March 1, 2023, the board granted and the Company issued 98,593 restricted shares to directors, officers and employees effective March 1, 2023 valued at 5.68 per share that vest one-third on each anniversary of the grant date. The vested share restrictions will be removed upon the first annual anniversary of the award. 
 Results of Operations 
 Our management team s evaluation of operating results includes an assessment of our ability to generate cash flow necessary to pay operating expenses, general and administrative expenses, debt service, and to fund dividends to our stockholders. As a result, our management team s assessment of operating results gives less emphasis to the effects of unrealized gains and losses and other non-cash charges, such as depreciation and amortization and impairment charges, which may cause fluctuations in net income for comparable periods but have no impact on cash flows. Our management team s evaluation of our potential for generating cash flow includes on-going assessments of our existing portfolio of properties, our non-stabilized properties, long-term sustainability of our real estate portfolio, our future operating cash flow from anticipated acquisitions, and the proceeds from the sales of our real estate assets. 
 In addition, our management team evaluates our portfolio and individual properties results of operations with a primary focus on increasing and enhancing the value, quality and quantity of properties in our real estate holdings. Our management team focuses its efforts on improving underperforming assets through re-leasing efforts, including negotiation of lease renewals and rental rates. Properties that have reached goals in occupancy and rental rates are evaluated for potential added value appreciation and, if lacking such potential, are sold with the equity reinvested in properties that have better potential without foregoing cash flow. Our ability to increase assets under management is affected by our ability to raise borrowings and/or capital, coupled with our ability to identify appropriate investments. 
 
 37 
 
 Our results of operations for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are not indicative of those expected in future periods, as we expect that rental income, interest expense, rental operating expense, general and administrative expense, and depreciation and amortization will significantly change in future periods as a result of growth through future acquisitions of real estate related investments. 
 Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Revenue 
 For twelve months ended December 31, 2022, total revenue from operations was 5,432,462 as compared to 3,900,096 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. Revenue increased by 1,532,366 for the twelve-months ended December 31, 2022 from the acquisition of four additional properties partially offset by the revenue generated from one property sold in August 2021. 
 Expenses 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 expenses incurred were as follows: 

Twelve months ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Change 

General and administrative expense 
 
 1,647,987 

1,111,029 

536,958 

Building expenses 
 
 1,208,192 

768,182 

440,010 

Depreciation and amortization 
 
 2,110,975 

1,508,340 

602,635 

Interest expense, net 
 
 1,620,237 

1,310,950 

309,287 

Compensation costs 
 
 1,310,796 

849,701 

461,095 

Total expenses 
 
 7,898,187 

5,548,202 

2,349,985 

General and administrative expense increased by 536,958 due to an increase in legal and audit expense, an increase in corporate filing fees incurred for our first annual report and shareholders' meeting, an increase in insurance expense, and an increase in investor relations expense offset by a decrease in consulting services. 

Building expenses increased by 440,010 due to an increase in tenant reimbursable expenses incurred on behalf of tenants from the acquisition of four additional properties. Reimbursement revenues included in Rental income offset related Building expense. 

Depreciation and amortization increased by 602,635 from the acquisition of four additional properties offset in part by the expense incurred by one property sold in August 2021. 

Interest expense, net increased by 309,287 due to interest on the mortgage loans from the four additional properties offset by the reduction in interest expense due from the mortgage loans refinanced or adjusted to a lower interest rate and further offset by the interest expense from the mortgage loan associated with the one property sold in August 2021. Additionally, during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a guaranty fee expense payable to our President and CEO of 128,901 which was recorded to interest expense. No guaranty fee expense was incurred during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 

Compensation costs increased by 461,095 primarily due to an increase in restricted stock unit compensation expense related to accelerated vesting schedules for the former CFO upon his departure and the Board of Directors' restricted stock issuances in 2022. We also incurred additional salary expense for the increase in our President and CEO salary effective June 2022. 

Gain on Disposal of Property 
 
 On August 31, 2021 we sold our 15,000-square-foot, single tenant Walgreens in Cocoa Beach, Florida purchased in September 2019 for total net consideration of approximately 5.2 million and recognized a gain on the sale of 923,178. 
 Net Loss 
 For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we generated a net loss of 2,747,178 and 712,433, respectively. 
 Income on Investment in Tenancy in Common 
 For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our share of earnings on our investment in tenancy in common acquired in August of 2021 and accounted for under the equity method generated income of 37,298 and 12,495, respectively. 
 
 38 
 
 Net Loss Attributable to Non-controlling Interests 
 For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we allocated net income attributable to non-controlling interest of 490,462 and 513,581, respectively. The decrease is attributable to a decrease in the redeemable non-controlling interest for the property sold in August 2021 and a reduction for partners who redeemed certain non-controlling interests during the year. The decrease was offset by an increase from additional redeemable non-controlling interests issued to finance the acquisition of properties. 
 Net Loss Attributable to Common Shareholders 
 For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we generated a net loss attributable to our common shareholders of 3,237,640 and 1,226,014, respectively. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We require capital to fund our investment activities and operating expenses. Our capital sources may include net proceeds from offerings of our equity securities, cash flow from operations and borrowings under credit facilities. As of December 31, 2022, we had total cash (unrestricted and restricted) of 3,752,996, properties with a cost basis of 56,917,321 and outstanding debt of 36,733,878. 
 In September 2021, we closed an underwritten public offering of 1,665,000 units at a price to the public of 10 per unit generating net proceeds of 13.8 million including issuance costs incurred during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 On October 26, 2021, the Operating Partnership entered into a Commitment Letter with American Momentum Bank (the Lender for a 25 million master commitment credit facility (the Facility to be used for the acquisition of income producing real estate properties. Borrowings under the Facility will accrue interest at a variable rate equal to the Wall Street Journal Prime rate, adjusted monthly, subject to a floor interest rate of 3.25 per annum. On May 9, 2022, the Operating Partnership amended the Facility with the Lender, by entering into a new Facility, to increase the available borrowings from 25.0 million to 50.0 million to be used for the acquisition of income producing real estate properties under the same terms as provided by the agreement entered into on October 26, 2021. The new Commitment Letter will become effective contingent upon the Company completing a future capital raise of 25.0 million or more, and prior to such time, the current Commitment Letter will remain in place. On September 9, 2022, we and the Lender combined the prior commitment letters entered into in October 2021 and May 2022 into a single Commitment Letter, and have amended the rate index used for borrowing to be a variable rate equal to the 30-Day CME Term SOFR Rate, plus a margin of 2.40 , adjusted monthly, subject to a floor interest rate of 3.25 per annum. All other terms under the prior commitment letters remained materially the same. As of December 31, 2022 we did not have an outstanding balance on the Facility and as of December 31, 2021 we had borrowed approximately 2.4 million, respectively, under the Facility. 
 On April 1, 2022, we entered into two loan agreements with an aggregate balance of 13.5 million as of December 31, 2022 to refinance seven of the Company's properties. The loan agreements consist of one loan in the amount of 11.4 million secured by six properties and allocated to each property based on each property's appraised value, and one loan in the amount of 2.1 million on the property held in the tenancy-in-common investment at an interest rate of 3.85 from April 1, 2022 through and until March 31, 2027. Effective April 1, 2027 and through the maturity date of March 31, 2032, the interest rate adjusts to the 5-year Treasury plus 2.5 and is subject to a floor of 3.85 . During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred a loss on debt extinguishment of 144,029 related to the write off of unamortized debt issuance costs previously incurred on refinanced mortgage loans including a prepayment penalty incurred of 21,000. 
 Our President and CEO has personally guaranteed the repayment of the 11.0 million due under the 7-11 - Washington, DC; Starbucks-South Tampa, FL; and Pratt Whitney-Huntsville, AL loan as well as the 1.3 million loan secured by our Sherwin-Williams - Tampa, FL mortgage loan. In addition, our President and CEO has also provided a guaranty of the Borrower s nonrecourse carveout liabilities and obligations in favor of the lender for the GSA MAERSK and PRA Holdings, Inc. - Norfolk, VA mortgage loans with an aggregate principal amount of 12.3 million as well as six mortgage loans secured by the remaining properties within the portfolio with an aggregate principal amount of 11.4 million. The Company s CEO entered into a guaranty agreement pursuant to which he guaranteed the payment obligations under the promissory notes if they become due as a result of certain bad-boy provisions, individually and on behalf of the Operating Partnership. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a guaranty fee expense payable to our President and CEO of 128,901 recorded to interest expense. No guaranty fee expense was incurred during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 On August 9, 2022, we entered a Redemption Agreement with a unit holder. As such, we recorded an Other payable - related party in the amount of 2,912,300 upon execution of the Redemption Agreement entered into July 20, 2022 and made the first installment payment of 325,000 on September 13, 2022 with a remaining balance of 2,587,300 outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 On October 14, 2022, we entered into a loan transaction that is evidenced by a secured non-convertible promissory note to Brown Family Enterprises, LLC, a preferred equity partner and therefore a related party, for 1.5 million that is due on October 14, 2024, and bears a 
 
 39 
 
 fixed interest rate of 9 , simple interest. Interest is payable monthly. The loan may be repaid without penalty at any time. The loan is secured by the Operating Partnership s equity interest in its current direct subsidiaries that hold real estate assets pursuant to the terms of a security agreement between the Operating Partnership and Brown Family Enterprises, LLC. 
 
 We currently obtain the capital required to primarily invest in and manage a diversified portfolio of commercial net lease real estate investments and conduct our operations from the proceeds of equity offerings, debt financings, preferred minority interest obtained from third parties, issuance of Operating Partnership units and from any undistributed funds from our operations. 
 
 We anticipate that our current cash on hand and availability under the Facility combined with the revenue generated from investment properties and proceeds from debt arrangements will provide sufficient liquidity to meet future funding commitments for at least the next 12 months. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had total current liabilities that consists of accounts payable, accrued expenses, insurance payable of 714,354 and 369,902, respectively. Outstanding indebtedness consisted of the following as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

Mortgage Loans Secured By (Tenant-Location) 
 Loan Amount 

Interest Rate 

Maturity Date 
 2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Debt Service Coverage Ratios DSCR Required 

7-11 - Washington, DC; Starbucks-South Tampa, FL; and Pratt Whitney-Huntsville, Alabama 
 
 11,287,500 
 
 (a) 
 
 4.17 

3/6/2030 
 
 10,957,829 

11,150,130 

1.25 

GSA Maersk - Norfolk, Virginia 
 
 8,260,000 

3.50 

9/30/2024 
 
 7,578,304 

7,805,524 

1.25 

PRA Holdings, Inc. - Norfolk, Virginia 
 
 5,216,749 

3.50 

10/23/2024 
 
 4,728,462 

4,889,670 

1.25 

Sherwin-Williams - Tampa, Florida 
 
 1,286,664 

3.72 
 
 (b) 
 8/10/2028 
 
 1,286,664 

1,286,664 

1.20 

GSA - Manteo, North Carolina 
 
 928,728 
 
 (c) 
 
 3.85 
 
 (d) 
 3/31/2032 
 
 928,728 

1,275,000 

1.50 

Irby Construction - Plant City , Florida 
 
 928,728 
 
 (c) 
 
 3.85 
 
 (d) 
 3/31/2032 
 
 928,728 

850,000 

1.50 

Best Buy - Grand Junction, Colorado 
 
 2,552,644 
 
 (c) 
 
 3.85 
 
 (d) 
 3/31/2032 
 
 2,552,644 

2,350,000 

1.50 

Fresenius - Chicago, Illinois 
 
 1,727,108 
 
 (c) 
 
 3.85 
 
 (d) 
 3/31/2032 
 
 1,727,108 

- 

1.50 

Starbucks - North Tampa, Florida 
 
 1,298,047 
 
 (c) 
 
 3.85 
 
 (d) 
 3/31/2032 
 
 1,298,047 

- 

1.50 

Kohls - Tucson, Arizona 
 
 3,964,745 
 
 (c) 
 
 3.85 
 
 (d) 
 3/31/2032 
 
 3,964,745 

- 

1.50 

37,450,913 

35,951,259 

29,606,988 

Less Debt Issuance Costs, net 
 
 (717,381) 
 
 (637,693) 

35,233,878 

28,969,295 

(a) Loan subject to prepayment penalty 
 (b) Fixed via interest rate swap 
 (c) One loan in the amount of 11.4 million secured by six properties and allocated to each property based on each property's appraised value. 
 (d) Adjustment effective April 1, 2027 equal to 5-year Treasury plus 2.5 and subject to a floor of 3.85 
 
 We amortized debt issuance costs to interest expense during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 of 118,930 and 120,343, respectively. We paid debt issuance costs for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 of 342,647 and 69,780, respectively. 
 Each promissory note requires us to maintain certain debt service coverage ratios as noted above. In addition, one promissory note, encumbered by six properties and requiring a 1.50 DSCR, requires us to maintain a 54 loan to fair market stabilized value ratio. Fair market stabilized value shall be determined by the lender by reference to acceptable guides and indices or appraisals from time to time at its discretion. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants. 
 Minimum required principal payments on our outstanding debt for subsequent years ending December 31 are as follows: 

40 

Mortgage Loans 

Other Payable - Related Party 

Loan Payable - Related Party 
 
 Total as of December 31, 2022 

2023 
 
 785,524 

777,460 

- 

1,562,984 

2024 
 
 12,427,090 

1,809,840 

1,500,000 

15,736,930 

2025 
 
 546,280 

- 

- 

546,280 

2026 
 
 568,514 

- 

- 

568,514 

2027 
 
 591,656 

- 

- 

591,656 

Thereafter 
 
 21,032,195 

- 

- 

21,032,195 

35,951,259 

2,587,300 

1,500,000 

40,038,559 

On February 8, 2023, the Operating Partnership entered into new Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreements for GIPVA 2510 and GIPVA 130 in which the Operating Partnership, as the sole member of GIPVA 2510 and GIPVA 130, admitted a new member, Brown Family Enterprises, LLC (the Purchaser ), a preferred equity partner and therefore a related party, through the issuance to Purchaser of membership interests in the form of Class A Preferred Units of GIPVA 2510 and GIPVA 130. GIPVA 2510 and GIPVA 130 (the Virginia SPEs hold the Company s Norfolk, Virginia properties. 
 
 Also on February 8, 2023, both of the Virginia SPEs and the Purchaser entered into Unit Purchase Agreements in which GIPVA 2510 issued and sold to the Purchaser 180,000 Class A Preferred Units at a price of 10.00 per unit for an aggregate price of 1,800,000, and GIPVA 130 issued and sold to the Purchaser 120,000 Class A Preferred units at a price of 10.00 per unit for an aggregate price of 1,200,000. The Purchaser will be paid an annual 7 preferred return on the preferred units of the Virginia SPEs (the SPE Preferred Units ), payable on a monthly basis, and will share in approximately 16 of the equity in each of the Virginia SPEs. The Purchaser and the respective SPEs will both have the right to redeem the SPE Preferred Units after two (2) years for cash in the amount of the Purchaser s unreturned capital contribution and accrued but unpaid preferred return (the Redemption Price ), provided that Purchaser will have the right to take the Redemption Price (or any portion thereof) in common units of the Operating Partnership at a conversion price equal to 85 of the average trading price of the Company s common stock during the 30 trading days preceding redemption. The proceeds from the sale of the SPE Preferred Units were distributed to the Operating Partnership to fund the Operating Partnership s redemption obligations from two members of the Operating Partnership who redeemed a total of 123,965 units both on January 27, 2023 at 20 per unit in the aggregate amount of 2,479,301 and to fund general corporate expenses of the Operating Partnership. We funded the redemption obligations per the terms of the contribution agreement on February 9, 2023. 
 The primary objective of our financing strategy is to maintain financial flexibility using retained cash flows, long-term debt and common and perpetual preferred stock to finance our growth. We intend to have a lower-leveraged portfolio over the long-term after we have acquired an initial substantial portfolio of diversified investments. During the period when we are acquiring our current portfolio, we will employ greater leverage on individual assets (that will also result in greater leverage of the current portfolio) in order to quickly build a diversified portfolio of assets. 
 Cash from Operations Activities 
 Net cash provided by operations was 583,884 and used in operations was 173,762 during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The change is primarily due to an increase in accrued expenses as well as an increase in non-cash adjustments such as depreciation and amortization and the gain on sale of property in August 2021. 
 Cash from Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing was 13,281,248 and 3,930,685 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The change is primarily due to the acquisition of three properties in 2022 for 12,850,360 as compared to the acquisition of three properties in 2021 for 8,288,954 offset by the proceeds of 5,245,856 from the sale of one property during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 
 Cash from Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 5,826,284 and 13,606,159 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease is primarily due to the net proceeds from debt financing in 2022 of 7,844,271 as compared to the proceeds from the issuance of common stock and warrants in 2021 of 14,375,857. 
 
 41 
 
 Future Rental Payments 
 The following table presents future minimum rental cash payments due to the Company over the next five calendar years and thereafter as of December 31: 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2023 
 
 4,759,066 

2024 
 
 4,785,452 

2025 
 
 4,635,711 

2026 
 
 4,513,724 

2027 
 
 3,919,117 

Thereafter 
 
 5,210,921 

27,823,991 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We do not have any material off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 As a company primarily involved in owning income generating real estate assets, management considers the following accounting policies critical as they reflect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements and because they are important for understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. These judgments affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. With different estimates or assumptions, materially different amounts could be reported in our financial statements. Additionally, other companies may utilize different estimates that may impact the comparability of our results of operations to those of companies in similar businesses. 
 Investments in Real Estate . 
 Acquisitions of real estate are recorded at cost. The Company assigns the purchase price of real estate to tangible and intangible assets and liabilities based on fair value. Tangible assets consist of land, buildings, site improvements and tenant improvements. Intangible assets and liabilities consist of the value of in-place leases and above or below market leases assumed with the acquisition. At the time of acquisition, the Company assesses whether the purchase of the real estate falls within the definition of a business under Accounting Standards Codification ASC 805 and to date has concluded that all asset transactions are asset acquisitions. Therefore, each acquisition has been recorded at the purchase price whereas assets and liabilities, inclusive of closing costs, are allocated to land, building, site improvements, tenant improvements and intangible assets and liabilities based upon their relative fair values at the date of acquisition. 
 
 The fair value of the in-place leases are estimated as the cost to replace the leases including loss of rent, commissions and legal fees. The in-place leases are amortized over the remaining team of the leases as amortization expense. The fair value of the above- or below- market lease is estimated as the present value of the difference between the contractual amount to be paid pursuant to the in-place lease and the estimated current market lease rate expected over the remaining non-cancelable life of the lease. The capitalized above or below market lease values are amortized as a decrease or increase to rental income over the remaining term of the lease inclusive of the renewal option periods that are considered probable at acquisition. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Our reported results are presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). We also disclose funds from operations FFO ), adjusted funds from operations AFFO ), core funds from operations Core FFO and core adjusted funds of operations Core AFFO all of which are non-GAAP financial measures. We believe these non-GAAP financial measures are useful to investors because they are widely accepted industry measures used by analysts and investors to compare the operating performance of REITs. 
 
 FFO and related measures do not represent cash generated from operating activities and are not necessarily indicative of cash available to fund cash requirements; accordingly, they should not be considered alternatives to net income or loss as a performance measure or cash flows from operations as reported on our statement of cash flows as a liquidity measure and should be considered in addition to, and not in lieu of, GAAP financial measures. 

42 
 
 We compute FFO in accordance with the definition adopted by the Board of Governors of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT ). NAREIT defines FFO as GAAP net income or loss adjusted to exclude extraordinary items (as defined by GAAP), net gains from sales of depreciable real estate assets, impairment write-downs associated with depreciable real estate assets, and real estate related depreciation and amortization, including the pro rata share of such adjustments of unconsolidated subsidiaries. We then adjust FFO for non-cash revenues and expenses such as amortization of deferred financing costs, above and below market lease intangible amortization, straight line rent adjustment where the Company is both the lessor and lessee, and non-cash stock compensation to calculate Core AFFO. 
 
 FFO is used by management, investors, and analysts to facilitate meaningful comparisons of operating performance between periods and among our peers primarily because it excludes the effect of real estate depreciation and amortization and net gains on sales, which are based on historical costs and implicitly assume that the value of real estate diminishes predictably over time, rather than fluctuating based on existing market conditions. We believe that AFFO is an additional useful supplemental measure for investors to consider because it will help them to better assess our operating performance without the distortions created by other non-cash revenues or expenses. FFO and AFFO may not be comparable to similarly titled measures employed by other companies. We believe that Core FFO and Core AFFO are useful measures for management and investors because they further remove the effect of non-cash expenses and certain other expenses that are not directly related to real estate operations. We use each as measures of our performance when we formulate corporate goals. 
 
 As FFO excludes depreciation and amortization, gains and losses from property dispositions that are available for distribution to stockholders and extraordinary items, it provides a performance measure that, when compared year over year, reflects the impact to operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs, general and administrative expenses and interest costs, providing a perspective not immediately apparent from net income or loss. However, FFO should not be viewed as an alternative measure of our operating performance since it does not reflect either depreciation and amortization costs or the level of capital expenditures and leasing costs necessary to maintain the operating performance of our properties which could be significant economic costs and could materially impact our results from operations. Additionally, FFO does not reflect distributions paid to redeemable non-controlling interests. 
 
 The following tables reconcile net income (net loss), which we believe is the most comparable GAAP measure, to FFO, Core FFO, AFFO and Core AFFO: 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 

Net loss 
 
 (2,747,178) 
 
 (712,433) 

Gain on disposal of property 
 
 - 

(923,178) 

Depreciation and amortization 
 
 2,110,975 

1,508,340 

Funds From Operations 
 
 (636,203) 
 
 (127,271) 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 
 
 118,930 

120,343 

Non-cash stock compensation 
 
 421,882 

314,122 

Write-off of deferred financing cost 
 
 252,256 

- 

Adjustments to Funds From Operations 
 
 793,068 

434,465 

Core Funds From Operations 
 
 156,865 

307,194 

Net loss 
 
 (2,747,178) 
 
 (712,433) 

Gain on disposal of property 
 
 - 

(923,178) 

Depreciation and amortization 
 
 2,110,975 

1,508,340 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 
 
 118,930 

120,343 

Above and below-market lease amortization, net 
 
 (102,775) 
 
 (147,228) 

Straight line rent, net 
 
 53,193 

(12,633) 

Adjustments to net income (loss) 
 
 2,180,323 

545,644 

Adjusted Funds From Operations 
 
 (566,855) 
 
 (166,789) 

Dead deal expense 
 
 174,722 

- 

Loss on debt extinguishment 
 
 144,029 

- 

Non-cash stock compensation 
 
 421,882 

314,122 

Write-off of deferred financing cost 
 
 252,256 

- 

Adjustments to Adjusted Funds From Operations 
 
 992,889 

314,122 

Core Adjusted Funds From Operations 
 
 426,034 

147,333 

Net loss 
 
 (2,747,178) 
 
 (712,433) 

Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 
 
 (490,462) 
 
 (513,581) 

Net loss attributable to Generation Income Properties, Inc. 
 
 (3,237,640) 
 
 (1,226,014) 

43 
 
 Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act JOBS Act 
 In April 2012, the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act JOBS Act was enacted into law. The JOBS Act provides, among other things, exemptions for emerging growth companies from certain financial disclosure and governance requirements for up to five years. 
 In general, under the JOBS Act a company is an emerging growth company if its initial public offering IPO of common equity securities was effected after December 8, 2011 and the company had less than 1.07 billion of total annual gross revenues during its last completed fiscal year. We currently qualify as an emerging growth company, but will no longer qualify after the earliest of: 
 the last day of the fiscal year during which we have annual total gross revenues of 1.07 billion or more; 

the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the first sale of our common equity securities in an offering registered under the Securities Act; 

the date on which we issue more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt securities during a previous three-year period; or 

the date on which we become a large accelerated filer, which generally is a company with a public float of at least 700 million (Exchange Act Rule 12b-2). 

As an emerging growth company, we are eligible to include audited financial statements required for only two fiscal years and limited executive compensation information. 
 Pursuant to the relief for emerging growth companies under the JOBS Act, our independent registered public accounting firm is not required to file an attestation report on our internal controls over financial reporting and is exempt from the mandatory auditor rotation rules. 
 In addition, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standard. The decision by companies to opt out of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards is irrevocable. We are not electing to opt out of the JOBS Act extended accounting transition period. We intend to take advantage of the extended transition period provided under the JOBS Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. 
 To the extent we take advantage of the reduced disclosure requirements afforded by the JOBS Act, investors may be less likely to invest in us or may view our shares as a riskier investment than a similarly situated company that does not take advantage of these provisions. 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITA TIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to make disclosures under this item. 

44 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENT S AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 46 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 47 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 48 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 49 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 52 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 54 

45 
 
 Report of Independent Regist ered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 
 Generation Income Properties, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Generation Income Properties, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 
 www.malonebailey.com 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2015. 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 46 
 
 Generation Income Properties, I nc. Consolidated Balance Sheets 

As of December 31, 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Investments in real estate 

Land 

Building and site improvements 

Tenant improvements 

Acquired lease intangible assets 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 
 () 

() 

Net real estate investments 

Investment in tenancy-in-common 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Deferred rent asset 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts receivable 

Escrow deposits and other assets 

Right of use asset, net 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Equity 

Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued expense - related party 

Acquired lease intangible liabilities, net 

Insurance payable 

Deferred rent liability 

Lease liability, net 

Other payable - related party 

Loan payable - related party 

Mortgage loans, net of unamortized debt issuance costs of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Total liabilities 

Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests 

Stockholders' Equity 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 
 
 () 

() 

Total Generation Income Properties, Inc. Stockholders' equity 

Non-Controlling Interest 

Total equity 

Total Liabilities and Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 47 
 
 Generation Income Properties, Inc. Consoli dated Statements of Operations 

Other income 

Total revenue 

Expenses 

General and administrative expense 

Building expenses 

Depreciation and amortization 

Interest expense, net 

Compensation costs 

Total expenses 

Operating loss 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Income on investment in tenancy-in-common 

Gain on sale of property 

Dead deal expense 
 
 () 

Loss on debt extinguishment 
 
 () 

Net loss 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 

Net loss attributable to Generation Income Properties, Inc. 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Total Weighted Average Shares of Common Stock Outstanding Basic Diluted 

Basic Diluted Loss Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders 
 
 () 
 
 () 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

48 
 
 Generation Income Properties, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

49 

Common Stock 
 
 Additional Paid-In 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Stockholders' 
 
 Non-Controlling 

Redeemable Non-Controlling 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Capital 
 
 Deficit 
 
 Equity 
 
 Interest 
 
 Total Equity 
 
 Interest 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

() 

Restricted stock unit compensation 

- 

- 

- 

Common stock issued for services 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs 

- 

- 

- 

Redemption of common stock 

() 
 
 () 

- 

() 
 
 - 

() 
 
 - 

Issuance of Redeemable Non-Controlling Interest for property acquisition 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Redemption of Redeemable Non-Controlling Interest 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Distribution on Non-Controlling Interest 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Dividends paid on common stock 

- 

- 

() 
 
 - 

() 
 
 - 

() 
 
 - 

Net (loss) income for the period 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

() 

Restricted stock unit compensation 

- 

- 

- 

Stock issuance costs 

- 

- 

() 
 
 - 

() 
 
 - 

() 
 
 - 

Cashless exercise of warrants 

() 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of Redeemable Non-Controlling Interest for property acquisition 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Redemption of Redeemable Non-Controlling Interest 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

50 

Common stock issued to redeem non-controlling interest 

- 

- 

() 

Issuance of other payable for redemption of non-controlling interest 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Distribution on Non-Controlling Interest 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Dividends paid on common stock 

- 

- 

() 
 
 - 

() 
 
 - 

() 
 
 - 

Net (loss) income for the period 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 51 
 
 Generation Income Properties, Inc. C onsolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

52 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Depreciation 

Amortization of acquired lease intangible assets 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Amortization of below market leases 

() 

() 

Amortization of above market ground lease 

() 

Common stock issued for services 

Restricted stock unit compensation 

Non-cash ground lease expense 

Income on investment in tenancy-in-common 

() 

() 

Gain on sale of property 

() 

Dead deal expense 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

Write-off of deferred financing cost 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

Other assets 

() 

() 

Deferred rent asset 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

Accrued expenses 

() 

Accrued expense - related party 

Lease liability 

Deferred rent liability 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of land, buildings, other tangible and intangible assets 

() 

() 

Escrow return (deposit) for purchase of properties 

() 

Investment in tenancy-in-common 

() 

() 

Distribution from tenancy-in-common 

Proceeds from sale of property 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock and warrants 

Proceeds from issuance of redeemable interest 

Redemption of redeemable non-controlling interests 

() 

() 

Proceeds from loan payable - related party 

Repayment on other payable - related party 

() 

Repayment on loan payable - related party 

() 

Mortgage loan borrowings 

Mortgage loan repayments 

() 

() 

Stock issuance costs 

() 

Deferred financing costs 

() 

Debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Insurance financing borrowings 

Insurance financing repayments 

() 

() 

Distribution on non-controlling interests 

() 

() 

Dividends paid on common stock 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash - beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash - end of period 

CASH TRANSACTIONS 

Interest Paid 

NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS 

Stock issued for accrued liabilities 

Stock issued for cashless exercise of Investor Warrants 

Deferred distribution on redeemable non-controlling interests 

Recognition of right of use assets and lease liabilities for ground lease related to property acquisition 

Issuance of Other payable - related party for Redemption of Non-Controlling Interest 

Common stock issued to redeem non-controlling interest 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 53 
 
 GENERATION INCOME PROPERTIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLI DATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 . The Company is an internally managed real estate investment company focused on acquiring and managing income-producing retail, office and industrial properties net leased to high quality tenants in major markets throughout the United States. The Company formed Generation Income Properties L.P. (the Operating Partnership in . Substantially all of the Company s assets are held by, and operations are conducted through the Operating Partnership. The Company is the general partner of the Operating Partnership and as of December 31, 2022 owned of the outstanding common units of the Operating Partnership. The Company formed a Maryland entity GIP REIT OP Limited LLC in 2018 that owns of the Operating Partnership. The Company places each property in a separate entity which may have a Redeemable Non-Controlling interest as a member. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , the Company, the Operating Partnership, and their controlled subsidiaries on a consolidated basis owned properties and held partial interests in additional property through a tenancy-in-common investment. 

As of December 31, 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

of costs associated with the Company s public equity raise that closed on September 8, 2021. These deferred offering costs were reclassified to additional paid in capital in connection with the successful offering during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 , the Company expensed of stock issuance costs originally recorded to Deferred Financing Costs for professional fees incurred for filings no longer intended. 

The Company reviews the collectability of charges under its tenant operating leases on a regular basis, taking into consideration changes in factors such as the tenant s payment history, the financial condition of the tenant, business conditions in the industry in which the tenant operates and economic conditions in the area where the property is located. In the event that collectability exists with respect to any tenant changes, the Company would recognize an adjustment to rental income. The Company s review of collectability of charges under its operating leases includes any accrued rental revenues related to the straight-line rents. There were no allowances for receivables recorded during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company s leases provide for reimbursement from tenants for common area maintenance CAM ), insurance, real estate taxes and other operating expenses. A portion of our operating cost reimbursement revenue is estimated each period and is recognized as rental income in the period the recoverable costs are incurred and accrued. The Company often recognizes above- and below-market lease intangibles in connection with acquisitions of real estate. The capitalized above- and below-market lease intangibles are amortized over the remaining term of the related leases. 

and , and site improvements, which are generally years. Tenant improvements are amortized over the lease terms of the tenants, which is generally between and . 
 
 impairments during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The valuation of impaired assets is determined using valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis, analysis of recent comparable sales transactions, and purchase offers received from third parties, which are Level 3 inputs. The Company may consider a single valuation technique or multiple valuation techniques, as appropriate, when estimating the fair value of its real estate. Estimating future cash flows is highly subjective and estimates can differ materially from actual results. A loss in value of investments in real estate partnerships under the equity method of accounting, other than a temporary decline, must be recognized in the period in which the loss occurs. If the Company identifies events or circumstances that indicate that the value of the Company's investment may be impaired, it evaluates the investment by calculating the estimated fair value of the investment by discounting estimated future cash flows over the expected term of the investment. There were no impairments in the Company's Investment in tenancy-in-common during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 liability for unrecognized tax benefits was recorded as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. At December 31, 2022, the Company's tax returns for the years 2018 forward remain subject to examination by the major tax jurisdictions under the statute of limitations. 

, the Company acquired an approximately square foot single tenant medical-retail property leased to Fresenius Medical Care (NYSE: FMS) located in Chicago, Illinois. The acquisition was financed with a promissory note and the balance with cash on hand. On , the Company acquired an approximately square foot single tenant retail property leased to Starbucks Coffee (NASDAQ: SBUX) located in Tampa, Florida. The acquisition was financed with the issuance of a redeemable non-controlling interest of , debt of and the balance with cash on hand. On , the Company acquired a leasehold interest in a ground lease and corresponding assignment of an approximately square foot single tenant retail property leased to Kohl's Corporation (NYSE: KSS) located in Tucson, Arizona. The acquisition was financed with a promissory note and the balance with cash on hand. 

Building and site improvements 

Tenant improvements 

Acquired lease intangible assets 

Total real estate investments 

Right of use asset 

Less: Acquired lease intangible liabilities 
 
 () 

() 

() 

() 

Less: Lease liability 

() 

() 

Total real estate investments, net 

On , the Company acquired an approximately square foot single tenant office property leased to the General Services Administration located in Manteo, North Carolina. The acquisition was financed with the issuance of a redeemable non-controlling interest of and debt of . On , the Company acquired an approximately square foot single tenant office property leased to Irby Construction located in Plant City, Florida. The acquisition was financed with the issuance of a redeemable non-controlling interest of and debt of . On , the Company acquired an approximately square foot single tenant property leased to Best Buy Co., Inc. in Grand Junction, Colorado. The acquisition was financed with a promissory note and the balance with cash on hand. 

GSA-Manteo, NC 

Irby Construction-Plant City, FL 

Best Buy Co., Inc.-Grand Junction, CO 

Total 

Land 

Building and site improvements 

Acquired lease intangible assets 

Total real estate investments 

Less Acquired lease intangible liabilities 
 
 () 

() 

Total real estate investments, net 

Dispositions: 

Building and site improvements 

Acquired lease intangible assets 

Total real estate investments 

Less Accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 
 () 

Less Acquired lease intangible liability, net 
 
 () 

Net book value of property upon sale 

The property was located in Cocoa Beach, FL and was sold on August 31, 2021 for approximately and recognized a gain of approximately . 

Accumulated amortization 
 
 () 

() 

Acquired lease intangible assets, net 

The amortization for lease intangible assets for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

58 

Accumulated accretion to Rental income 
 
 () 

() 

Acquired lessor lease intangible liabilities, net 

Acquired lessee lease intangible liabilities 

- 

Accumulated amortization to offset Building expenses 
 
 () 

- 

Acquired lessee lease intangible liabilities, net 

- 

The amortization for acquired lessor lease intangible liabilities for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

The amortization for acquired lessee lease intangible liabilities for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

59 
 
 in Cocoa Beach, FL, one of the Company s operating subsidiaries entered into a preferred equity agreement with Brown Family Trust on September 11, 2019 pursuant to which the Company s subsidiary received a capital contribution of . internal rate of return IRR on a monthly basis and redeem the entire amount due after 24 months at the option of the preferred equity member. The Operating Partnership, Generation Income Properties, LP, was the general manager of the subsidiary while Brown Family Trust was a preferred member. Because of the redemption right, the non-controlling interest was presented as temporary equity at redemption value. The Company redeemed the Brown Family Trust Redeemable Non-Controlling Interest upon the sale of the property in August 2021. As part of the Company s acquisition of a property for approximately in Manteo, NC, one of the Company s operating subsidiaries entered into a preferred equity agreement with Brown Family Trust on February 11, 2021 pursuant to which the Company s subsidiary received a capital contribution of . IRR on a monthly basis and redeem the entire amount due after 24 months at the option of the preferred equity member. The Operating Partnership, Generation Income Properties, LP, is the general manager of the subsidiary while Brown Family Trust is a preferred member. Because of the redemption right, the non-controlling interest in presented as temporary equity at redemption value. The current redemption amount is . Distributable operating funds are distributed first to Brown Family Trust until the unpaid preferred return is paid off and then to the Company. As part of the Company s acquisition of a property for approximately in Plant City, FL, one of the Company s operating subsidiaries entered into a preferred equity agreement with preferred equity partners (Irby Prop Partners) on April 21, 2021 pursuant to which the Company s subsidiary received a capital contribution of . total IRR with an IRR paid on a monthly basis and the deferred IRR will be paid at the end of 24 months along with the entire amount due after 24 months at the option of the preferred equity member. The Operating Partnership, Generation Income Properties, LP, is the general manager of the subsidiary. Because of the redemption right, the non-controlling interest in presented as temporary equity at redemption value. The current redemption amount is . Distributable operating funds are distributed first to the preferred equity partners until the unpaid preferred return is paid off and then to the Company. As part of the Company s investment in a tenancy-in-common for approximately in Rockford, IL, one of the Company s operating subsidiaries entered into a preferred equity agreement with preferred equity partner (Mr. Hornstrom) on August 2, 2021 pursuant to which the Company s subsidiary received a capital contribution of . total IRR with an IRR paid on a monthly basis and the deferred IRR will be paid at the end of 24 months along with the entire amount due after 24 months at the option of the preferred equity member. The Operating Partnership, Generation Income Properties, LP, is the general manager of the subsidiary. Because of the redemption right, the non-controlling interest in presented as temporary equity at redemption value. The current redemption amount is . Distributable operating funds are distributed first to the preferred equity partners until the unpaid preferred return is paid off and then to the Company. Each of the preferred equity members described above may redeem their interest on or after the Redemption date (second year anniversary of the closing of the acquisition), at the discretion of such Preferred Member, as applicable, all or a portion thereof, of such Preferred Member s pro-rata share of the Redemption Price in the form of membership units of the Operating Partnership GIPLP Units ). Such GIPLP Units shall be subject to all such restrictions, such as with respect to transferability, as reasonably imposed by GIPLP. The number of GIPLP Units issued to any Preferred Member shall be determined by dividing the total amount of the Redemption Price that such Preferred Member shall receive in GIPLP Units by a discount of the . Distributable operating funds are distributed first to the preferred equity partners until the unpaid preferred return is paid off and then to the Company. As part of the Company s acquisition of properties for approximately on September 30, 2019 in Norfolk, VA, the Operating Partnership entered into contribution agreements with entities (Greenwal, L.C. and Riverside Crossing, L.C.) that resulted in the issuance of common units in the Operating Partnership at per share for a total value of . Greenwal, L.C. and Riverside Crossing, L.C. have since been dissolved and the common units now are directly owned by the former members of the two entities. Beginning on the first anniversary of the closing, the contribution agreements allow for the investors to require the Operating Partnership to redeem all or a portion of its units for either (i) the Redemption Amount (within the meaning of the Operating Partnership s Partnership Agreement), or (ii) until forty-nine (49) months from date of closing, cash in an agreed-upon Value (within the meaning of the Operating Partnership s Partnership Agreement) of per share, as set forth on the Notice of Redemption. As such, the Company has determined their equity should be classified as a temporary equity at redemption value. On March 21, 2022, the Company received notice from an Operating Partnership common unit holder to redeem units at per unit for a total of and paid the unit holder on June 24, 2022. On April 25, 2022, the Company received notice from another Operating Partnership common unit holder to redeem units at per unit for a total of and paid the unit holder on July 25, 2022. On July 20, 2022, the Company received a notice of redemption from an Operating Partnership common unit holder exercising his right to redeem units at per unit under the Operating Partnership s Contribution and Subscription Agreement, dated July 16, 2019, and the Contribution and Subscription Agreement, dated June 19, 2019. Such notice further stated the unit holder s intent to redeem his remaining units in the Operating Partnership before October 31, 2023. On August 9, 2022, the Company and Operating Partnership entered a Redemption Agreement with the unit holder providing for the revocation of his July 2022 redemption notice and providing that the remaining common units in the Operating Partnership would be redeemed by the Operating Partnership as follows: (i) on or before September 15, 2022, of the units would be redeemed for an aggregate of in cash (which is per unit, as provided in the applicable Contribution Agreements) and of the units would be redeemed in exchange for the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock, and (ii) the remaining units would be redeemed for per unit in cash in one tranche of units on March 15, 2023 and five tranches of units each on September 15, 2023, March 15, 2024, June 15, 2024, September 15, 2024, and December 15, 2024. As such, the Company recorded a Other payable - related party in the amount of upon execution of the Redemption Agreement entered into August 9, 2022 and made the first installment payment of on September 13, 2022 for a remaining balance as of December 31, 2022 of . Additionally, the Company issued shares of common stock at per share in accordance with the Redemption Agreement, and recorded the stock at par value of with the remaining to Additional paid in capital. See Note 7 - Equity for further detail. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and units, respectively, were redeemable at per unit. As part of the Company s acquisition of building on January 14, 2022 for approximately in Tampa, FL, the Operating Partnership entered into a contribution agreement with one entity (LMB Owenton I LLC) that resulted in the issuance of common units in the Operating Partnership at per share for a total value of . Beginning on the second anniversary of the Closing, the contribution agreement allows for the investor to require the Operating Partnership to redeem, all or a portion of its units for either (i) the Redemption Amount (within the meaning of the Partnership Agreement), or (ii) until forty nine (49) months from date of Closing, cash in an agreed-upon Value (within the meaning of the Partnership Agreement) of per share. As such, the Company has determined their equity should be classified as temporary equity at redemption value. The current redemption amount is . Non-Controlling Interest (Permanent Equity) As part of the Company s acquisition of building on November 30, 2020 for in Tampa, FL, the Operating Partnership entered into a contribution agreement with entity (GIP Fund 1, LLC) that resulted in the issuance of common units in Operating Partnership at per share for a total value of . At the time of the acquisition the Company s President owned of GIP Fund 1. GIP Fund 1 has since been dissolved and the common units now are directly owned by the former members of GIP Fund 1. Beginning on the first anniversary of the Closing, the contribution agreement allows for the investor to require the Operating Partnership to redeem, all or a portion of its units for common stock of the Company. As such, the Company has determined their equity should be classified as a Non-controlling interest. 

Brown Family Trust 
 
 Irby Prop Partners 
 
 Richard Hornstrom 
 
 LMB Owenton I LLC 
 
 GIP LP (Former Greenwal, L.C. and Riverside Crossing, L.C. Members) 
 
 Total Redeemable Non-Controlling Interest 
 
 Non-Controlling Interest - Former GIP Fund 1 Members 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Issuance of Redeemable Operating Partnership Units for property acquisition 

Redemption of Redeemable Non-Controlling Interest 

() 

() 

Distribution on Non-Controlling Interest 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Net income (loss) for the year 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Issuance of Redeemable Operating Partnership Units for property acquisition 

Redemption of Redeemable Non-Controlling Interest 

() 
 
 () 

Common stock issued to redeem Redeemable Non-Controlling Interest 

() 
 
 () 

Issuance of Other payable - related party for Redemption of Non-Controlling Interest 

() 
 
 () 

Distribution on Non-Controlling Interest 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Net income (loss) for the year 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

shares of common stock and of undesignated preferred stock. preferred shares have been issued as of the date of this report. Holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to receive dividends when authorized by the Company s Board of Directors. Issuance of Equity Securities for Cash On November 13, 2020, the Company raised by issuing Units with each Unit being comprised of share of its Common Stock, and one warrant to purchase one share of its Common Stock. Each Unit was sold for a price of per Unit. The shares of the Company s Common Stock and warrants included in the Units, were offered together, but the securities included in the Units are issued separately. The warrants are exercisable at a price of per share of Common Stock, subject to adjustment in certain circumstances, and will expire from the date of issuance. On September 8, 2021, the Company issued and sold, in an underwritten public offering (the Public Offering ), Units, with each unit consisting of one share of common stock, and warrant to purchase one share of common stock (the Investor Warrants ). On September 30, 2021, the Company issued and sold an additional Investor Warrants as part of the underwriter s Over-Allotment Option. The Investor Warrants issued in the offering entitle the holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price equal to for a period of five years. Net proceeds generated were million, net of underwriter discounts and other financing costs incurred since inception. As part of the Public Offering, the Company entered into an agreement with the Chief Executive Officer CEO to redeem shares of common stock for which was recorded in accounts payable related party at December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2021 these shares had been physically returned to the Company's transfer agent and canceled and the CEO was paid during the three months ended March 31, 2022. On September 12, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock at per share in accordance with the Redemption Agreement as discussed in Note 6 - Non-Controlling Interests, and recorded the stock at par value of with the remaining to Additional paid in capital. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 , the Company expensed of stock issuance costs originally recorded to Deferred Financing Costs for professional fees incurred for filings no longer intended. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, the Company reclassed approximately of deferred financing costs into additional paid in capital of which approximately had been incurred as of December 31, 2020. Warrants On April 25, 2019, the Company raised by issuing Units with each Unit being comprised of share of its Common Stock and one warrant to purchase one share of its common stock. Each Unit was sold for a price of per Unit. The shares of the Company s common stock and warrants included in the Units, were offered together, but the securities included in the Units are issued separately. The warrants are exercisable at a price of per share of common stock, subject to adjustment in certain circumstances, and will expire from the date of issuance. The Investor Warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis if there is no effective registration statement available for the resale of the shares of common stock underlying such warrants. In addition, after days after the Investor Warrants are issued, any Investor Warrant may be exercised on a cashless basis for of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Investor Warrant if the volume-weighted average trading price of the Company s shares of Common Stock on Nasdaq is below the then-effective exercise price of the Investor Warrant for consecutive trading days. In addition, the Company issued to Maxim Group LLC (or its designee) warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of Common Stock, which is equal to an aggregate of of the number of shares of Common Stock sold in the Public Offering (the Representative s Warrants ). The Representative s Warrants have an exercise price equal to , may be exercised on a cashless basis and will be exercisable six months following the closing date and until . The Company has and warrants outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which will expire five to from the date of issuance. at an exercise price of 

at an exercise price of 

at an exercise price of 

at an exercise price of 

at an exercise price of 

at an exercise price of 

The following is a summary of warrants outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Issuances 

- 

As of December 31, 2021 

Exercised 
 
 () 

- 

As of December 31, 2022 

Warrants exercisable as of December 31, 2021 

Warrants exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

The intrinsic value of the warrants as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. Stock Compensation Generation Income Properties, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan In connection with the Public Offering, the Company board has adopted, and stockholders have approved, the Generation Income Properties, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Omnibus Incentive Plan ), which became effective upon the completion of the Public Offering. The Omnibus Incentive Plan reserves million shares of Common Stock upon the award of grant stock options, stock appreciation rights, performance shares, performance units, shares of common stock, restricted stock, restricted stock units, cash incentive awards, dividend equivalent units, or any other type of award permitted under the Omnibus Incentive Plan. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and shares, respectively, had been granted under the Omnibus Incentive Plan. Restricted Common Shares issued to the Board and Employees On July 15, 2019, the board of directors granted restricted shares to each of the independent directors that vest every months on an annual basis over months. The award is valued at for each grant and was based on the equity pricing issuance of per share. The pro-rated vested share restriction will be removed upon the annual anniversary of the award. The and restricted shares were issued to the directors in September 2020 and September 2021, respectively and another restricted shares were issued to the directors in September 2021. On February 3, 2020, the board of directors granted restricted shares to new independent directors that vest every months on an annual basis over months. The award is valued at for each grant and was based on the equity pricing issuance of per share. The pro-rated vested share restrictions will be removed upon the annual anniversary of the award. The unrestricted shares were issued to the directors in February 2021 and another restricted shares were issued to the directors in September 2021. The board granted restricted shares to directors, officers and employees effective January 1, 2021 valued at per share that vest annually over years. The pro-rated vested share restrictions are removed upon the annual anniversary of the award. The restricted shares were issued to the directors, officers and employees in September 2021. On February 3, 2020, the board of directors granted restricted shares to its former chief financial officer that vested every months on an annual basis over months. The award is valued at and was based on the equity pricing issuance of per share. The pro-rated vested share restrictions are removed upon the annual anniversary of the award. The unrestricted shares were issued to the chief financial officer in February 2021 and another restricted shares were issued to the chief financial officer in September 2021. On January 6, 2022, the board granted restricted shares to directors, officers and employees effective March 1, 2022 valued at per share that vest annually over year. The vested share restrictions will be removed upon the first annual anniversary of the award. The restricted shares were issued to the directors, officers and employees in March 2022. On April 12, 2022, the board granted restricted shares to a non-employee for chaplain services rendered effective April 16, 2022 valued at per share that vest over year. The vested share restrictions will be removed upon the first annual anniversary of the award. The restricted shares were issued in April 2022. 

Restricted Shares Issued 

Restricted Shares Vested 
 
 () 

() 

Number of Shares Outstanding 

The Company recorded stock based compensation expense of and during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Common stock issued for services Pursuant to an amended employment agreement in which the Company's former chief financial officer waived his right to cash compensation in lieu of being awarded restricted shares of common stock each month until the closing of an initial underwritten public offering, the Company issued the chief financial officer shares of stock in March 2021 representing four months of compensation from December 2020 to March 2021 and another shares of stock were issued in October 2021 representing four months of compensation from April 2021 to August 2021. The Company issued shares in December 2021 to the former chief financial officer as a bonus for the equity offering. The company recognized in compensation expense for common stock issued for services for the year ended December 31, 2021. These shares are accrued as compensation expense until issued by the Company. Cash Distributions 

Variable lease income 

Other related lease income, net: 

Amortization of below market leases 

Straight line rent, net 

Total Rental income 

- 

tenants that each account for more than 10 of our annual rental revenue as indicated below: 

2022 

2021 

General Services Administration - Norfolk, VA Manteo, NC 

PRA Holdings, Inc. - Norfolk, VA 

Pratt Whitney Automation, Inc. - Huntsville, AL 

Kohl's Corporation - Tucson, AZ 

Maersk Shipping 

Future Minimum Rents 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Lessee Accounting The Company acquired property on March 9, 2022 that is subject to a non-cancelable, long-term ground lease where a third party owns the underlying land and has leased the land to the Company. Accordingly, the Company owns only a long-term leasehold in this property. This ground lease expires in including those options the Company deems probable of exercising. The ground lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease, including management's estimate of expected option renewal periods. Operating lease expense was for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. There are variable lease expenses required to be paid by the Company as lessee per the lease terms. Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of the Lease liability, net was for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted liability 

Present value discount 
 
 () 

Lease liability 

Discount rate 

Term 
 years 

66 

(a) 

GSA Maersk - Norfolk, Virginia 

PRA Holdings, Inc. - Norfolk, Virginia 

Sherwin-Williams - Tampa, Florida 

(b) 

GSA - Manteo, North Carolina 

(c) 

(d) 

Irby Construction - Plant City , Florida 

(c) 

(d) 

Best Buy - Grand Junction, Colorado 

(c) 

(d) 

Fresenius - Chicago, Illinois 

(c) 

(d) 

Starbucks - North Tampa, Florida 

(c) 

(d) 

Kohls - Tucson, Arizona 

(c) 

(d) 

Less Debt Issuance Costs, net 
 
 () 
 
 () 

(a) (b) (c) million secured by properties and allocated to each property based on each property's appraised value. (d) and subject to a floor of 
 The Company amortized debt issuance costs to interest expense during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 of and , respectively. The Company paid debt issuance costs for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 of and , respectively. Each mortgage loan requires the Company to maintain certain debt service coverage ratios as noted above. In addition, mortgage loan, encumbered by properties and requiring a DSCR, requires the Company to maintain a loan to fair market stabilized value ratio. Fair market stabilized value shall be determined by the lender by reference to acceptable guides and indices or appraisals from time to time at its discretion. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants. The Company s President and CEO has personally guaranteed the repayment of the million due under the 7-11 - Washington, DC; Starbucks-South Tampa, FL; and Pratt Whitney-Huntsville, AL loan as well as the million loan secured by the Company's Sherwin-Williams - Tampa, FL mortgage loan. In addition, the Company s President and CEO has also provided a guaranty of the Borrower s nonrecourse carveout liabilities and obligations in favor of the lender for the GSA MAERSK and PRA Holdings, Inc. - Norfolk, VA mortgage loans Bayport loans with an aggregate principal amount of million as well as mortgage loans secured by the remaining properties within the portfolio with an aggregate principal amount of million. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 , the Company incurred a guaranty fee expense payable to the Company's President and CEO of recorded to interest expense. guaranty fee expense was incurred during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. The Company modified the Bayport loans in March 2021 for no fees and reduced the associated interest rate from to . The Company determined that the debt modification was not substantial under ASC 470-50. The Company modified the Bayport loans in March 2021 for no fees and reduced the associated interest rate from to . The Company determined that the debt modification was not substantial under ASC 470-50. On April 1, 2022, the Company entered into two mortgage loan agreements with an aggregate balance of million as of December 31, 2022 to refinance of the Company's properties. The loan agreements consist of loan in the amount of million secured by properties and allocated to each property based on each property's appraised value, and loan in the amount of million on the property held in the tenant in common investment at an interest rate of from April 1, 2022 through and until March 31, 2027. Effective April 1, 2027 and through the maturity date of March 31, 2032, the interest rate adjusts to the 5-year Treasury plus and is subject to a floor of . The Company s CEO entered into a guaranty agreement pursuant to which he guaranteed the payment obligations under the promissory notes if they become due as a result of certain bad-boy provisions, individually and on behalf of the Operating Partnership. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 , the Company incurred a loss on debt extinguishment of related to the write off of unamortized debt issuance costs previously incurred on refinanced mortgage loans including a prepayment penalty incurred of . On May 9, 2022, the Operating Partnership amended the current Commitment Letter with American Momentum Bank (the Lender ), by entering into a new commitment letter, to increase the available borrowings under the Facility from million to million to be used for the acquisition of income producing real estate properties under the same terms as provided by the agreement entered into on October 26, 2021. The new Commitment Letter will become effective contingent upon the Company completing a future capital raise of million or more, and prior to such time, the current Commitment Letter will remain in place. On September 9, 2022, the Company and AMB combined the prior AMB commitment letters entered into in October 2021 and May 2022 into a single Commitment Letter, and have amended the rate index used for borrowing to be a variable rate equal to the 30-Day CME Term SOFR Rate, plus a margin of , adjusted monthly, subject to a floor interest rate of per annum. All other terms under the prior commitment letters remained materially the same. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have an outstanding balance on the Facility and as of December 31, 2021 the Company had borrowed approximately million, respectively, under the Facility. On August 9, 2022 the Company and Operating Partnership entered a Redemption Agreement with a unit holder. As such, the Company recorded an Other payable - related party in the amount of upon execution of the Redemption Agreement entered into July 20, 2022 and made the first installment payment of on September 13, 2022 with a remaining balance of outstanding as of December 31, 2022. On October 14, 2022, the Company entered into a loan transaction that is evidenced by a secured non-convertible promissory note to Brown Family Enterprises, LLC, a preferred equity partner and therefore a related party, for that is due on October 14, 2024, and bears a fixed interest rate of , simple interest. Interest is payable monthly. The loan may be repaid without penalty at any time. The loan is secured by the Operating Partnership s equity interest in its current direct subsidiaries that hold real estate assets pursuant to the terms of a security agreement between the Operating Partnership and Brown Family Enterprises, LLC. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

upon execution of the Redemption Agreement entered into July 20, 2022 and made the first installment payment of on September 13, 2022 with a remaining balance of outstanding as of December 31, 2022 . Additionally, the Company issued shares of common stock at per share in accordance with the Redemption Agreement, and recorded the stock at par value of with the remaining to Additional paid in capital. As disclosed previously, on October 14, 2022, the Company entered into a loan transaction that is evidenced by a secured non-convertible promissory note to Brown Family Enterprises, LLC, a preferred equity partner and therefore a related party, for that is due on October 14, 2024, and bears a fixed interest rate of , simple interest. Interest is payable monthly. The loan may be repaid without penalty at any time. The loan is secured by the Operating Partnership s equity interest in its current direct subsidiaries that hold real estate assets pursuant to the terms of a security agreement between the Operating Partnership and Brown Family Enterprises, LLC. On November 30, 2020, the Company acquired an approximately square foot building from GIP Fund 1, LLC a related party that was owned by the President and Chairman of the Company. The retail single tenant property (occupied by The Sherwin-Williams Company) in Tampa, Florida was acquired for approximately million and was funded with approximately million of debt from Valley National Bank and the issuance of partnership units in Generation Income Properties LP valued at per unit for purposes of the contribution. Since acquisition, GIP Fund 1, LLC was dissolved and each partner was allocated units to GIP LP pro-rata effectively reducing the President and Chairman of the Company s ownership to as of December 31, 2022. 

square foot single tenant building in Rockford, IL for total consideration of approximately million. The Company acquired a interest in the TIC acquisition with Sunny Ridge HHP, LLC Sunny Ridge holding the remaining TIC interest. Funding for the Company s interest was primarily funded through a Redeemable Non-Controlling Interest Contribution from Mr. Hornstrom to one of the Company's subsidiaries for million. The remainder of the purchase price of the property was funded by Sunny Ridge of million and debt financing of approximately million. Mr. Hornstrom owns of Sunny Ridge and also contributed of Redeemable Non-Controlling Interest contribution for the Plant City, FL property. On April 1, 2022, the TIC refinanced the debt reducing the total debt outstanding to million with an interest rate of from April 1, 2022 through and until March 31, 2027. and subject to a floor of . The Company s CEO entered into a guaranty agreement pursuant to which he guaranteed the payment obligations under the promissory note if they become due as a result of certain bad-boy provisions, individually and on behalf of the Operating Partnership. :1:00 in addition to a 54 loan to value ratio. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants. In conjunction with the refinancing of the debt, the Company contributed to the TIC increasing the Company's ownership to interest and reducing Sunny Ridge's interest to . The Rockford, IL property was accounted for under the equity method and as of December 31, 2022 it had a value of . 

Total expenses 

Operating income 

Loss on debt extinguishment 
 
 () 

Net income 

GIP, LP's Share 

Deferred rent asset 

Prepaid expenses 

Due from related party 

Total Assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Prepaid rent 

Acquired lease intangible liabilities, net 

Mortgage loan, net of unamortized debt issuance costs 

Total Liabilities 

GIP, LP 

SUNNY RIDGE MHP, LLC 

Total Tenants in Common Equity 

Total Liabilities and Tenants in Common Equity 

per share or per unit monthly cash distribution for shareholders and unitholders of record of our common stock and partnership units, respectively, as of January 15, 2023 , and . January and February distributions were paid on and respectively, and the Company expects to pay March dividends on or about March 30, 2023. Subsequent to December 31, 2022 but before the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Investor Warrants were exercised on a cashless basis for of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Investor Warrant, as the volume-weighted average trading price of the Company s shares of Common Stock on Nasdaq was below the then-effective exercise price of the Investor Warrant for consecutive trading days as of the date the Investor Warrants became exercisable. As such, shares of common stock were issued upon exercise. Agreements with Brown Family Enterprises, LLC On February 8, 2023, the Operating Partnership entered into new Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreements for GIPVA 2510 Walmer Ave, LLC GIPVA 2510 and GIPVA 130 Corporate Blvd, LLC GIPVA 130 in which the Operating Partnership, as the sole member of GIPVA 2510 and GIPVA 130, admitted a new member, Brown Family Enterprises, LLC (the Purchaser ), through the issuance to Purchaser of membership interests in the form of Class A Preferred Units of GIPVA 2510 and GIPVA 130. GIPVA 2510 and GIPVA 130 (the Virginia SPEs hold the Company s Norfolk, Virginia properties. Also on February 8, 2023, both of the Virginia SPEs and the Purchaser entered into Unit Purchase Agreements in which GIPVA 2510 issued and sold to the Purchaser Class A Preferred Units at a price of per unit for an aggregate price of , and GIPVA 130 issued and sold to the Purchaser Class A Preferred units at a price of per unit for an aggregate price of . The Purchaser will be paid an annual preferred return on the preferred units of the Virginia SPEs (the SPE Preferred Units ), payable on a monthly basis, and will share in approximately of the equity in each of the Virginia SPEs. The Purchaser and the respective SPEs will both have the right to redeem the SPE Preferred Units after two (2) years for cash in the amount of the Purchaser s unreturned capital contribution and accrued but unpaid preferred return (the Redemption Price ), provided that Purchaser will have the right to take the Redemption Price (or any portion thereof) in common units of the Operating Partnership at a conversion price equal to 85 of the average trading price of the Company s common stock during the 30 trading days preceding redemption. The proceeds from the sale of the SPE Preferred Units were distributed to the Operating Partnership to fund the Operating Partnership s redemption obligations from two members of the Operating Partnership who redeemed a total of units both on January 27, 2023 at per unit in the aggregate amount of and to fund general corporate expenses of the Operating Partnership. The Company funded the redemption obligations per the terms of the contribution agreement on February 9, 2023. As a result of this transaction, the Company may be required to reimburse federal, state and local income taxes incurred by the remaining partner as per a tax protection agreement although the Company is continuing to evaluate such impact, if any. Agreement with LMB Owenton I, LLC O n February 7, 2023, the Operating Partnership entered into a Unit Issuance Agreement and Amendment to Contribution and Subscription Agreement (the LMB Agreement with LMB Owenton I LLC, the contributor of the Company s Tampa Starbucks property located at 10002 N Dale Mabry (the Contributor ), in which GIPLP and the Contributor agreed to delay the Contributor s right to require the redemption of the Contributor s common units in the Operating Partnership until the third anniversary of the closing of the contribution of the Tampa Starbucks property, January 14 th 2025, and for a reduced redemption price of per common unit. Such agreement was made in consideration of the issuance to Contributor of an additional common units in the Operating Partnership (the Additional OP Units ), resulting in Contributor owning an aggregate of common units in the Operating Partnership. Purchase and Sale Agreement On February 10, 2023, the Operating Partnership entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement with Harbor Terrace Limited Partnership to acquire an approximately square foot single -tenant retail building in Overland Park, KS for total consideration of , which is expected to be funded with approximately mortgage debt and equity. The building is occupied by Best Buy, Inc., who holds an investment grade credit rating of BBB+ on the S P scale, and has approximately two years remaining on the current lease term, with one additional five year renewal option. The annual rent for the property is . The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and due diligence. Restricted Stock Issuances On March 1, 2023, the board granted and the Company issued restricted shares to directors, officers and employees effective March 1, 2023 valued at per share that vest one-third on each anniversary of the grant date. The vested share restrictions will be removed upon the first annual anniversary of the award. 

70 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCO UNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K to ensure information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. These disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit is accumulated and communicated to management, including our president and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the framework set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on the results of our evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. Our independent registered public accounting firm, MaloneBeiley, LLP, was not required to perform an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 because as an emerging growth company we are exempt from Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FO REIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 71 
 
 PART III. 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OF FICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information that will be contained in our proxy statement related to our annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2023 (the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders ), which we intend to file with the SEC within 120 days of the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTI VE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information that will be contained in our proxy statement related to our annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2023 (the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders ), which we intend to file with the SEC within 120 days of the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AN D MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information that will be contained in our proxy statement related to our annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2023 (the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders ), which we intend to file with the SEC within 120 days of the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information that will be contained in our proxy statement related to our annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2023 (the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders ), which we intend to file with the SEC within 120 days of the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOU NTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information that will be contained in our proxy statement related to our annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2023 (the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders ), which we intend to file with the SEC within 120 days of the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 PART IV. 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINA NCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) The following documents are filed as a part of this report: 
 1. Financial Statements . (see Item 8) 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 46 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 47 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 48 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 49 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 52 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 54 

2. Financial Statement Schedule . See Item 15(a)(1) above. 

All financial statement schedules have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in this Form 10-K. 
 
 72 
 
 3. Exhibits. The following documents are filed as a part of this report or are incorporated herein by reference. 

EXHIBIT NUMBER 
 
 DESCRIPTION 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Generation Income Properties, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Form 1-A/A filed on January 28, 2016) 

3.1.1 
 
 Articles of Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 1-U filed on October 9, 2020.) 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of Generation Income Properties, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 of the Company s Form 1-A filed on September 16, 2015) 

4.1 
 
 Form of Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Company s Form 1-A filed on September 16, 2015) 

4.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Generation Income Properties, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 6.2 of the Company s Form 1-A POS filed on March 29, 2018) 

4.2.1 
 
 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Generation Income Properties, L.P. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Amendment No. 5 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed on April 12, 2021) 

4.2.2 
 
 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Generation Income Properties, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Amendment No. 5 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed on April 12, 2021) 

4.3 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated April 17, 2019. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.6 to the Company s Amendment No. 5 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed on April 12, 2021) 

4.4 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated November 12, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Company s Amendment No. 5 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed on April 12, 2021). 

4.5 
 
 Representative s Warrant, dated September 8, 2021 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 from Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2021) 

4.6 
 
 Form of Investor Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 from the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2021) 

4.7 
 
 Warrant Agent Agreement, dated September 2, 2021 between the Company and VStock Transfer, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2021) 

4.8 
 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 of the Company s Form 10-K filed on March 18, 2022) 

10.1+ 
 
 Generation Income Properties, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Company s Amendment No. 5 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed on April 12, 2021) 

10.2+ 
 
 Form of Director Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed on February 14, 2020). 

10.3+ 
 
 Form of Officer Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed on February 14, 2020). 

10.4+ 
 
 Form of Officer and Director Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed on February 14, 2020). 

10.5+ 
 
 Form of Director and Officer Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed on February 14, 2020). 

10.6+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 24, 2022 (with term effective as of February 28, 2022), between Generation Income Properties, Inc. and Allison Davies (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 27, 2022). 

10.7 
 
 Note, Deed of Trust, Assignment of Leases and Rents, and Related Loan Documents Assignment, Assumption and Modification Agreement dated September 30, 2019 by and among Riverside Crossing, L.C., as original borrower, GIPVA 130 Corporate Blvd, LLC, as new borrower, Newport News Shipbuilding Employees; Credit Union, Inc. DBA BayPort Credit Union, and James B. Mears, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed on February 14, 2020). 

10.8 
 
 Commercial Loan Agreement dated September 30, 2019, between GIPVA 2510 Walmer Ave, LLC and Newport News Shipbuilding Employees; Credit Union, Inc. DBA BayPort Credit Union (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed on February 14, 2020). 

10.9 
 
 Guaranty of Nonrecourse Carveout Liabilities and Obligations dated as of September 30, 2019 made by Generation Income Properties, L.P., Generation Income Properties, Inc. and David E. Sobelman in favor of Newport News Shipbuilding Employees Credit Union, Inc. DBA Bayport Credit Union (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed on February 14, 2020). 

10.10 
 
 Guaranty of Nonrecourse Carveout Liabilities and Obligations dated as of September 30, 2019 made by Generation Income Properties, L.P., Generation Income Properties, Inc. and David E. Sobelman in favor of Newport News Shipbuilding Employees Credit Union, Inc. DBA Bayport Credit Union (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed on February 14, 2020). 

10.11 
 
 Loan Agreement dated as of February 11, 2020 by and among GIPFL 1300 S DALE MABRY, LLC, GIPDC 3707 14TH ST, LLC and GIPAL JV 15091 SW ALABAMA 20, LLC, as borrowers, and DBR Investments Co. Limited (incorporated by 

73 

reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed on February 14, 2020). 

10.12 
 
 Guaranty of Recourse Obligations dated as of February 11, 2020 made by David Sobelman and Generation Income Properties, L.P. for the benefit of DBR Investments Co. Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed on February 14, 2020). 

10.13 
 
 Commitment for 25 Million Master Credit Facility with American Momentum Bank dated October 26, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 27, 2021) 

10.14 
 
 Contribution Agreement, dated October 11, 2021, between Generation Income Properties, L.P. and LMB Owenton I LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 20, 2022) 

10.15 
 
 Tenants in Common Agreement dated August 2, 2021 between GIPIL 525 S Perryville RD, LLC and Sunny Ridge MHP, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the Company s Amendment No. 9 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed on August 18, 2021). 

10.16 
 
 Contribution and Subscription Agreement between the Company and Riverside Crossing, L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Company s Amendment No. 5 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed on April 12, 2021) 

10.16.1 
 
 Amendment to Contribution and Subscription Agreement with Riverside Crossing, L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28.1 to the Company s Amendment No. 5 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed on April 12, 2021) 

10.17 
 
 Contribution and Subscription Agreement between the Company and Greenwal, L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Company s Amendment No. 5 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed on April 12, 2021) 

10.17.1 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Contribution and Subscription Agreement with Greenwal, L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29.1 to the Company s Amendment No. 5 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed on April 12, 2021) 

10.17.2 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Contribution and Subscription Agreement with Greenwal, L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29.2 to the Company s Amendment No. 5 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed on April 12, 2021) 

10.18 
 
 Tax Protection Agreement between the Company and Riverside Crossing, L.C. dated September 30, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Company s Amendment No. 6 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed on June 17, 2021). 

10.19 
 
 Tax Protection Agreement between the Company and Greenwal, L.C. dated September 30, 2019. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Company s Amendment No. 6 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed on June 17, 2021). 

10.20 
 
 Contribution and Subscription Agreement, dated October 28, 2020, between Generation Income Properties, L.P. and GIP Fund 1, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Company s Amendment No. 5 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed on April 12, 2021) 

10.21+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.22 from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed on March 18, 2022) 

10.22 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated October 28, 2021, between Generation Income Properties, LP and OREOF19 BR, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 filed on May 16, 2022). 

10.23 
 
 First Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement, effective as of December 10, 2021, between Generation Income Properties, LP and OREOF19 BR, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 filed on May 16, 2022). 

10.24 
 
 Assignment and Assumption of Purchase and Sale Agreement, effective as of December 23, 2021, by and between Generation Income Properties, LP and GIPCO 585 24 1/2 ROAD, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 filed on May 16, 2022). 

10.25 
 
 Lease Agreement, dated as of February 27, 2006, between OREOF19 BR, LLC, as landlord, and Best Buy Stores, L.P., as tenant, as amended by that certain first amendment to lease, dated May 19, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 filed on May 16, 2022). 

10.26 
 
 Guaranty, dated February 27, 2006, by Best Buy Co., Inc. in favor of OREOF BR, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 filed on May 16, 2022). 

10.27 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated October 27, 2021, between Generation Income Properties, LP and Elliott Bay Healthcare Realty, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 filed on May 16, 2022). 

10.28 
 
 First Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated December 10, 2021, between Generation Income Properties, LP and Elliott Bay Healthcare Realty, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 filed on May 16, 2022). 

10.29 
 
 Assignment and Assumption of Purchase and Sale Agreement, effective as of December 23, 2021, by and between Generation Income Properties, LP and GIPIL 3134 W 76th Street, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 filed on May 16, 2022). 

10.30 
 
 Second Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement, effective as of January 3, 2022, between Elliott Bay Healthcare Realty, LLC and GIPIL 3134 W 76th Street, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 filed on May 16, 2022). 

10.31 
 
 Lease Agreement, dated as of January 24, 2006, between Elliott Bay Healthcare Realty, LLC, as landlord, and WSKC Dialysis Services, Inc., as tenant, as amended on August 16, 2016, and on November 13, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 filed on May 16, 2022). 

74 

10.32 
 
 Assignment and Assumption of Lease, Security Deposit and Guaranty, dated January 7, 2022, by and between Elliott Bay Healthcare Realty, LLC and GIPIL 3134 W 76th Street, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 filed on May 16, 2022). 

10.33 
 
 Promissory Note, dated December 28, 2021, issued by GIPCO 585 24 1/2 ROAD, LLC, as borrower, in favor of American Momentum Bank, as lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 filed on May 16, 2022). 

10.34 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated December 28, 2021, by and between GIPCO 585 24 1/2 ROAD, LLC and American Momentum Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 filed on May 16, 2022). 

10.35 
 
 Absolute Guaranty of Payment and Performance, dated December 28, 2021, by David Sobelman and Generation Income Properties, LP in favor of American Momentum Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 filed on May 16, 2022). 

10.36 
 
 Promissory Note, dated January 7, 2022, issued by GIPIL 3134 W 76th Street, LLC, as borrower, in favor of American Momentum Bank, as lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to Form S-11 filed on November 29, 2022). 

10.37 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated January 7, 2022, by and between GIPIL 3134 W 76th Street, LLC and American Momentum Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 filed on May 16, 2022). 

10.38 
 
 Absolute Guaranty of Payment and Performance, dated December 23, 2021, by David Sobelman and Generation Income Properties, LP in favor of American Momentum Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 filed on May 16, 2022). 

10.39 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated April 1, 2022, by and among GIPAZ 199 N Pantano Road, LLC, GIPCO 585 24 0.5 Road, LLC, GIPFL 702 Tillman Place, LLC, GIPFL 10002 N Dale Mabry, LLC, GIPNC 201 Etheridge Road, LLC, and GIPIL 3134 W 76TH Street LLC, as the borrowers, David Sobelman, as guarantor, and Valley National Bank, as lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 7, 2022). 

10.40 
 
 Multi-State Fee and Leasehold Mortgage and Security Agreement, dated April 1, 2022, made by among GIPAZ 199 N Pantano Road, LLC, GIPCO 585 24 0.5 Road, LLC, GIPFL 702 Tillman Place, LLC, GIPFL 10002 N Dale Mabry, LLC, GIPNC 201 Etheridge Road, LLC, and GIPIL 3134 W 76TH Street LLC, as mortgagor(s), and Valley National Bank, as mortgagee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 7, 2022) . 

10.41 
 
 Promissory Note, dated April 1, 2022, issued by GIPAZ 199 N Pantano Road, LLC, GIPCO 585 24 0.5 Road, LLC, GIPFL 702 Tillman Place, LLC, GIPFL 10002 N Dale Mabry, LLC, GIPNC 201 Etheridge Road, LLC, and GIPIL 3134 W 76TH Street LLC, as borrowers, in favor of Valley National Bank, as lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 7, 2022). 

10.42 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated April 1, 2022, by and among GIPIL 525 S Perryville Rd, LLC, and Sunny Ridge MHP LLC, as borrowers, David Sobelman, individually and as President of Generation Income Properties, Inc., the General Partner of Generation Income Properties, L.P., as guarantor, and Valley National Bank, as lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 7, 2022). 

10.43 
 
 Guaranty of Payment, dated April 1, 2022, by David Sobelman, individually and David Sobelman, as President of Generation Income Properties, Inc., the General Partner of Generation Income Properties, L.P., as guarantor, to Valley National Bank, as lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 7, 2022). 

10.44 
 
 Mortgage and Security Agreement, dated April 1, 2022, by GIPIL 525 Perryville Rd LLC, and Sunny Ridge MHP LLC, as mortgagors, and Valley National Bank, as mortgagee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 7, 2022). 

10.45 
 
 Promissory Note, dated April 1, 2022, issued by GIPIL 525 S Perryville Rd, LLC and Sunny Ridge MHP LLC, as borrowers, in favor of Valley National Bank, as lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 7, 2022). 

10.46 
 
 Commitment for 50 Million Master Credit Commitment with American Momentum Bank dated May 9, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K/A filed on May 12, 2022). 

10.47 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated January 19, 2022, between Generation Income Properties, LP and NSHE Bassett, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K/A filed on May 23, 2022). 

10.48 
 
 Assignment and Assumption of Purchase and Sale Agreement, effective as of February 23, 2022, by and between Generation Income Properties, LP and GIPAZ 199 North Pantano Road, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 8-K/A filed on May 23, 2022). 

10.49 
 
 Sublease, dated as of January 30, 2003, between Continental 34 Fund Limited Partnership, as landlord, and Kohl s Department Stores, Inc., as tenant, as amended by that certain first amendment to lease, dated June 10, 2003, as amended by that certain second amendment to lease, dated February 6, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Form 8-K/A filed on May 23, 2022). 

10.50 
 
 Land Lease Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2003, between October 23rd Group LLC., as landlord, and NSHE Bassett, LLC., as tenant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Form 8-K/A filed on May 23, 2022). 

75 

10.51 
 
 Assignment and Assumption of Underlying Lease and Security Deposit, dated March 9, 2022, by and between NSHE Bassett, LLC and GIPAZ 199 North Pantano Road, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Form 8-K/A filed on May 23, 2022). 

10.52 
 
 Assignment and Assumption of Lease, Security Deposit and Guaranty, dated March 9, 2022, by and between NSHE Bassett, LLC and GIPAZ 199 North Pantano Road, LLC. Guaranty, dated January 30, 2003, by Kohl s Corporation in favor of NSHE Bassett, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Form 8-K/A filed on May 23, 2022). 

10.53 
 
 Promissory Note, dated March 9, 2022, issued by GIPAZ 199 North Pantano Road, LLC, as borrower, in favor of American Momentum Bank, as lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company s Form 8-K/A filed on May 23, 2022). 

10.54 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated March 9, 2022, by and between GIPAZ 199 North Pantano Road, LLC and American Momentum Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Company s Form 8-K/A filed on May 23, 2022). 

10.55 
 
 Absolute Guaranty of Payment and Performance, dated March 9, 2022, by David Sobelman and Generation Income Properties, LP in favor of American Momentum Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Company s Form 8-K/A filed on May 23, 2022). 

10.56+ 
 
 First Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated June 23, 2022, between the Company and David Sobelman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 27, 2022). 

10.57 
 
 Revised Commitment Letter, dated September 9, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 14, 2022). 

10.58 
 
 Redemption Agreement dated as of August 9, 2022 among the Company, Generation Income Properties, L.P. and Thomas Robinson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 10-Q filed on August 15, 2022). 

10.59 
 
 Promissory Note dated October 14, 2022 between Generation Income Properties, L.P. and Brown Family Enterprises LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2022). 

10.60 
 
 Security Agreement dated October 14, 2022 between Generation Income Properties, L.P. and Brown Family Enterprises (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2022). 

10.61 
 
 First Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated June 23 2022, between Generation Income Properties, Inc. and David Sobelman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K/A filed on January 4, 2023). 

10.62 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of GIPVA 130 Corporate Blvd, LLC, dated February 8, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2023). 

10.63 
 
 Unit Purchase Agreement, GIPVA 130 Corporate Blvd, LLC and Brown Family Enterprises, dated February 8, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2023). 

10.64 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of GIPVA 2510 Walmer Ave, LLC, dated February 8, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2023). 

10.65 
 
 Unit Purchase Agreement, GIPVA 2510 Walmer Ave, LLC and Brown Family Enterprises, dated February 8, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2023). 

10.66 
 
 Unit Issuance Agreement and Amendment to Contribution and Subscription Agreement, Generation Income Properties, L.P., and LMB Owenton I LLC, dated February 7, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2023). 

10.67 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement between Generation Income Properties, L.P., and Harbor Terrace Limited Partnership, dated February 10, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 15, 2023). 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

23.1 
 
 Consent of MaloneBailey, LLP 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a 14(a) Certification of the Principal Executive Officer 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a 14(a) Certification of the Principal Financial Officer 

32.1 
 
 Written Statement of the Principal Executive Officer, Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 

32.2 
 
 Written Statement of the Principal Financial Officer, Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 
 
 76 
 
 + Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 
 77 
 
 SIGNA TURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

GENERATION INCOME PROPERTIES, INC. 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ David Sobelman 

David Sobelman 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NAME 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ David Sobelman 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board 

David Sobelman 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 28, 2023 

/s/ Allison Davies 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Allison Davies 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 28, 2023 

/s/ Ben Adams 
 
 Director 

Ben Adams 

March 28, 2023 

/s/ Gena Cheng 
 
 Director 

Gena Cheng 

March 28, 2023 

/s/ Stuart Eisenberg 
 
 Director 

Stuart Eisenberg 

March 28, 2023 

/s/ Betsy Peck 
 
 Director 

Betsy Peck 

March 28, 2023 

/s/ Patrick Quilty 
 
 Director 

Patrick Quilty 

March 28, 2023 

78 

<EX-21>
 2
 gipr-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES 

Subsidiary 
 State of Incorporation / Formation 
 Percentage of Ownership 

Generation Income Properties, LP 
 Delaware 
 86.6 

GIP TRS Inc 
 Maryland 
 100 

GIP REIT OP Limited LLC 
 Delaware 
 100 

GIP DB SPE, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100 

GIPVB SPE, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100 

GIPDC 3707 14th St LLC 
 Delaware 
 100 

GIPFL 1300 S Dale Mabry LLC 
 Delaware 
 100 

GIPAL JV 15091 SW ALABAMA 20 
 Delaware 
 100 

GIPVA 2510 WALMER AVE, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100 

GIPVA 130 CORPORATE BLVD, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100 

GIPFL JV 1106 CLEARLAKE ROAD, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100 

GIPRI 332 Valley St LLC 
 Delaware 
 100 

GIPFL 508 S Howard Ave, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100 

GIPNC 201 Etheridge Road LLC 
 Delaware 
 100 

GIPFL 702 Tillman Place, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100 

GIPIL 525 S Perryville RD, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100 

GIPCO 585 24 ROAD, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100 

GIP 3134 W 76 TH STREET, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100 

GIPFL 10002 N DALE MABRY, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100 

GIPAZ 199 N PANTANO ROAD, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 gipr-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-261098) of Generation Income Properties, Inc. (the Company of our report dated March 28, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of the Company appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ MaloneBailey, LLP 
 www.malonebailey.com 
 Houston, Texas 
 March 28, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 4
 gipr-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, David Sobelman, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Generation Income Properties Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures , as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ David Sobelman 

March 28, 2023 

David Sobelman 

CEO and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Exhibit 31.1 
 A signed original of this document has been provided to Generation Income Properties Inc. and will be retained by Generation Income Properties Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 5
 gipr-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Allison Davies, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Generation Income Properties Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures , as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Allison Davies 

March 28, 2023 

Allison Davies 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Exhibit 31.2 
 A signed original of this document has been provided to Generation Income Properties Inc. and will be retained by Generation Income Properties Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 gipr-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Written Statement of the Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 Solely for the purposes of complying with 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, I, the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of Generation Income Properties Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, based on my knowledge, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/David Sobelman 

March 28, 2023 

David Sobelman 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this document has been provided to Generation Income Properties Inc. and will be retained by Generation Income Properties Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 7
 gipr-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Written Statement of the Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 Solely for the purposes of complying with 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, I, the undersigned Chief Financial Officer of Generation Income Properties Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, based on my knowledge, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Allison Davies 

March 28, 2023 

Allison Davies 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this document has been provided to Generation Income Properties Inc. and will be retained by Generation Income Properties Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 gipr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 gipr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 gipr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 gipr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 gipr-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

