<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230308_10-K_edgar_data_704440_0001161697-23-000158.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5072773</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>233812</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>978206</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1226778</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1204483</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1291619</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001161697-23-000158.hdr.sgml : 20230308
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230308163823
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001161697-23-000158
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230308
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230308

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KORU Medical Systems, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000704440
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				133044880
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39086
		FILM NUMBER:		23716657

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 CORPORATE DRIVE
		CITY:			MAHWAH
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07430
		BUSINESS PHONE:		845-469-2042

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 CORPORATE DRIVE
		CITY:			MAHWAH
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07430

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REPRO MED SYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001161697-23-000158.txt : 20230308

10-K
 1
 form_10-k.htm
 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT FOR 12-31-2022

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, DC 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

OR 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ____________ to __________ 

Commission file number 

KORU MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

)- 

 Registrant s telephone number, including area
code 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

COMMON STOCK, .01 PAR VALUE 

 (Title of Class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files.) No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and
attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b)
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate
by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously
issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

Based on the closing sales price of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market
value of the voting and nonvoting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was . 

As of March 8, 2023, shares of common stock, 0.01 par value
per share, were outstanding, which excludes shares of Treasury Stock. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the registrant s proxy statement for the 2023 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated herein by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the extent stated herein.
Such proxy statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the registrant s fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022. 

INDEX TO FORM 10-K 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 24 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 24 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 24 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 24 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 24 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 24 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 29 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 29 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 47 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 47 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 47 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 47 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 48 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 48 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 48 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 48 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 48 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 48 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 50 

Signatures 
 
 51 

- ii - 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Throughout this report, the Company, KORU Medical, 
 KORU, we, us or our refer to KORU Medical Systems, Inc. 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as: believe, 
 plan, goal, intend, seek, expect, will, and
similar references to future periods. Examples of forward-looking statements include, among others, statements we make under
 Our Strategy in Business under Item 1 of this Form 10-K and Liquidity and Capital Resources in
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under Item 7 of this Form 10-K, and
statements regarding completion of our move to the newly leased facility including continuity of product supply, compliance with EU
MDR, transition of our outsourced manufacturing, 2023 expenses, needs for additional capital, capital investments, inventory levels,
plans for expansion of our share position and products, and increase in patient SCIg prescriptions. Forward-looking statements are
neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations,
and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the
economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent
uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control.
 Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements.
Therefore, readers should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. 

Important factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition
to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others, those discussed in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K, and in particular, the risks discussed under the caption Risk Factors in Item 1A, and those discussed in other
documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 

Any forward-looking statement made by us in this Annual Report on Form
10-K is based only on information currently available to us and speaks only as of the date on which it is made. We undertake no
obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a
result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

OUR BUSINESS 

KORU Medical develops, manufactures and markets proprietary portable
and innovative medical devices primarily for the subcutaneous drug delivery market as governed by the United States Food and Drug Administration
(the FDA quality and regulatory system and international standards for quality system management. Our focus is primarily
concentrated on our mechanical infusion products, the FREEDOM Infusion Systems (which we refer to as the FREEDOM System 
when used with one or more accessories), which include the FREEDOM60 Syringe Driver, the FreedomEdge Syringe Driver, HIgH-Flo
Subcutaneous Safety Needle Sets and Precision Flow Rate Tubing . 

Our revenues are derived from three business sources: (i) domestic
core, (ii) international core, and (iii) novel therapies. Our core domestic and international revenues consist of sales of
our syringe drivers, tubing and needles Product Revenue for the delivery of subcutaneous drugs that are FDA cleared
for use with the Freedom Infusion Systems, with the primary delivery for immunoglobulin to treat Primary Immunodeficiency Diseases PIDD and Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating Polyneuropathy CIDP ). Novel therapies consist of Product
Revenue for feasibility/clinical trials (pre-clinical studies, Phase I, Phase II, Phase III, of biopharmaceutical companies in the
drug development process as well as non-recurring engineering services NRE revenues (including testing and
registration services) received from biopharmaceutical companies to ready or customize the FREEDOM System for clinical and
commercial use. 

OUR MISSION 

Our mission is to improve the quality of life of patients around the world
by delivering innovative, effective, and easy-to-use drug delivery systems that can be used at home or alternate site settings, for patient
self-administration of drug therapy. 

- 1 - 

Table of Contents 

OUR STRATEGY 

We plan to become a leading provider of solutions for subcutaneous large-volume
infusions defined as greater than 10ml. We intend to accomplish this objective by increasing penetration of our core subcutaneous immunoglobulin SCIg market and extending into new subcutaneous drug therapies. 

We have identified multiple factors we believe are driving growth of the
SCIg market. These include: 

Increasing diagnoses of Primary Immunodeficiency Diseases PIDD ), which often require immunoglobulin Ig treatment 

New on-label indications for SCIg drugs such as Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating Polyneuropathy CIDP ), Secondary Immunodeficiency Diseases SIDD ), and others in clinical development. 

Increase in the number of available SCIg medications such as the introduction of Cutaquig and Xembify in the United States and Europe, and planned launches of Cuvitru and HyQvia in Japan 

Biopharmaceutical investment in SCIg products, such as prefilled syringe formats that make infusion easier for patients, which may make more patients eligible for SCIg therapy 

Increasing supply of donated plasma, which increases the global supply of Ig medications 

Favorable patient preference, side effect profile, and health economics for at-home SCIg compared with intravenous Ig therapy 

We intend to maintain and extend our leadership position in the SCIg market
through clinical and product innovation and commercial excellence. By improving our products, establishing thought leadership in subcutaneous
therapy, partnering with drug manufacturers, expanding geographically, and executing commercially, we intend to increase our overall global
share position and the number of patients prescribed SCIg over intravenous Ig. 

Furthermore, we plan to expand into new therapies outside of SCIg. We estimate
that at least 100 large-volume drugs are in clinical development utilizing subcutaneous infusion. The pipeline is driven by the need to
deliver high therapeutic doses, difficulty in formulating large molecules into small volumes, nursing shortage, pharmaceutical companies
shifting development programs toward at-home subcutaneous therapy, and other factors. Biopharmaceutical manufacturers seek device partners
during the drug development process. We intend to partner with them during clinical development generating services revenues to
prepare and customize our products for clinical use and regulatory clearance, as well as, product revenues post commercialization. 

We believe our track record of regulatory clearance and successful patient use, combined with our channel access,
position KORU to both maximize our growth in the core SCIg market and expand into new therapeutic areas. 

OUR PRODUCTS 

KORU s infusion devices work together as a system to deliver life-saving
therapies to patients with chronic illnesses, such as PIDD and CIDP. The FREEDOM System comprises the FREEDOM60 Syringe Driver (standard
60/50ml syringe compatible) and FreedomEdge Syringe Driver (standard 30ml and 20ml syringe and prefilled syringe compatible), HIgH-Flo
Subcutaneous Safety Needle Sets and Precision Flow Rate Tubing. The systems are portable, easy to operate, maintenance free and
do not require batteries or electricity. The FREEDOM System operates at a lower pressure than an electrical, volumetric pump and maintains
a balance between what a patient s subcutaneous tissues can tolerate what the system delivers. 

Our FREEDOM System is cleared for the most on-label subcutaneous
indications including specific FDA clearance for: delivery of specific medications through subcutaneous and intravenous routes,
including specific clearance for leading immune globulins Cutaquig , Cuvitru , Hizentra , Xembify, Empaveli 
(branded Aspaveli outside the United States), Gammagard Liquid , and a variety of antibiotics. The FREEDOM System is the
only infusion system specifically cleared for SCIg delivery with a prefilled syringe, the Hizentra 20ml prefilled syringe. 

- 2 - 

Table of Contents 

Ambulatory infusion systems are most prevalent in the home care and alternate
site markets. The SCIg products delivered by the FREEDOM System are indicated for a variety of conditions, including PIDD and CIDP
in the United States and PIDD, CIDP and Secondary Immunodeficiency Disease SIDD in Europe. Empaveli is indicated
for Paroxysmal Nocturnal Hemoglobinuria PNH ). The use of the FREEDOM System for SCIg drug delivery continues to increase,
and it remains the market leading delivery system in the U.S. for these treatments. In recent years Hizentra has received an
expanded indication for treatment of CIDP in the United States and multiple SCIg drugs have received indications for CIDP and SID outside
of the United States. It is expected that patient access to SCIg will expand as new drugs are developed, existing drugs are approved and/or
marketed in new countries, and existing drugs receive new indications. 

HIgH-Flo Subcutaneous Safety Needle Sets are an important element of the
FREEDOM System. The needle sets are available in 26- and 24-gauge sizes and feature unique design elements specific to subcutaneous self-administration.
 One such feature includes a back-cut needle designed for more comfort and less tissue damage with flexible wings to minimize patient
discomfort over prior needle set offerings. 

Precision Flow Rate Tubing is designed for repeatable flow rates without
allowing unrestricted flow. The tubing regulates the flow rate and infusion time for various applications when used with the FREEDOM
System. Each tubing set provides a different level of flow restriction and consistently delivers medication with low residual volume
to minimize drug waste. 

SALES AND DISTRIBUTION 

The FREEDOM System is sold through both direct sales and medical device
distributors to pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmacy customers and home infusion providers. Our products are sold principally
through a small number of distributors so our specialty pharmacy customers receive the benefit of remote inventory management and one-stop
shopping. We sell the majority of our products through three distributors in the U.S. and two distributors outside the U.S. As
of December 31, 2022, these five distributors comprised approximately 72 of our net revenues with one of our U.S. distributors contributing
approximately 41 . 

Specialty pharmacies, home infusion providers, and distributors are our
primary sales contacts, although we provide education and training materials to clinicians, patients and patient advocates both in the
field and online. 

MANUFACTURING AND RAW MATERIALS 

We currently perform product assembly, calibration, pre- and post-assembly
quality control inspection and testing, and final packaging at our Chester, NY facility and have been transitioning those activities to
our leased facility in Mahwah, NJ. We expect to transition all remaining activities to Mahwah, NJ in March 2023. We have entered
into an agreement with Command Medical Products, Inc. Command ), to manufacture and supply substantially all of the Company s
subassemblies, needle sets and tubing products for supply continuity and cost savings. We expect the transition to Command to be completed
no later than the second quarter of 2023. 

Our ability to meet customer demand depends, in part, on our ability to
obtain timely and adequate delivery of components for our products. All of the components that go into the manufacturing of our products
and accessories are sourced from third-party suppliers on a single source basis. The Company uses single-source suppliers in part due
to governmental approval and validation requirements. A change in supplier, or the use of multiple suppliers of the same materials, often
would necessitate additional approvals and validations, which the Company seeks to avoid unless and until the need arises. The Company
does not have any contracts with suppliers that impose material binding obligations on the Company or provide the Company with any material
rights or benefits, other than the agreement with Command. 

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 

We recognize the importance of innovation to our long-term success and
are committed to research and new product development activities. Our product development team along with outside engineering resources
are engaged in continuously improving existing product performance and researching new product opportunities to enhance our product portfolio.
 We spent 5.0 million and 2.5 million on research and development for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
 We intend to make additional investments in research and development over the next twelve months to support adding research and
development capability to develop a next-generation infusion pump and consumable system. 

- 3 - 

Table of Contents 

REGULATORY 

Our medical devices and technologies, as well as our business activities,
are subject to a complex set of regulations and rigorous enforcement, principally by the FDA, and numerous other federal, state, and non-U.S.
governmental authorities. To varying degrees, each of these agencies requires us to comply with laws and regulations governing the
development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, marketing and distribution of our products. 

The FDA regulates, among other things, the research, development, testing,
manufacturing, approval, labeling, storage, recordkeeping, advertising, promotion, marketing, distribution, post approval monitoring and
reporting, import and export of medical devices in the U.S. to assure the safety and effectiveness of medical products for their intended
use. Thus, both before and after a product is commercially released, we have ongoing responsibilities under the FDA. For instance,
all medical devices marketed in the U.S. must be manufactured in accordance with the FDA s quality system regulations QSRs ).
 Accordingly, our facility and procedures and those of our applicable suppliers are also subject to periodic inspections by the FDA
to determine compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The Federal Trade Commission also regulates the advertising of our
products. Further, we are subject to laws directed at preventing fraud and abuse, which subject our sales and marketing, training
and other practices to government scrutiny. 

Our business is also affected by patient privacy laws and government payor
cost containment initiatives, as well as environmental health and safety laws and regulations. 

U.S. Device Classification and Clearance 

Except where an exemption applies, each new or significantly modified medical
device we seek to commercially distribute in the U.S. will require either a premarket notification to the FDA requesting permission for
commercial distribution under Section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act FFDCA ), also known as a 510(k)
clearance, approval of a pre-market approval PMA application, or as part of a drug-device combination product through
a Biologics License Application BLA or New Drug Application NDA ). For example, the use of our FREEDOM
System with therapies not covered by the existing FDA clearance will require additional 510(k) clearance , BLA, NDA or PMA approval. 

Under the 510(k) process, applicants must demonstrate to the FDA that a
device is as safe and effective as, or substantially equivalent to, a legally marketed device, known as the predicate device.
 Applicants must submit performance data to establish substantial equivalence. In some instances, data from human clinical
trials must also be submitted in support of a 510(k), and this data must be collected in a manner that conforms to the applicable Investigational
Device Exemption IDE regulations. The FDA must issue a substantial equivalence determination before commercial distribution
can occur. Changes to cleared devices that will not significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device can generally
be made without additional 510(k) submissions. Changes that will significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device
will require a new 510(k) prior to marketing of the modified device. We cannot predict with any certainty how future reforms to
Federal regulations may impact our business. See ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

Under the PMA application process, the applicant must demonstrate that
the device is safe and effective for its intended use. This approval process applies to most Class III devices, and generally requires
clinical data to support the safety and effectiveness of the device, obtained in conformance with IDE regulations. The FDA will
approve a PMA application if it finds that there is a reasonable assurance that the device is safe and effective for its intended purpose,
and that the proposed manufacturing is in compliance with the QSRs. For novel technologies, the FDA will seek input from an advisory
panel of medical experts regarding the safety and effectiveness of, and their benefit-risk analysis for the device. The PMA process
is generally more detailed, lengthier and more expensive than the 510(k) process, though both processes can be expensive and lengthy,
and requires payment of significant user fees, unless an exemption is available. 

Under the NDA and BLA application process, the applicant must demonstrate
that the drug or drug-device combination is safe and effective for its intended use. Various FDA reviewers will provide written
evaluations in their areas of expertise which are consolidated and provided to FDA senior staff for final evaluation. FDA then provides
the application sponsor approval or a deficiency letter. In the case of a deficiency letter, the sponsor must submit an adequate response
to continue the review process. The NDA and BLA processes involve considerable expense associated with data collection and analysis and
other expenses. 

We are also required to comply with the regulations of every other country
where we commercialize products before we can launch or maintain new products on the market. Many countries that previously did
not have medical device regulations, or had minimal regulations, are now introducing them. 

- 4 - 

Table of Contents 

International sales of medical devices manufactured in the U.S. that are
not approved by the FDA for use in the U.S., or that are banned or deviate from lawful performance standards, are subject to FDA export
requirements. Additionally, exported devices are subject to the regulatory requirements of each country to which the device is exported.
 Some countries do not have medical device regulations, but in most foreign countries, medical devices are regulated. Frequently,
regulatory approval may first be obtained in a foreign country prior to application in the U.S. due to differing regulatory requirements;
however, other countries require approval in the country of origin first. Most countries outside of the U.S. require that product
approvals be recertified on a regular basis, generally every five years. The recertification process requires that we evaluate any
device changes and any new regulations or standards relevant to the device and, where needed, conduct appropriate testing to document
continued compliance. Where recertification applications are required, they must be approved in order to continue selling our products
in those countries. 

Post-Approval Regulation 

Even after a device is cleared or approved by FDA for marketing, numerous
regulatory requirements continue to apply. The FDA and other worldwide regulatory agencies and competent authorities actively monitor
compliance to local laws and regulations through review and inspection of design and manufacturing practices, record-keeping, reporting
of adverse events, labeling and promotional practices. The FDA can ban certain medical devices, detain or seize adulterated or misbranded
medical devices, order repair, replacement or refund of these devices and require notification of health professionals and others with
regard to medical devices that present unreasonable risks of substantial harm to the public health. The FDA may also enjoin and
restrain a company for certain violations of the FFDCA and the Safe Medical Devices Act pertaining to medical devices or initiate action
for criminal prosecution of such violations. In addition, FDA and other governmental agencies such as the Department of Justice
can take action against a company that promotes off-label uses. Regulatory agencies and authorities in the countries
where we do business can halt production in or distribution within their respective country or otherwise take action in accordance with
local laws and regulations. Any adverse regulatory action, depending on its magnitude, may restrict a company from effectively marketing
and selling its products, may limit a company s ability to obtain future premarket clearances or approvals, and could result in
a substantial modification to a company s business practices and operations. 

Manufacturing Regulation 

We must also comply with FDA and foreign agency regulations governing medical
device manufacturing practices. The FDA and foreign agencies require manufacturers to register their establishments, and they monitor
compliance with device manufacturing requirements through inspections of manufacturing facilities. If an investigator observes conditions
that might be violative, the manufacturer must correct those conditions or explain them satisfactorily or face potential regulatory action
that might include physical removal of the product from the marketplace. We are an FDA-registered medical device manufacturer and
must demonstrate that we comply with the FDA s QSR and Current Good Manufacturing Practices cGMPs ). 

We believe that our products and procedures are in compliance with all
applicable FDA and international regulations. There is no assurance, however, that other products we are developing or products
that we may develop in the future will be cleared by the FDA and classified as Class II products, or that additional regulations restricting
the sale of our present or proposed products will not be promulgated by the FDA or other foreign agencies. In addition, changes
in FDA, or other federal or state health, environmental or safety regulations or their applications could adversely affect our business. 

Other Healthcare Laws 

We are subject to additional healthcare regulation and enforcement by the
federal government and by authorities in the states and foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct our business. These laws include: 

the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute or specific intent to violate it to have committed a violation; 

federal false claims laws which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid or other federal third-party payors that are false or fraudulent. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the False Claims Act; 

- 5 - 

Table of Contents 

the federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law, which prohibits, among other things, offering or transferring remuneration to a federal healthcare beneficiary that a person knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary s decision to order or receive items or services reimbursable by the government from a particular provider or supplier; 

federal criminal laws that prohibit executing a scheme to defraud any federal healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters; 

the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ), as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, which governs the conduct of certain electronic healthcare transactions and protects the security and privacy of protected health information; 

the federal Physician Payment Sunshine Act, which requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), certain health care professionals beginning in 2022, and teaching hospitals and ownership and investment interests held by the physicians described above and their immediate family members, and payments or other transfers of value to such physician owners; and 

analogous state and foreign law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers; state laws that require pharmaceutical and device companies to comply with the industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the applicable compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state laws that require device manufacturers to track and report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or pricing, marketing expenditures and information; and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

Violations of any of the laws described above include civil and criminal
penalties, damages, fines, the curtailment or restructuring of an entity s operations, the debarment, suspension or exclusion from
federal and state healthcare programs and/or imprisonment. 

Coverage and Reimbursement 

Our profitability and operations are subject to changes in legislative,
regulatory and reimbursement policies and decisions as well as changes in private payer reimbursement coverage and payment decisions and
policies. Our products are purchased by specialty pharmacies and ambulatory service providers or hospitals that typically bill various
third-party payors, such as governmental programs (e.g., Medicare, Medicaid, and comparable non-U.S. programs), private insurance plans
and managed care plans, for the healthcare services and products provided to their patients. The ability of our customers to obtain
appropriate coverage and reimbursement for our products and the drugs they administer is critical because it affects which products customers
purchase and the price they are willing to pay. Third-party payors are increasingly reducing coverage and reimbursement for certain
healthcare services and products and challenging prices charged for healthcare services and products. 

Environmental Health and Safety Laws 

We are required to comply with federal, state, and local environmental
laws; however, there is no significant effect of compliance on capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position. We do not
use significant amounts of hazardous materials in the assembly of our products. 

COMPETITION AND THE MARKET 

Competition for the FREEDOM System includes electronic (volumetric) pumps,
elastomeric (infuser) pumps, and fully mechanical pumps as well as other types of pumps. Safety, ease of use, familiarity, cost
effectiveness, and accuracy are the principal driving influencers of pump selection. Electronic pumps deliver drugs at a programmed
flow rate. They are more costly and require electricity or batteries, extensive training and maintenance and must be programmed
by a qualified pharmacist or clinician. Elastomeric pumps are one-time-use balloon type devices used for infusion of drugs in intravenous
and surgical wound site applications. Pharmacies are required to fill them with drugs and deliver them to the patient. They
are easy to use from the patient point of view but can be more costly and time consuming to fill, are temperature sensitive and have larger
residual volumes than other delivery systems. 

- 6 - 

Table of Contents 

Competition for infusion devices for new drugs includes a variety of technologies
and companies. No single technological approach autoinjectors, electronic (volumetric pumps), mechanical pumps, needle-free injectors,
on-body wearable devices, pen injectors, and pre-filled syringes will meet the needs of all or even a majority of drugs. For drugs
requiring infusion volumes over 3 ml, the segment most similar to the SCIg drugs currently delivered by the FREEDOM System, the most relevant
approaches include mechanical pumps, on-body wearable devices, and simple electronic pumps. Challenges to their successful commercialization
include high costs per infusion, increased environmental impact, complexity for users, and complex mechanisms with multiple failure modes. 

HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 85 full time employees and 1 part time
employee. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 53 of the Company s workforce was female and approximately 43 of the Company s
employees in managerial roles were female. Approximately 41 were minorities (non-White) in the Company workforce as of December
31, 2022. None of our employees are represented by a collective bargaining agreement. 

To help drive consistent execution of our business strategy, including
our customer focused philosophy, and support their development, we provide training opportunities to our employees that align with their
responsibilities over their career with us. We maintain a dedicated Internet-based learning platform with a broad portfolio of written,
audio-visual and interactive enterprise-wide and discipline-specific policy and training materials. This platform includes a library
of self-directed courses and virtual, instructor-led programs for employees at all levels of our organization. Managers and supervisors
are provided training to help their employees progress in their professional development. 

We believe our employees are key to achieving our business objectives.
 We have COVID-19 prevention protocols in place to minimize the spread of COVID-19 in our workplace. 

Our key human capital measures include employee safety, turnover, absenteeism
and production. We frequently benchmark our compensation practices and benefits programs against those of comparable industries
and in the geographic areas where our facilities are located. We believe that our compensation and employee benefits are competitive
and allow us to attract and retain skilled and unskilled labor throughout our organization. Our notable health, welfare and retirement
benefits include: 

Company subsidized health insurance 

401(k) Plan with Company matching contributions 

Paid time off 

Life and disability insurance 

We strive to maintain an inclusive environment free from discrimination
of any kind, including sexual or other discriminatory harassment. Our employees have multiple avenues available through which inappropriate
behavior can be reported, including a confidential hotline. All reports of inappropriate behavior are promptly investigated with
appropriate action taken to stop such behavior. 

PATENTS AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 

We have patents and other intellectual property that we believe protect the FREEDOM System, and we continue to file
patent applications in connection with our research and development activities. As of December 31, 2022, we own 14 U.S. Patents and 60
foreign patents. In addition, we have 5 pending U.S. patent applications and 11 foreign patent applications. The fundamental patents protecting
our drug delivery systems extend until 2034 and beyond. 

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

The following table sets forth certain information with respect to our
executive officers as of March 8, 2023: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position / Held Since 
 
 Linda Tharby 
 
 54 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and President (since April 2021) 
 
 Tom Adams 
 
 50 
 
 Interim Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer (since July 2022) 
 
 Brian Case 
 
 50 
 
 Chief Technology Officer (since April 2022) 

Executive officers hold office at the discretion of the Board of Directors. 

- 7 - 

Table of Contents 

Ms. Tharby was appointed as President and CEO in April 2021. Ms. Tharby
has over 25 years of executive leadership experience building and leading strong performing global organizations that develop and commercialize
products and service innovations, while delivering solutions to patients in the home setting. Prior to joining KORU, Ms. Tharby spent
the last 24 years working in various roles of increased responsibility at Becton Dickinson BD ). Ms. Tharby was a
member of the Executive Leadership team of BD that transformed the company from an 8 billion medical supplies company to an 18 billion
global medical technology company. Ms. Tharby s last role was as Chief Customer Experience Officer from July 2018 through
December 2020. Prior to that she served as BD s Chief Human Resources Officer, from October 2016 through July 2018. From 1998
to 2016, she held numerous senior global business leadership roles at BD, including Executive Vice President and President of Life Sciences,
Group President of Pre-Analytical Systems and Biosciences, Worldwide President of Diabetes Care, and Vice President/General Manager of
Pharmaceutical Systems. Ms. Tharby has an Honors Bachelor of Business Administration from Wilfrid Laurier University in Waterloo, Ontario
Canada. 

Mr. Adams joined KORU Medical Systems in November 2021 as Vice President
of Financial Planning and Analysis and was appointed Interim- Chief Financial Officer in July 2022. Mr. Adams has an extensive background
in financial planning, corporate finance, commercial and supply chain finance, and mergers and acquisitions (M A). Prior to joining
KORU, Mr. Adams spent 10 years at Integra Life Sciences in various leadership positions in Finance and Accounting Controllership with
most recent position as Senior Director of Finance. In this role, Mr. Adams was the head of finance for Integra s Tissue Technology
Business where he served a leading role in supporting a 500 million business unit to high growth and profitability. Previous roles included
Group Controller/Head of FP A Global Supply and prior to Integra Life Sciences, Mr. Adams served as Director of Finance at Pfizer
Inc serving in many domestic and international roles. Mr. Adams earned his Bachelor of Science in Business Administration-Accounting 
Finance from the Ohio State University. 

Mr. Case joined KORU Medical Systems in April 2022 as Chief Technology
Officer. Mr. Case brings over 20 years of research and development experience working with a combination of large and small medical device
companies. For the 16 years prior to joining KORU, Mr. Case was an R D leader with Fresenius Kabi, a global leader specializing
in lifesaving medicines and technologies for infusion, transfusion, and clinical nutrition. As the Vice President of R D for
the Transfusion and Cell Technologies business, Mr. Case provided global business and technical leadership to drive the long-term product
vitality of the business and promote entry into new business areas. During his time at Fresenius, Mr. Case s many accomplishments
included bringing new products and technologies to market, leading to new business divisions, multiple international product approvals
and value creation for the company. Mr. Case also led the Project Management office for the company, responsible for the identification
and implementation of best practices and functional excellence. Prior to Fresenius, Mr. Case was the R D Manager, Advanced Research
at Cook Medical where he led a cross-functional team that developed and assessed new technologies to create a product portfolio to service
the peripheral disease market. Mr. Case s work has been prolific with over 100 patents filed during his career. Mr. Case received
his Master of Science in Engineering Management from Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology, and his Bachelor of Science in Engineering Mechanics,
from University of Illinois. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

RISK FACTORS 

An investment in our common stock involves significant risks. Before
making an investment in our common stock, you should carefully consider all of the information contained in this Annual Report on Form
10-K and our other filings with the SEC including the material risks and uncertainties that we have identified below. The risks
and uncertainties identified below are not the only risks and uncertainties we face. If any of the material risks or uncertainties
that we face were to occur, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose part or all of your investment. Please
note that additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may adversely affect our business, operations,
results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

If we are unable to successfully introduce new products or fail to
keep pace with advances in technology, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We need to successfully introduce new products to achieve our strategic
business objectives. A significant element of our strategy is to increase revenue growth by investing in innovation and new product
development, which will require substantial resources. Our successful product development will depend on many factors, including
our ability to attract strong talent to lead our research and development efforts, properly anticipate and satisfy customer needs, adapt
to new technologies, obtain regulatory concurrence on a timely basis, demonstrate satisfactory clinical results, manufacture products
in an economical and timely manner, obtain appropriate intellectual property protection for our products, gain and maintain market acceptance
of our products, and differentiate our products from those of our competitors. In addition, patents attained by others can preclude
or delay our commercialization of a product. There can be no assurance that any products now in development or that we may seek to develop
in the future will achieve technological feasibility, obtain regulatory concurrence or gain market acceptance. If we cannot successfully
introduce new products or adapt to changing technologies, our products may become obsolete, and our revenue and profitability could suffer. 

- 8 - 

Table of Contents 

Our business depends on an adequate supply of drugs to be administered
by our products. 

Demand for our products depends on the availability of drugs to be administered
by them. Currently, most of our products require immunoglobulin therapies that rely on blood plasma collection for drugs such as
Hizentra and Cuvitru . Any disruption in the supply of these drugs for any reason, including contamination, could significantly
adversely affect our business. The change of any drug indication by the FDA or comparable foreign governmental agencies could also
result in decreased demand for our products. In addition, pharmaceutical companies and other competitors have or are developing
alternative therapies for disease states that are deliverable with devices we do not offer or without a medical device. The COVID-19
pandemic has negatively impacted the collection of plasma, the source of the active ingredient of SCIg medications, which may limit the
supply of these drugs. If there is not an adequate supply of drugs requiring administration by medical devices such as those provided
by us or alternative therapies are developed, our sales may suffer and/or our products may become obsolete. 

Our compliance with EU MDR regulations by December 2028 will require significant
investment and, if we are not in compliance by that time, we will not be able to sell our products in the EU. 

In the European Union EU ), we are required to comply with
the new Medical Device Regulation MDR or EU MDR effective May 2021, which supersedes the prior Medical Device
Directives. Medical devices which have a valid CE certificate to the current Medical Device Directives (issued before May 2021), as do
all of our current products, can continue to be sold until December 2028 or until the CE certificate expires, whichever comes first, providing
there are no significant changes as defined in Article 120 of EU MDR. The MDR was published in May 2017 with a 3-year transition period.
That transition period was extended to May 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In early 2023, the transition period was further extended
to December 2028 for class IIa products. The CE mark required to sell medical devices in the EU is affixed following conformity assessment
and either approval from an appointed independent notified body or through self-certification by the manufacturer. The selected pathway
to CE marking is based on product risk classification. CE marking indicates conformity to the applicable essential requirements of the
relevant Medical Device Directives and in the future to the general safety and performance requirements for the new MDR. The MDR will
change multiple aspects of the existing regulatory framework for CE marking, such as increased clinical evidence requirements and other
new requirements, including Unique Device Identification UDI as well as many other post-market obligations. MDR also significantly
modifies and increases the compliance requirements for the industry and will require significant investment by us in the near future to
implement. 

Our products are also subject to approval and regulation by foreign regulatory
and safety agencies. For example, the EU has adopted the EU Medical Device Regulation (the EU MDR and the In Vitro Diagnostic
Regulation (the EU IVDR ), each of which impose stricter requirements for the marketing and sale of medical devices, including
in the area of clinical evaluation requirements, quality systems and post-market surveillance. Implementation of the compliance requirements
of these regulations requires us to incur significant expenditures and utilize resources. Failure to continue to meet these requirements
could adversely impact our business in the EU and other regions that tie their product registrations to the EU requirements. 

If we are unable to comply with the MDR by December 2028, we will not be able
to sell our products in the EU, which will materially impact our net revenues. 

Interruption of our manufacturing operations, including due to transitioning
to our new facility, could adversely affect our future revenues and operating income. 

The FDA and other U. S. and non-U.S. government agencies regulate our manufacturing
operations, which includes product assembly, calibration, pre- and post-assembly quality control inspection and testing, and final packaging
for all of our products. Variations in the manufacturing process may result in production failures which could lead to launch delays,
product shortage, unanticipated costs, lost revenues and damage to our reputation. A failure to identify and address manufacturing
problems prior to the release of products to our customers may also result in a quality or safety issue that could result in a recall
or other inability to sell our products. 

Our products are currently manufactured and stored at our corporate headquarters
and manufacturing facilities. Loss or damage to our manufacturing and storage sites due to weather, vandalism, terrorism, a natural
disaster, issues in our manufacturing process, equipment failure or other factors, could adversely affect our ability to manufacture sufficient
quantities of products or otherwise deliver products to meet customer demand or contractual requirements which may result in a loss of
revenue and other adverse business consequences, including damage to our relationship with customers. Additionally, Command manufactures
and supplies the Company s subassemblies, needle sets and tubing products in Nicaragua. There could be a delay in providing the
products timely due to their climate and international boundaries. 

- 9 - 

Table of Contents 

We take precautions to safeguard our facilities, including acquiring insurance,
adopting health and safety protocols and utilizing off-site storage of computer data. Our insurance may not cover our losses in
any particular case. In addition, regardless of the level of insurance coverage, damage to our facilities may harm our business,
financial condition and operating results. 

Public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, have had, and
could in the future have, a negative effect on our business. 

Pandemics or disease outbreaks, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, have created
and may continue to create significant volatility, uncertainty and economic disruption in the markets we sell our products into and operate
in, primarily the U.S., Europe, and Asia-Pacific and may negatively impact business and healthcare activity globally. In response to the
COVID-19 pandemic, governments around the world have imposed measures designed to reduce the transmission of COVID-19 and individuals
continue to respond to the fear of contracting COVID-19. In particular, elective procedures and exams were delayed or cancelled, there
were significant reductions in physician office visits, and hospitals postponed or canceled capital purchases as well as limited or eliminated
services. While elective procedures and exams and capital purchases have increased from initially depressed levels, the reduction in elective
procedures, exams and capital purchases has had, and we believe may continue to have, a negative impact on the sales of our products .
Additionally, governments and other third-party payors around the world facing tightening budgets could move to further reduce the reimbursement
rates or the scope of coverage offered, which could further adversely affect sales of our products. 

The extent to which fear of exposure to or actual effects of COVID-19,
new variants, disease outbreak, epidemic or a similar widespread health concern impacts our business will depend on future developments,
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, such as the speed and extent of geographic spread of the disease,
the duration of the outbreak, travel restrictions, the efficacy of vaccination and treatment; impact on the U.S. and international healthcare
systems, the U.S. economy and worldwide economy; the timing, scope and effectiveness of U.S. and international governmental response;
and the impact on the health, well-being and productivity of our employees. 

We may be unable to compete successfully in our highly competitive
industry. 

We operate in a single market ambulatory infusion and are
dependent upon our success in that market. We face competition in our market from a wide range of international and domestic companies,
including those that deliver electronic volumetric pumps, elastomeric infuser pumps, other mechanical devices, novel drug delivery devices
and methodologies, and devices and formulation technologies that allow drugs to be delivered in volumes smaller than the FREEDOM System
is designed to deliver. These include large medical device companies with multiple product lines, some of which may have greater
financial and marketing resources than we do. We also face competition from companies that are even more specialized than ours with
respect to particular markets or product lines. Some of those companies have greater financial and sales and marketing resources
than we do or offer products at a lower price point than ours. In addition, former employees may develop products that are competitive
with ours or capitalize on customer relationships developed while employed with us, subject to their continuing obligations under confidentiality
agreements and other restrictive covenants that may survive their employment. We face competition on the basis of product features,
clinical or economic outcomes, product quality, availability, price, services, technological innovation and other factors. In addition,
we face changing customer preferences and requirements, changes in the ways health care services are delivered, including the transition
of high-acuity care to lower-acuity, and non-acute care settings. 

Competition may increase further as additional companies begin to enter
our market or modify their existing products to compete directly with ours. If we are forced to reduce our prices due to increased
competition, our business could suffer. 

The medical technology industry has also experienced a significant amount
of consolidation, resulting in larger companies with greater access to markets. Pharmaceutical manufacturers, health care systems,
other health care companies and even retail pharmacies are also consolidating, resulting in greater purchasing power for these companies.
 As a result, competition among medical device suppliers to provide goods and services has increased. Group purchasing organizations
and integrated health delivery networks have also served to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, which has led to downward
pricing pressure for medical device suppliers. Further consolidation in the industry could intensify competition among medical device
suppliers and exert additional pressure on the prices of our products. 

Consolidation in the medical industry could have a negative impact with
payor and provider relationships and distributor relationships, as we could lose market share as consolidation occurs. 

- 10 - 

Table of Contents 

Technological developments by others may disrupt our business and
negatively impact our revenues. 

The medical device industry is subject to rapid technological change and
discovery and frequent product introductions. The development of new or improved products, processes or technologies by other companies
that provide better features, pricing or clinical outcomes or economic value may render our products or proposed products obsolete or
less competitive. If our competitors respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements or
we do not introduce new versions or upgrades to our product portfolio in response to those requirements, our products may not be marketable.
 If competitors develop more effective or affordable products or achieve earlier patent protection or product commercialization for
new products than we do, our operations will likely be adversely affected. 

We are subject to costly and complex laws and governmental regulations
and any adverse regulatory action may materially adversely affect our financial condition and business operations. 

Our medical devices and technologies, as well as our business activities,
are subject to a complex set of regulations and rigorous enforcement, principally by the FDA, numerous other federal, state, and non-U.S.
governmental authorities and equivalent regulatory bodies of other countries. To varying degrees, each of these agencies requires
us to comply with laws and regulations governing the design, development, and manufacturing; testing, labeling, content and language of
instructions for use and storage; clinical trials; product safety; establishment registration and device listing; marketing, promotion,
and distribution of our products; premarket clearance and approval; record keeping procedures; advertising and promotion; recalls and
field safety corrective actions; post-market surveillance, including reporting of deaths or serious injuries and malfunctions that, if
they were to recur, could lead to death or serious injury; post-market approval studies; and product import and export. 

In the U.S., our device products are subject to clearance or approval by
FDA under the FFDCA. Before we can market a new medical device, or a new use of, new claim for, or significant modification to,
an existing product, we must first receive either 510(k) clearance or approval of a PMA application from the FDA, unless an exemption
applies. Under the 510(k) process, the manufacturer must submit to the FDA a premarket notification, demonstrating that the device
is substantially equivalent, as defined in the statute, to a legally marketed predicate device. To be substantially
equivalent, the proposed device must have the same intended use as the predicate device, and either have the same technological
characteristics as the predicate device or have different technological characteristics and not raise different questions of safety or
effectiveness than the predicate device. If the manufacturer is unable to demonstrate substantial equivalence to FDA s satisfaction,
or if there is no available predicate device, then the manufacturer may be required to seek approval through the PMA application process,
which is generally more costly and time consuming than the 510(k) process. Through the PMA application process, the applicant must
submit data and information demonstrating reasonable assurance of the safety and effectiveness of the device for its intended use. Accordingly,
a PMA application typically includes, but is not limited to, extensive technical information regarding device design and development,
pre-clinical and clinical trial data, manufacturing information, labeling and financial disclosure information for the clinical investigators
in device studies. In the future our device products may be approved as part of a drug submission under a combination product regulatory
pathway. Under the combination product approval process, our device would typically be submitted as part of a drug application, typically
a BLA or NDA in the United States. The proof required for approval as a combination product is similar to that required for a 510(k),
but may differ in material ways. In addition, the regulatory approval is held by the pharmaceutical manufacturer, not KORU. 

We cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain or maintain FDA 510(k)
clearance or premarket approval for our new products or enhancements or modifications to existing products (including the use of our FREEDOM
System with therapies not covered by the existing FDA clearance), and the failure to maintain approvals or clearances, or obtain approval
or clearance could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Even if
we are able to obtain approval or clearance, it may: 

take a significant amount of time 

require the expenditure of substantial resources 

involve stringent clinical and pre-clinical testing, as well as increased post-market surveillance 

involve modifications, repairs, or replacements of our products, and 

limit the proposed uses of our products. 

- 11 - 

Table of Contents 

Both before and after a product is commercially released, we have ongoing
responsibilities under the FDA and other applicable non-U.S. government agency laws and regulations. The FDA and other worldwide
regulatory agencies actively monitor compliance with local laws and regulations through review and inspection of design and manufacturing
practices, recordkeeping, reporting of adverse events, labeling and promotional practices. The results of these inspections can
include inspectional observations on the FDA s Form 483, warning letters, or other forms of enforcement. If the FDA or any
state or foreign regulatory authorities were to conclude that we are not in compliance with any applicable laws or regulations, or that
any of our medical products are ineffective or pose an unreasonable health risk, they could deem our products adulterated or misbranded,
and take enforcement action against us. FDA and state and foreign regulatory authorities have broad enforcement powers. Possible
enforcement actions include, but are not limited to: temporarily or permanently suspending the sale and/or distribution of such
medical products; detaining or seizing all adulterated or misbranded medical products; ordering recall, repair, replacement, or refund
of such products; refusing to grant pending pre-market approval or 510(k) clearance applications; and/or requiring us to notify health
professionals and others that the devices present unreasonable risks of substantial harm to the public health. In addition, the
FDA prohibits device manufacturers from promoting their products for uses and indications other than those set forth in the approved product
labeling, and failure to comply with this prohibition could subject us to significant civil or criminal exposure, administrative obligations
and costs, and/or other potential penalties from, and/or agreements with, the federal government. The FDA and other non-U.S. government
agencies may also assess civil or criminal penalties against us, our officers or employees and impose operating restrictions on a company-wide
basis. The FDA may also recommend prosecution to the U.S. Department of Justice. Any adverse regulatory action, depending
on its magnitude, may restrict us from effectively marketing and selling our products and limit our ability to obtain future pre-market
clearances or approvals, and could result in a substantial modification to our business practices and operations. 

Regulations regarding the development, manufacture and sale of medical
devices are evolving and subject to future change and have tended to become more stringent over time. Regulatory changes could result
in restrictions on our ability to continue or expand our operations, higher than anticipated costs, or lower than anticipated sales. We
cannot predict what impact, if any, those changes might have on our business; however, failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Later discovery of previously
unknown problems with a product or manufacturer could result in fines, delays or suspensions of regulatory clearances or approvals, seizures
or recalls of products, physician advisories or other field actions, operating restrictions and/or criminal prosecution. We may
also initiate field actions as a result of a failure to strictly comply with our internal quality policies. The failure to receive
product approval clearance on a timely basis, suspensions of regulatory clearances, seizures or recalls of products, physician advisories
or other field actions, or the withdrawal of product approval by the FDA or by comparable agencies in foreign countries could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Governmental regulations outside the U.S. have also, and may continue to,
become increasingly stringent and common. Penalties for regulatory non-compliance could be severe, including fines and revocation
or suspension of a company s EU device approval, ability to distribute products and criminal sanctions. Future foreign governmental
laws and regulations may have a material adverse effect on us. 

In addition, exported devices are subject to the regulatory requirements
of each country to which the device is exported. Some countries do not have medical device regulations, but in most foreign countries,
medical devices are regulated. Frequently, regulatory approval may first be obtained in a foreign country prior to application in
the U.S. due to differing regulatory requirements; however, other countries, such as China for example, require approval in the country
of origin or legal manufacturer first. Most countries outside of the U.S. require that product approvals be renewed or recertified
on a regular basis, generally every four to five years. The renewal or recertification process requires that we evaluate any device
changes and any new regulations or standards relevant to the device and conduct appropriate testing to document continued compliance.
 Where renewal or recertification applications are required, they may need to be renewed and/or approved in order to continue selling
our products in those countries. There can be no assurance that we will receive the required approvals for new products or modifications
to existing products on a timely basis or that any approval will not be subsequently withdrawn or conditioned upon extensive post market
study requirements. 

Our global regulatory environment is becoming increasingly stringent and
unpredictable, which could increase the time, cost and complexity of obtaining regulatory approvals for our products, as well as the clinical
and regulatory costs of supporting those approvals. Several countries that did not have regulatory requirements for medical devices
have established such requirements in recent years and other countries have expanded on existing regulations. Certain regulators
are exhibiting less flexibility and are requiring local preclinical and clinical data in addition to global data. While harmonization
of global regulations has been pursued, requirements continue to differ significantly among countries. In the United Kingdom, for
example, the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) is responsible for regulating the UK medical device market. With
recent changes in the United Kingdom s membership with the European Union, the MHRA has and will continue to impose new regulatory
obligations becoming effective in 2021 through 2023, for medical device manufacturers. We expect this global regulatory environment
will continue to evolve, which could impact our ability to obtain future approvals for our products or could increase the cost and time
to obtain such approvals in the future. 

- 12 - 

Table of Contents 

Our business and financial results may be materially adversely affected
if our facility is not ready for manufacturing when the lease on our current facility expires on March 31, 2023. 

The lease on our current corporate headquarters and manufacturing facility
expires on March 31, 2023. We have entered into a lease for a new facility for our operations, and we expect to complete our move into
that facility in the first quarter of 2023. If we are unable to establish continuous manufacturing operations in our new facility before
our existing lease expires, our revenues will suffer. We may not be able to establish such operations before our existing lease expires
due to a number of factors, including delays in construction caused by raw materials, labor shortages and unforeseen complications; delays
in receiving necessary regulatory approvals from U.S. and international authorities; unexpected manufacturing quality issues; inability
to hire or retain necessary personnel; and other unforeseen circumstances. We have begun building our product inventory and expect to
continue to do so through the first quarter of 2023, in order to ensure we can continue to service our customers in the event we are unable
to maintain continuous manufacturing operations. 

Health care policy changes and industry cost-containment measures
could result in downward pricing pressure for our products and limit our sales. 

Most of our customers, and those to whom our customers supply medical devices,
rely on third-party payers, including government programs and private health insurance plans, to reimburse some or all the cost of the
medical devices we manufacture. The continuing efforts of governmental authorities, insurance companies and other payers of health
care costs to contain or reduce these costs and, more generally, to reform the health care system, could limit the prices we are able
to charge for our products or the amounts of reimbursement available for our products or the drugs that they administer, which would put
pressure on us to reduce our prices for our products and/or limit our sales. The adoption of some or all of these proposals could
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Issues with product quality could have an adverse effect upon our
business, subject us to regulatory actions, cause a loss of customer confidence in us or our products, among other negative consequences. 

Quality management plays an essential role in determining and meeting customer
requirements, preventing defects, improving our products and services, and assuring the safety and efficacy of our products. Our
future success depends on our ability to maintain and continuously improve our quality management program. While we have a quality
system that covers the lifecycle of our products, quality and safety issues may occur with respect to any of our products. A quality
or safety issue may result in adverse inspection reports, voluntary or official action indicated, warning letters, import bans, product
recalls (either voluntary or required by the FDA or 

 similar governmental authorities in other countries) or seizures, monetary
sanctions, injunctions to halt manufacture and distribution of products, civil or criminal sanctions, costly litigation, refusal of a
government to grant approvals and licenses, restrictions on operations or withdrawal of existing approvals and licenses. An inability
to address a quality or safety issue in an effective and timely manner may also cause negative publicity, a loss of customer confidence
in us or our current or future products, which may result in the loss of sales and difficulty in successfully launching new products. 

Defects or quality issues associated with our products could adversely
affect the results of our operations. 

The design, manufacture and marketing of medical devices involve certain
inherent risks. Manufacturing or design defects, component failures, unapproved or improper use of our products, or inadequate disclosure
of risks or other information relating to the use of our products can lead to injury or other serious adverse events. We are subject
to the FDA s medical device reporting regulations and similar foreign regulations, which require us to report to the FDA when we
receive or become aware of information that reasonably suggests that one or more of our products may have caused or contributed to a death
or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that, if the malfunction were to recur, it could cause or contribute to a death or serious
injury. The timing of our obligation to report is triggered by the date we become aware of the adverse event as well as the nature
of the event. If we fail to comply with our reporting obligations, the FDA could take action, including warning letters, untitled
letters, administrative actions, criminal prosecution, imposition of civil monetary penalties, revocation of our device clearances or
approvals, seizure of our products, or delay in clearance or approval of future products. 

These adverse events could also lead to safety alerts relating to our products
or recalls (either voluntary or as required by the FDA or similar governmental authorities in other countries), and could result, in certain
cases, in the removal of a product from the market. A recall could result in significant costs and lost sales and customers, enforcement
actions and/or investigations by state and federal governments or other enforcement bodies, as well as negative publicity and damage to
our reputation that could reduce future demand for our products. Any corrective action, whether voluntary or involuntary, as well
as defending ourselves in a lawsuit, will require the dedication of our time and capital, distract management from operating our business
and may harm our reputation and financial results. 

- 13 - 

Table of Contents 

Personal injuries relating to the use of our products can also result in
significant product liability claims being brought against us. A product liability claim, regardless of its merit or outcome, could
not only result in significant legal defense costs, but also have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation and ability
to attract and retain customers for our products. In some circumstances, adverse events could also cause delays in regulatory approval
of new products or the imposition of post-market approval requirements. 

We are subject to lawsuits. 

We have been and may be party to lawsuits, settlement discussions, mediations,
arbitrations and other disputes, including patent and product liability claims, whether brought by companies, individuals or governmental
authorities. These matters may result in a loss of patent protection, reduced revenue, incurrence of significant liabilities and
diversion of our management s time, attention and resources. Our insurance coverage may not provide adequate protection against
actual losses. In addition, we are subject to the risk that one or more of our insurers may become insolvent and become unable to
pay claims that may be made in the future. Even if we maintain adequate insurance, claims could have a material adverse effect on
our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations and on our ability to obtain suitable, adequate or cost-effective insurance
in the future. Litigation and other disputes, including any adverse outcomes, may have an adverse impact on our business, operations
or financial condition. Even claims without merit could subject us to adverse publicity and require us to incur significant legal
fees. 

If we are unable to protect our patents or other proprietary rights,
or if we infringe the patents or other proprietary rights of others, our competitiveness and business prospects may be materially damaged. 

Patent and other proprietary rights are essential to our business. We
own patents, trade secrets, trademarks and/or other intellectual property rights related to many of our products. Our success depends
to a significant degree on our ability to obtain and enforce patents, both in the U.S. and in other countries. We can lose the protection
afforded by these intellectual property assets through patent expirations, legal challenges or governmental action. Additionally,
our intellectual property rights may be challenged or infringed upon by third parties, particularly in countries where property rights
are not highly developed or protected, or we may be unable to enter into license agreements with third-party owners of intellectual property
on reasonable terms. Unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights or inability to preserve existing intellectual property
rights could adversely impact our competitive position and results of operations. 

The patent position of a medical device company is often uncertain and
involves complex legal and factual questions. Significant litigation concerning patents and products is pervasive in our industry.
 Patent claims include challenges to the coverage and validity of our patents on products or processes as well as allegations that
our products infringe patents held by competitors or other third parties. A loss in any of these types of cases could result in
a loss of patent protection or the ability to market products, which could lead to a significant loss of sales, or otherwise materially
affect future results of operations. We also rely on trademarks, trade secrets and know-how to develop, maintain and strengthen
our competitive positions. Third parties may know, discover or independently develop equivalent proprietary information or techniques,
or they may gain access to our trade secrets or disclose our trade secrets to the public. 

Although our employees, consultants, parties to collaboration agreements
and other business partners are generally subject to confidentiality or similar agreements to protect our confidential and proprietary
information, these agreements may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies in the event of a breach of confidence. To
the extent that our employees, consultants, parties to collaboration agreements and other business partners use intellectual property
owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions. 

Furthermore, our intellectual property, other proprietary technology and
other sensitive company data is potentially vulnerable to loss, damage or misappropriation from system malfunction, computer viruses,
unauthorized access to our data or misappropriation or misuse thereof by those with permitted access and other events. While we
have invested to protect our intellectual property, confidential information and other data, and continue to work diligently in this area,
there can be no assurance that our precautionary measures will prevent breakdowns, breaches, cyber incidents or other events. Such events
could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Misappropriation or other loss of our intellectual property from any of
the foregoing would have an adverse effect on our competitive position and may cause us to incur substantial litigation costs. 

- 14 - 

Table of Contents 

We need to attract and retain key employees to be competitive. 

Our ability to compete effectively depends upon our ability to attract
and retain executives and other key employees, including people in technical, marketing, sales, research and development, quality assurance
and regulatory compliance positions. We depend on key management personnel and attracting and retaining other qualified personnel,
and our business could be harmed if we lose key management personnel or cannot attract and retain other qualified personnel. We
do not maintain any key man insurance policies on the lives of any of our employees. 

The failure to attract, integrate, motivate, and retain additional skilled
and qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business. We compete for such personnel against numerous companies,
including larger, more established companies with significantly greater financial resources than we possess. Our ability to recruit
such talent will depend on a number of factors, including compensation and benefits, work location and work environment. There can
be no assurance that we will be successful in attracting or retaining such personnel and the failure to do so could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We sell a majority of our products through only a few distributors
on whom we depend, and our financial results depend on their purchasing patterns. 

Most of our customers prefer to purchase our products through distributors,
rather than directly from us, because of one-stop shopping convenience and their ability to ship directly to patients. We
sell most of our products through a small number of distributors, three in the U.S. and two outside the U.S. As of December 31,
2022, these five distributors comprised approximately 72 of our net revenues with one U.S. distributor contributing 41 . Purchasing
patterns by these distributors cannot always be predicted and fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year to year based on, among other
things, their expectations of customer demand. Any decline in business with the distributors outside the U.S. could have an adverse
impact on our business. If we were unable to sell through the distributors outside the U.S., we would have to find other distributors
or broaden our customer base and expand direct relationships with customers. Other distributors may not be available or may not
agree to arrangements that are commercially reasonable. In the U.S. we could transition to direct customer purchase; however, customers
may not want to purchase directly from us and may decide to purchase competitors products through their distributors. Moreover,
a transition from distributors to direct customer purchase would be time consuming and costly. 

We and the biopharmaceutical companies with whom we do novel therapies
business our biopharma customers are subject to extensive regulation by governments around the world, and if these regulations
are not complied with, existing and future operations may be curtailed, and we could be subject to liability. 

Our devices and our biopharma customers products that may utilize
our device are subject to extensive regulation by governmental authorities in the United States, Europe and other countries, including
the FDA. Not only do these regulations present challenges during the regulatory approval process, but after our devices or our biopharma
customers products that may utilize our device are approved for new indications and placed in the market, numerous regulatory requirements
will apply. These include, but are not limited to QSR, labeling regulations and FDA prohibitions against the promotion of products
for uncleared, unapproved or off label uses, medical device reporting regulations and post-market surveillance regulations,
and laws and regulations that govern the development, testing, manufacturing, advertising, marketing and distribution of medical devices,
including our devices and our biopharma customers products that may utilize our device. The FDA has broad post-market and
regulatory enforcement powers. 

In the European Union EU ), we are required to comply with
the new Medical Device Regulation MDR or EU MDR effective May 2021, which will supersedes the prior Medical
Device Directives. Class IIa medical devices which have a valid CE certificate to the current Medical Device Directives can continue
to be sold until December 2028 or until the CE certificate expires, whichever comes first, providing there are no significant changes
as defined in Article 120 of EU MDR. The MDR was published in May 2017 with a 3-year transition period. That transition period
was extended to May 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In 2023, the transition period was extended further to December 2028 for
Class IIa products. The CE mark required to sell medical devices in the EU is affixed following conformity assessment and either approval
from an appointed independent notified body or through self-certification by the manufacturer. The selected pathway to CE marking
is based on product risk classification. CE marking indicates conformity to the applicable essential requirements of the relevant
Medical Device Directives and in the future to the general safety and performance requirements for the new MDR. The MDR will change
multiple aspects of the existing regulatory framework for CE marking, such as increased clinical evidence requirements and other new requirements,
including Unique Device Identification UDI as well as many other post-market obligations. MDR also significantly
modifies and increases the compliance requirements for the industry and will require significant investment in the near future to implement. 

- 15 - 

Table of Contents 

If our devices are commercialized as part of a drug-delivery combination
product we, as the manufacturer of the device component of that combination product, we are subject to unannounced and preapproval inspections
by the FDA of our manufacturing facility to determine our compliance with QSR and cGMP. 

Failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements can result in
an enforcement action by the FDA or other regulatory authority, which may include any or all of the following sanctions: fines, injunctions,
consent decrees and civil penalties, recall or seizure of our products or our biopharma customers products, operating restrictions,
partial suspensions or total shutdown of production, refusing our biopharma customers requests for regulatory approvals of their
drug-device combination products or new intended uses, as applicable, refusing our requests for regulatory approval of our devices, withdrawing
our biopharma customers or our regulatory approvals that may be granted and criminal prosecution. 

The therapeutic efficacy of certain of our biopharma customers 
products that may utilize our device are either unproven in humans or has only been proven in limited circumstances, and we may not be
able to successfully develop and sell our products in combination with our biopharma customers products. 

While some of our biopharma customers use our products with established,
approved drugs, in certain instances, the benefits of those drugs as injectable therapies are either unproven or have only been proven
in limited circumstances. Our ability to generate revenue from our products will depend heavily on the successful development, commercialization
and sales of our biopharma customers products, which is subject to many potential risks. For example, data developed in clinical
trials or following the commercialization of our biopharma customers products may show that such therapies do not prove to be effective
treatments for the targets they are being designed to act against (or as effective as other treatments available). In clinical trials
or following commercialization, it may be shown that those drugs interact with human biological systems in unforeseen, ineffective or
harmful ways. If those drugs are associated with undesirable side effects or have characteristics that are unexpected, the pharmaceutical
companies that make those drugs may need to abandon clinical development or discontinue commercial sales or limit clinical development
or sales to certain uses or subpopulations in which the undesirable side effects or other characteristics are less prevalent, less severe
or more acceptable from a risk-benefit perspective. As a result of these and other risks described herein that are inherent in the
development and sale of therapeutic agents, pharmaceutical companies may never successfully develop or successfully commercialize their
drugs, or the commercialization of their drugs may be abandoned or severely limited, which may limit our profitability with respect to
biopharma customers with drugs or drug-device combination products including those drugs and our device, and we may not be successful
in achieving commercial scale production and sales of our injectable drug delivery systems in combination with certain drugs. 

Certain of the injectable therapies being targeted for use with our
products are not approved but are in various phases of clinical development. These injectable therapies may be independently terminated
by their makers prior to submission of a regulatory filing or even after regulatory approval and pharmaceutical developers may cease their
efforts with us, resulting in the cessation of any revenue associated with that contract or program. 

We work with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies who are targeting
the use of our products with a variety of injectable therapies. When we collaborate with pharmaceutical developers, they may engage
us in a variety of ways, including in vitro feasibility testing, product customization and validation development ),
non-interventional user testing of our devices, animal or human clinical research using our devices, regulatory submissions, manufacturing
development, and commercialization. Certain of those injectable therapies are not FDA approved and are in various phases of clinical development.
 The clinical development of these pipeline therapies can be terminated by their developers at any stage. Our biopharma customers
may choose to continue their drug program without use of our devices. Use in one stage of work does not guarantee use in a future development
stage or in commercialization. Furthermore, these pharmaceutical companies could obtain regulatory approval for their injectable therapies
and decide for business reasons not to require or encourage utilization of our device. Prior investments we have made in manufacturing
capacity or research and development will then not result in the generation of revenue that would have previously been anticipated. 

Our commercial success depends upon the attainment of significant
market acceptance of drug product candidates to be included in our biopharma customers products that may utilize our device, if
approved, among physicians, patients, healthcare payers or the medical community. 

Even if biopharmaceutical companies obtain regulatory approval for their
drug product candidates, their product candidates may not gain sufficient levels of market acceptance among physicians, healthcare payers,
patients or the medical community to make them commercially feasible. Market acceptance of our biopharma customers product candidates,
if they receive approval, depends on a number of factors, including the: 

- 16 - 

Table of Contents 

efficacy and safety of the product candidates; 

clinical indications for which the product candidates are approved; 

acceptance by physicians, patients and the medical community of the product candidates as a safe and effective treatment; 

potential and perceived advantages of the product candidates over alternative treatments; 

safety of the product candidates seen in a broader patient group; 

prevalence and severity of any side effects; 

product labeling or product insert requirements of the FDA or other regulatory authorities; 

timing of market introduction of the product candidates as well as competitive products; 

cost of treatment in relation to alternative treatments; 

availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement and pricing by third party payers and government authorities; 

relative convenience and ease of administration; and 

effectiveness of the pharmaceutical companies sales and marketing efforts. 

If pharmaceutical companies candidates are approved but fail to
achieve market acceptance among physicians, patients or healthcare payers, we may not be able to generate anticipated revenue. This
may limit our ability to generate anticipated revenue from our prior investments. Moreover, even if we achieve commercial scale
production and sales of our injectable drug delivery systems in combination with certain injectable therapies, the makers of such therapies
may face indirect competition from companies who develop and market other brand name, biosimilar or generic injectable therapies as well
as alternative treatments and delivery methods that compete with our biopharma customers products that may utilize our device,
which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, our financial condition and/or cash flows. 

Most brand name injectable therapies will face future competition
from generic or biosimilar therapies, which could significantly reduce their commercial viability. 

Brand name injectable therapies will usually become exposed to competition
from generic or biosimilar rivals at some time after their regulatory approval and commercial launch. The average selling price
and market share of brand name injectable therapies can be significantly diminished following the introduction of generic or biosimilar
competition. These factors may result in our biopharma customers using our products with their brand name injectable therapies seeking
to withdraw such injectable therapy from the market or change market tactics in a way that makes the use of our products cost prohibitive.
 This may result in reduction of revenues due to lower demand, termination of supply contracts, and other factors. 

Most of our components and raw materials are sourced from single
suppliers. If we are unable to obtain sufficient components or raw materials on a timely basis or for a cost-effective price, or if we
experience other supply difficulties, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Our ability to meet customer demand depends, in part, on our ability to
obtain timely and adequate delivery of raw materials and components for our products. A majority of the materials and components
that go into the manufacturing of our products are single-sourced from third-party suppliers. 

The price and supply of materials and components for our products may be
impacted or disrupted for reasons beyond our control. While we work with suppliers to ensure continuity of supply, no assurance can be
given that these efforts will be successful. Although we do carry strategic inventory and maintain insurance to help mitigate the
potential risk related to any supply disruption, there can be no assurance that such measures will be sufficient or effective. The
termination, reduction or interruption in supply of raw materials and components and an inability to quickly develop acceptable alternative
sources for such supply, could adversely impact our ability to manufacture and sell our products in a timely or cost-effective manner. 

We do not have long-term agreements in place with any of our suppliers,
with the exception of a long-term agreement with our needle and tubing set subassembly supplier which we entered in 2020. Due to regulatory
requirements relating to the qualification of suppliers, we are not likely to be able to establish additional or replacement sources on
a timely basis or without excessive cost. We are in the process of establishing alternative sources of supply for our raw materials
and components, but there can be no assurance we will be able to do so. 

Additionally, volatility in our cost of energy, raw materials, components,
subassemblies, transportation/freight, and manufacturing and distribution could adversely affect our results of operations. Climate
change (including laws or regulations passed in response to it) could increase our costs, in particular our costs of supply, energy and
transportation/freight. Material or sustained increases in the price of oil and natural gas could have an adverse impact on the
cost of many of the plastic materials we use to make and package our products, as well as our transportation/freight costs. These
outcomes may in turn result in customers transitioning to available competitive products, loss of market share, negative publicity, reputational
damage, loss of customer confidence or other negative consequences (including a decline in stock price). 

- 17 - 

Table of Contents 

Our failure to comply with laws and regulations relating to reimbursement
of health care products may subject us to penalties and adversely impact our reputation, business, results of operations, financial condition
and cash flows. 

Our devices are purchased principally by specialty pharmacies and
ambulatory service providers or hospitals that typically bill various third-party payers, such as governmental programs (e.g.,
Medicare, Medicaid and comparable non-U.S. programs), private insurance plans and managed care plans, for the healthcare services
provided to their patients. The ability of those customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement from third-party payers for our
products and the drugs they administer is critical because it affects which products customers purchase and the prices they are
willing to pay. As a result, our devices are subject to regulation regarding quality and cost by U.S. governmental agencies,
including the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS ), as well as comparable state and non-U.S. agencies
responsible for reimbursement and regulation of health care goods and services, including laws and regulations related to kickbacks,
false claims, self-referrals and health care fraud. Many states have similar laws that apply to reimbursement by state
Medicaid and other funded programs, and in some cases to all payers. In certain circumstances, insurance companies can attempt
to bring a private cause of action against a manufacturer for causing a false claim to be filed under the Federal Racketeer
Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act. In addition, as a manufacturer of FDA-approved devices reimbursable by federal healthcare
programs, we are subject to the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires us to annually report certain payments and other
transfers of value we make to U.S.-licensed physicians or U.S. teaching hospitals. Any failure to comply with these laws and
regulations could subject us or our officers and employees to criminal and civil financial penalties. Similar reporting requirements applicable to medical device manufacturers have also been implemented by some states. Failure to comply with these state
requirements could result in civil monetary penalties being assessed against us. 

These laws and regulations, among other things, constrain our business,
marketing and other promotional activities by limiting the kinds of financial arrangements, including sales programs, we may have with
hospitals, physicians or other potential purchasers of our products. Due to the breadth of these laws, the narrowness of statutory exceptions
and regulatory safe harbors available, and the range of interpretations to which they are subject, it is possible that some of our current
or future practices might be challenged under one or more of these laws. 

To enforce compliance with the healthcare regulatory laws, certain enforcement
bodies have recently increased their scrutiny of interactions between healthcare companies and healthcare providers, which has led to
a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry. Responding to investigations can be
time-and resource-consuming and can divert management s attention from the business. Additionally, as a result of these investigations,
healthcare providers and entities may have to agree to additional compliance and reporting requirements as part of a consent decree or
corporate integrity agreement. Any such investigation or settlement could increase our costs or otherwise have an adverse effect on our
business. Even an unsuccessful challenge or investigation into our practices could cause adverse publicity and be costly to respond
to. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the healthcare laws or regulations described above or any other healthcare
regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including administrative, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines,
exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, imprisonment, contractual damages, reputational
harm, disgorgement and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. In addition, we are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act and similar anti-corruption laws outside the U.S. Actual or alleged violation of these laws by our employees, consultants,
sales agents or distributors could subject us to investigations by the U.S. or foreign governments, significant criminal or civil sanctions
and other liabilities, and damage our reputation. 

We may need additional funding in the future, and if we are unable
to raise capital when needed, we may be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our product development, commercial efforts, or sales efforts. 

Producing and marketing our developed products is costly. Although
we believe we currently have adequate capital to fulfill our near-term funding needs, we may need to raise additional capital in the future
in order to execute our business plan and help us fund the development and commercialization of new products. 

We may finance future cash needs through public or private equity offerings
and may also use debt financings or strategic collaboration and licensing arrangements. We may seek to access the public or private
equity markets whenever conditions are favorable, even if we do not have an immediate need for additional capital. To the extent
that we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, our shareholders may experience additional dilution; any debt financing,
if available, may involve restrictive covenants and could result in high interest expense. If we raise additional funds through
collaboration and licensing arrangements, it may require us to relinquish certain enumerated rights to our product candidates, processes,
technologies, or development projects, or to enter into licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. We cannot be certain that
additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. If adequate funds are not available from the foregoing sources,
we may consider additional strategic financing options, or we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate our research
or development and/or some of our commercialization efforts. 

- 18 - 

Table of Contents 

We may experience difficulties resulting from our relatively new
and evolving management structure and executive team. 

We have made a number of changes to our management structure throughout
the organization in recent years and have filled a number of these positions while we are actively recruiting to fill others. Although,
we believe the persons who currently and will serve in these positions are and will be qualified to do so, they may take time to integrate
into the organization and with each other, if at all. Many of these persons have or will have had little to no experience with our
company prior to joining us, which may result in delays in our ability to implement our business plans. If we are unable to integrate,
motivate and retain the services of our new executives and other managers, or if integration takes longer than we expect, it may have
an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

Changes in tax or labor laws or exposure to additional income tax
liabilities could increase our costs and reduce our margins. 

Changes to the tax and labor laws in the U.S. or other countries in which
we operate could have an adverse effect on our operating results. Certain changes in tax rates, deductibility of interest, deductibility
of executive compensation expense, expensing of capital expenditures, the ability to use certain tax credits, taxation on earnings from
international business operations, and the system of taxation (from worldwide to territorial) could adversely affect our financial condition
and results of operations. Taxing authorities may audit us from time to time and disagree with certain positions we have taken in
respect of our tax liabilities. We regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness
of our tax provision. However, we may not accurately predict the outcome of these audits, and as a result the actual outcome of
these audits may have an adverse impact on our financial results. 

Our manufacturing operations depend on low-cost labor. Recent increases
in U.S. minimum wage requirements, as well as those imposed by the state of New York and New Jersey will increase our costs for employees
to support those operations, reduce our margins and negatively impact our profit. 

A downturn in global economic conditions could adversely affect our
operations. 

Deterioration in the global economic environment, particularly in countries
with government-sponsored healthcare systems, may cause decreased demand for our products and increased competition, which could result
in lower sales volume and downward pressure on the prices for our products, longer sales cycles, and slower adoption of new technologies.
 A weakening of economic conditions in the U.S. and/or abroad may also adversely affect our suppliers, which could result in interruptions
in supply. 

We are subject to foreign currency exchange risk. 

A portion of our revenues is currently, and we expect in the future to
be, derived from international operations. Our revenues from sales outside the U.S. may be adversely affected by fluctuations in
foreign currency exchange rates. We cannot predict with any certainty changes in foreign currency exchange rates or our ability
to mitigate these risks. We may experience additional volatility as a result of inflationary pressures and other macroeconomic factors.
 If we cannot adequately mitigate foreign currency exchange rates, our revenues and profit may suffer. 

Our distribution network and other operations outside the U.S. subject
us to certain risks. 

Approximately 15 of our net revenues in the year ended December 31, 2022,
came from our operations outside the U.S., and we intend to continue to pursue growth opportunities in foreign markets. Our foreign
operations subject us to certain risks, including, among others, the effects of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange, uncertainties
with respect to local economic and political conditions, competition from local companies, trade protectionism and restrictions on the
transfer of goods across borders, U.S. diplomatic and trade relations with the governments of the foreign countries in which we operate,
foreign regulatory requirements or changes in such requirements, local product preferences and product requirements, longer payment terms
for accounts receivable than we experience in the U.S., difficulty in establishing, staffing and managing foreign operations, changes
to international trade agreements and treaties, changes in tax laws, weakening or loss of the protection of intellectual property rights
in some countries, and import or export licensing requirements. 

- 19 - 

Table of Contents 

We are dependent on information technology systems and subject to
privacy and security laws, and our systems and infrastructure face certain risks, including from cyber security breaches and data leakage. 

Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer
systems, and those of third parties on which we rely, are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, malware, natural disasters, terrorism,
war, telecommunication and electrical failures, cyber-attacks or cyber-intrusions over the Internet, attachments to emails, persons inside
our organization, or persons with access to systems inside our organization. While we do not believe that we have experienced any
such system failure, accident, or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our systems, it could
result in a material disruption of our operations. To the extent that any disruption or security breach results in a loss of or
damage to our data or applications or other data 

 applications relating to our technology, or inappropriate disclosure of
confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liabilities, damage to our reputation, and the further development of our product
candidates could be delayed. Additionally, such disruptions and security breaches, when there is a risk of patient harm, may require
devices changes to fix vulnerabilities and strengthen cybersecurity. Such changes could, in some cases, require reporting to and
approval by the FDA prior to implementation, which could cause a delay in the continued marketing of the underlying product that will
result in a loss of revenues to us. Furthermore, failure to adhere to good cybersecurity practices with regards to medical devices could
result in enforcement action by the FDA including warning letters or other forms of enforcement. 

We cannot guarantee that any of our strategic acquisitions, investments
or alliances will be successful. 

We may seek to supplement our internal growth through strategic acquisitions,
investments and alliances. Such transactions are inherently risky, and the integration of any newly acquired business requires significant
effort and management attention. The success of any acquisition, investment or alliance may be affected by a number of factors,
including our ability to properly assess and value the potential business opportunity or to successfully integrate any business we may
acquire into our existing business. There can be no assurance that any past or future transaction will be successful. 

Our operating results and financial condition may fluctuate. 

Our operating results and financial condition may fluctuate from quarter
to quarter and year to year for a number of reasons. Events such as a delay in product development, increases in litigation expenses,
changes to our expectations or strategy or even a relatively small revenue shortfall may cause financial results for a period to be below
our expectations or projections. As a result, we believe that period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations should not
be relied upon as an indication of future performance. Our operating results and financial condition are also subject to fluctuation
from all of the risks described throughout this section. These fluctuations may adversely affect our results of operations and financial
conditions and our stock price. 

Future material impairments in the value of our long-lived assets
could negatively affect our operating results. 

We review our long-lived assets, including identifiable intangible assets
and property, plant and equipment, for impairment. Long-lived assets are reviewed when there is an indication or triggering event
that impairment may have occurred. Changes in market conditions or other changes in the future outlook of value may lead to impairment
charges in the future. In addition, we may from time to time sell assets that we determine are not critical to our strategy. Future
events or decisions may lead to asset impairments and/or related charges. Certain non-cash impairments may result from a change in our
strategic goals, business direction or other factors relating to the overall business environment. Material impairment charges could
negatively affect our results of operations. 

Actions of activist stockholders could have an adverse effect on
our business. 

From time to time, we may be subject to proposals by stockholders urging
us to take certain corporate actions. If activist stockholder activities ensue, our business could be adversely affected because
responding to proxy contests and reacting to other actions by activist stockholders can be costly and time-consuming, disrupt our operations
and divert the attention of management and our employees. For example, we may be required to retain the services of various professionals
to advise us on activist stockholder matters, including legal, financial and communications advisors, the costs of which may negatively
impact our future financial results. In addition, perceived uncertainties as to our future direction, strategy or leadership created
as a consequence of activist stockholder initiatives may result in the loss of potential business opportunities, harm our ability to attract
new investors, customers, employees, and joint venture partners, and cause our stock price to experience periods of volatility or stagnation. 

- 20 - 

Table of Contents 

Natural disasters, war and other events could adversely affect our
suppliers and customers. 

Natural disasters (including pandemics), war, terrorism, labor disruptions
and international conflicts, and actions taken by the U.S. and other governments or by our customers or suppliers in response to such
events, could cause significant economic disruption and political and social instability in the U.S. and areas outside of the U.S. in
which we operate. Most of our products are assembled and packaged in Nicaragua, where there is currently civil unrest whose outcome
cannot be predicted. This and similar events could increase the costs for or cause interruptions in the supply of materials, result
in decreased demand for our products or adversely affect our manufacturing and distribution capabilities. 

Our insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover all the liabilities
we may incur. 

We face the risk of exposure to liability claims if any product that we
develop causes injury. Although we carry insurance at levels customary for companies in our industry, such coverage may become unavailable
or be inadequate to cover all liabilities we may incur. There can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to maintain such
insurance, or obtain comparable insurance at a reasonable cost, if at all. If we are unable to obtain sufficient insurance coverage
at an acceptable cost or otherwise, or if the amount of any claim against us exceeds the coverage under our policies, we may face significant
expenses. 

Rising inflation increases economic uncertainty and may require us
to need to raise prices in order to maintain our operating margins. 

For much of the past two years, inflation rates have risen or held steady
at rates not seen in a generation or more. Higher level of inflation not only reduces the real value of the profits we generate from our
business (and in turn our returns to investors), but it also increases the costs of goods and services that we need to run our business.
Should such trends continue, it would not only have a destabilizing macroeconomic effect on the broader U.S. and global economy, but it
may also require us to increase the price of our products in order to maintain sufficient operations margins. Any increase in the prices
we charge our customers could reduce the demand for our products, perhaps significantly. We will continue to monitor inflation trends
and will make adjustments to our business as necessary. 

Brexit may impact our business in the United Kingdom. 

One of our two most significant international distributors is located in
the United Kingdom UK ), and the other is in Finland, a member of the European Union EU ). The June
2016 referendum result in the UK to exit the EU (commonly known as Brexit ), and the subsequent commencement of the official
withdrawal process by the UK government in March 2017, has created uncertainties affecting business operations in the UK and the EU. On
January 31, 2020, the UK withdrew from the EU. Under the withdrawal agreement agreed between the UK and the EU, the UK was subject to
a transition period until December 31, 2020 (the Transition Period during which EU rules continued to apply. During
the Transition Period, negotiations between the UK and the EU continued in relation to the future customs and trading relationship between
the UK and the EU following the expiration of the Transition Period. Due to the current COVID-19 global pandemic, negotiations between
the UK and the EU scheduled have either been postponed or occurred in a reduced forum via video conference. However, on December
24, 2020, the negotiators from the EU and UK reached an agreement on a new partnership. This agreement sets out the rules that apply
between the EU and the UK as of January 1, 2021. New regulations require medical device registration with the Medicines and Healthcare
Products Regulatory Agency MHRA before being placed on the Great Britain market (England, Wales, and Scotland). Additionally,
all medical devices will require a UK Conformity Assessment mark UKCA by July 1, 2024. CE marks issued by Notified Bodies
will remain valid until this time. Therefore, we must be compliant with applicable legislation in order to identify our devices with the
UKCA mark and continue to market and sell our devices in Great Britain beyond July 1, 2024. 

We could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by the effects
of an increased focus on environmental, social and governance issues. 

Recently, shareholders generally have increased their focus on environmental,
social and governance ESG issues, specifically regarding how companies are addressing climate change, diversity, and human
rights, among other ESG-related issues. Our failure to comply with shareholder expectations and standards regarding ESG issues, which
are still evolving and can vary considerably, or the perception that we have not responded appropriately to ESG-related issues, could
result in reputational harm, and could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

- 21 - 

Table of Contents 

Climate change could present immediate and long-term risks to our industry
and our customers. The potential for increased severe weather events could have a material adverse effect on our operations and infrastructure
or the operations and infrastructure of our suppliers. In addition, the effects of climate change could include long-term changes in temperature
levels and water availability, increased energy costs, and increased supply costs impacted by those increasing energy costs. The cost
of mitigating or responding to ESG issues could be significant; however, these costs are too uncertain to predict. In addition, the approaches
taken by the U.S. or foreign governments to regulate ESG issues, which may include legislative or regulatory changes, could adversely
impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects, and are too uncertain to predict. 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

There may be circumstances in which the interests of our significant
stockholders could be in conflict with your interests as a stockholder. 

Three stockholders, together with their respective affiliates, beneficially
own approximately 23 , 14 , and 6 of our outstanding common stock, respectively. An affiliate of Horton Freedom, L.P. currently
serves on our Board of Directors. Circumstances may arise in which these stockholders may have an interest in exerting influence
to pursue or prevent acquisitions, divestitures or other transactions, including the issuance of additional shares or debt, that, in their
judgment, could enhance their investment in us or another company in which they invest. Such transactions might adversely affect
us or other holders of our common stock. Furthermore, our significant concentration of share ownership may adversely affect the trading
price of our common stock because investors may perceive disadvantages in owning shares in companies with significant stockholders. 

We do not currently intend to pay dividends on our common stock. 

We have never paid dividends on our common stock, and we do not intend
to pay any dividends to holders of our common stock for the foreseeable future. We currently intend to invest our future earnings,
if any, to fund our growth. Therefore, you are not likely to receive any dividends on your common stock for the foreseeable future. 

Future sales and issuances of shares of our common stock or rights
to purchase our common stock, including pursuant to our equity compensation plans, could result in additional dilution of the percentage
ownership of our stockholders. 

We may need additional capital in the future to continue our planned operations.
 To the extent we raise additional capital by issuing equity and/or convertible securities, our stockholders may experience substantial
dilution. We may sell our common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices
and in a manner, we determine from time to time. If we sell our common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities, investors
may be materially diluted. These sales may also result in material dilution to our existing stockholders, and new investors could
gain rights superior to our existing stockholders. 

We provide and intend to continue to provide additional equity-based compensation
to our employees, directors and consultants under our three equity compensation plans. We may issue equity-based compensation outside
of our equity compensation plans as inducement for new employees. If our Board elects to issue additional stock options or other
equity-based compensation, our stockholders may experience additional dilution, which could cause our stock price to decline. Because
stock options granted under our equity compensation plans will generally only be exercised when the exercise price for such option is
below the then market value of the common stock, the exercise of such options or the issuance of shares will cause dilution to the book
value per share of our common stock and to existing and new investors. 

There has been volatility in the price of shares of our common stock. 

Since our common stock was listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market on October
17, 2019, it has traded between 1.82 per share to 12.84 per share. Our stock price is subject to wide fluctuations in response
to a variety of factors, including: 

quarterly variations in operating results; 

announcement of new products or customers by our competitors; 

changes in financial estimates by securities analysts; 

trading volume on the Nasdaq Capital Market; 

announcements related to litigation; 

general economic conditions; or 

other events or factors that are beyond our control. 

- 22 - 

Table of Contents 

In addition, the stock market has experienced significant price and volume
fluctuations that have particularly affected the trading prices of equity securities of many biotechnology companies. These fluctuations
have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. Any negative change in the public s
perception of the prospects of medical device companies could further depress our stock price regardless of our results. Sales of
substantial amounts of our common stock, particularly by our two most significant stockholders, or the perception that such sales might
occur, could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock and our stock price may decline substantially in a short time
and our stockholders could suffer losses or be unable to liquidate their holdings. 

If we do not maintain compliance with the listing standards of the
Nasdaq Capital Market, Nasdaq may delist our common stock from trading on its exchange . 

The Nasdaq Capital Market on which our common stock trades has continued
listing standards that we must maintain on an ongoing basis in order to continue the listing of our common stock. If we fail to
meet these continued listing requirements, our common stock may be subject to delisting. If our common stock is delisted and we
are not able to list our common stock on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities would be quoted on an over-the-counter
market. If this were to occur, our stockholders could face significant material adverse consequences, including limited availability
of market quotations for our common stock and reduced liquidity for the trading of our common stock. In addition, we could experience
a decreased ability to issue additional securities and obtain additional financing in the future, if or when needed. 

We are a smaller reporting company and non-accelerated filer, and
we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to us will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We are currently a smaller reporting company and a non-accelerated
filer , as those terms are defined in the Securities Act. Accordingly, we take advantage of certain exemptions from various
reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not smaller reporting companies and non-accelerated
filers, including, but not limited to, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports
and proxy statements and exemptions from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requiring that independent
registered public accounting firms provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Decreased
disclosures in our SEC filings due to our status as a smaller reporting company and non-accelerated filer 
may make it harder for investors to analyze our results of operations and financial prospects. 

We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive
if we rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active
trading market for our common stock and our share price may be more volatile. 

The price of our common stock may be adversely affected by the future
issuance and sale of shares of our common stock or other equity securities. 

We cannot predict the size of future issuances or sales of our common stock
or other equity securities future acquisitions or capital raising activities, or the effect, if any, that such issuances or sales may
have on the market price of our common stock. The issuance and sale of substantial amounts of common stock or other equity securities
or announcement that such issuances and sales may occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Any decline in the
price of our common stock may encourage short sales, which could place further downward pressure on the price of our common stock and
may impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities. 

You may find it difficult to sell our common stock. 

Only recently has there been any active trading market in our common stock.
 We cannot assure you that such an active trading market for our common stock will be sustained. Regardless of whether an active
and liquid public market exists, negative fluctuations in our actual or anticipated operating results will likely cause the market price
of our common stock to fall, making it more difficult for you to sell our common stock at a favorable price, or at all. 

- 23 - 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We currently rent 43,975 square feet of a building located at 100 Corporate
Drive, Mahwah, New Jersey with the lease having commenced on March 1, 2022 and expiring August 31, 2032. This facility is used as our
headquarters and for our manufacturing operations. The Company s existing lease at 24 Carpenter Road, Chester New York, from which
the Company is transitioning manufacturing operations to Mahwah, NJ, expires March 31, 2023. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol
 KRMD. We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not plan to pay any such dividends in the foreseeable
future. We currently intend to use all available funds for our business operations. 

We are authorized to issue 77,000,000 shares of capital stock, of
which 75,000,000 are designated common stock, 0.01 par value per share, and 2,000,000 are designated preferred stock. As of
March 8, 2023, 45,519,164 shares of our common stock were issued and outstanding held by approximately 516 stockholders of record.
 There were no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and
results of operations should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included under ITEM 8 of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements about our business and operations. Our actual
results may differ materially from those we currently anticipate as a result of many factors, including those described under Part I 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS and elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

OVERVIEW 

The Company develops, manufactures and markets proprietary portable and
innovative medical devices primarily for the subcutaneous drug delivery market as governed by the United States Food and Drug Administration
(the FDA quality and regulatory system and international standards for quality system management. 

Our revenues derive from three business sources: (i) domestic core, (ii)
international core, and (iii) novel therapies. Our domestic core and international core revenues consist of sales of our products
for the delivery of subcutaneous drugs that are FDA cleared for use with the Freedom Infusion System, with the primary use being for the
delivery for immunoglobulin to treat Primary Immunodeficiency Diseases PIDD and Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating Polyneuropathy CIDP ). Novel therapies consist of product revenues from our infusion system (syringe drivers, tubing and needles) for feasibility/clinical
trials (pre-clinical studies, Phase I, Phase II, Phase III) of biopharmaceutical companies in the drug development process as well as
non-recurring engineering services revenues NRE received from biopharmaceutical companies to ready or customize the FREEDOM
System for clinical and commercial use. 

- 24 - 

Table of Contents 

The Company continued its transition of substantially all finished goods
manufacturing of its needle and tubing sets to Command Medical Products, a third-party contract manufacturing organization, which began
in 2021, and expects to complete the transition no later than the second quarter of 2023. 

The Company entered into a lease commencing March 1, 2022 for a new corporate
headquarters and manufacturing facility located in Mahwah, NJ. During the quarter ended June 30, 2022, the Company completed the first
phase of the move, the headquarters and office staff to the new location, and expects to complete the move of manufacturing before the
end of the first quarter 2023. 

The Company ended the 2022 fiscal year with 27.9 million in net revenues,
a 18.8 increase compared with 23.5 million in the same period last year driven by growth in all three of our business sources. 

Gross profit, for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 15.4 million,
an increase of 11.6 from the same period last year, and stated as a percentage of net revenues was 55.1 , a decline from 58.6 in the prior
year period. 

Operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, were 26.2 million,
up from 20.8 million for the same period last year, driven primarily by research and development, and selling, general and administrative
for new hires to support commercialization, business development, quality, and regulatory capabilities. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Net Revenues 

The following table summarizes our net revenues for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021: 

Years Ended December 31, 
 
 Change from Prior Year 
 
 of Net Revenues 

2022 
 
 2021 

2022 
 
 2021 

Net Revenues 

Domestic Core 

21,205,204 

19,045,512 

2,159,692 
 
 11.3 
 
 76.0 
 
 81.1 

International Core 

4,164,714 

3,856,972 

307,742 
 
 8.0 
 
 14.9 
 
 16.4 

Novel Therapies 

2,526,119 

587,691 

1,938,428 
 
 329.8 
 
 9.1 
 
 2.5 

Total 

27,896,037 

23,490,175 

4,405,862 
 
 18.8 

Total net revenues increased 4.4 million, or 18.8 , for the year
ended December 31, 2022, as compared with the same period last year. Double digit sales growth was achieved in our domestic core and
novel therapies businesses. Domestic core growth was primarily driven by increased volume attributed to SCIg market growth and new
label indications including prefill syringes and increases in average selling prices. Novel therapies sales grew by 329.8 for the
year ended 2022 related to services performed on an NRE innovation development agreement for a pharmaceutical customer and increases
in clinical trial product sales for several pharmaceutical customers. Sales growth in our international core business was driven by
volume growth in several EU markets compared with prior year. 

Gross Profit 

Our gross profit for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 is as
follows: 

Years Ended December 31, 
 
 Change from Prior Year 

2022 
 
 2021 

Gross Profit 

15,368,986 

13,769,578 

1,599,408 
 
 11.6 
 
 Stated as a Percentage of Net Revenues 

55.1 

58.6 

Gross profit increased 1.6 million or 11.6 for the year ended December
31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021. This increase was driven by increased volume and an increased average selling price in
net revenues of 4.4 million as described above. Gross profit as a percent of sales decreased to 55.1 compared to 58.6 from the prior year.
 The decline in the gross profit percent was primarily caused by higher manufacturing costs associated with labor and materials,
production rework, and scrap related to our manufacturing transition. Product mix had a negative impact in our domestic core business
and NRE service revenue mix contributed to a lower gross profit percent. Partially offsetting these declines was an increase in average
selling prices. 

- 25 - 

Table of Contents 

Selling, general and administrative and Research and development 

Our selling, general and administrative and research and development costs
for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 are as follows: 

Years Ended December 31, 
 
 Change from Prior Year 

2022 
 
 2021 

Selling, general and administrative 

20,606,507 

17,862,314 

2,744,193 
 
 15.4 
 
 Research and development 

4,956,215 

2,473,669 

2,482,546 
 
 100.4 

25,562,722 

20,335,983 

5,226,739 
 
 25.7 
 
 Stated as a Percentage of Net Revenues 

91.6 

86.6 

Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 2.7 million,
or 15.4 , during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period last year, primarily due to 2.5 million in
compensation and benefits related mostly to new hires in sales, quality and regulatory to support our strategic growth initiatives,
 0.8 million in executive severance, 0.4 million in building related expense, 0.3 million in travel related costs and 0.2 million
in stock compensation, which was partially offset by lower restructuring costs of 1.2 million, marketing research of 0.3 million,
and recruiting costs of 0.2 million. 

Research and development expenses increased 2.5 million, or 100.4 , during
the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with the same period last year primarily due to 1.4 million in consulting spend primarily related
to new product development, 1.1 million in compensation and benefits for new hires to support product development for novel therapies
and 0.2 million in stock compensation, which was partially offset by 0.2 million in testing material expense. 

Depreciation and amortization 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, depreciation and amortization expense
increased 0.1 million, or 26.8 , compared with the same period last year due to investment in our new corporate office and manufacturing
site. 

Net Loss 

Years Ended December 31, 
 
 Change from Prior Year 

2022 
 
 2021 

Net Loss 

(8,661,142) 
 
 (4,562,823) 
 
 (4,098,319) 
 (89.8 
 
 Stated as a Percentage of Net Revenues 

(31.0) 
 
 (19.4) 

Our net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 8.7 million compared
to net loss of 4.6 million for the same period last year driven by higher selling, general and administrative and research and development
expenses. The current year loss includes an income tax benefit of approximately 2.0 million. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Our principal source of liquidity is our cash on hand of 17.4 million
as of December 31, 2022. Our principal source of operating cash inflows is from sales of our products and NRE services to customers.
Our principal cash outflows relate to the purchase and production of inventory, funding of research and development, and selling, general
and administrative expenses. To develop new products, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality,
we are continuing to invest in research and development, manufacturing technologies, facilities and equipment. Operating expenses for
the 2022 fiscal year were 26.1 million. 

Our 2022 capital investments for manufacturing and leasehold improvements
for our new facility in Mahwah, NJ were 2.0 million, net of pre-approved financing arrangements and leasehold improvement credits totaling
 0.5 million and 0.2 million, respectively. 

Our inventory position was 6.4 million at December 31, 2022, which reflected
an increase of 0.3 million from December 31, 2021. We expect to reduce our inventory position in 2023 following completion of the transition
of substantially all our manufacturing operations to Command, which we expect to be completed no later than the second quarter of 2023. 

- 26 - 

Table of Contents 

On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act
(the CARES Act was signed into law. The CARES Act contains a provision known as the Employee Retention Credit ERC ),
a refundable payroll tax credit for qualified wages paid to retained full-time employees between March 13, 2020, and December 31, 2020.
The Consolidations Appropriations Act (CAA), signed into law on December 27, 2020, significantly modified and expanded the provisions
of the ERC to include wages paid in 2021. For 2021, the ERC provides employers a refundable federal tax credit equal to 70 of the first
 10,000 of qualified wages and benefits paid to retained employees between January 1, 2021, and December 31, 2021. Credits may be claimed
immediately by reducing payroll taxes sent to the Internal Revenue Service. To the extent that the credit exceeds employment withholdings,
the employer may request a refund of prior taxes paid. The Company determined that it qualified for this credit and anticipated utilizing
benefits under this act to aid its liquidity position and as a result recorded a receivable of 0.7 million as of December 31, 2021. As
of December 31, 2022, the credit has not been received. 

We expect that our cash on hand, cash flows from operations and available
financing sources will be sufficient to meet our requirements at least through December 31, 2023. Continued execution on our longer-term
strategic plan may require the Company to take on additional debt or raise capital through issuance of equity, or a combination of both.
Our future capital requirements may vary from those currently planned and will depend on many factors, including our rate of sales growth,
the timing and extent of spending on various strategic initiatives including research and development, our international expansion, the
timing of new product introductions, market acceptance of our solutions, and overall economic conditions including inflation and the potential
impact of global supply imbalances on the global financial markets. To the extent that current and anticipated future sources of liquidity
are or are expected to be insufficient to fund our future business activities and requirements, we may be required to seek additional
equity or debt financing sooner. There can be no assurance the Company will be able to obtain the financing or raise the capital required
to fund its operations or planned expansion. 

Cash Flows 

The following table summarizes our cash flows: 

Year Ended 
December 31, 2022 
 
 Year Ended 
December 31, 2021 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(5,404,549) 
 
 (4,319,510) 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

(2,801,568) 
 
 (366,169) 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

279,485 

2,705,282 

Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities of 5.4 million for the year ended
December 31, 2022 was primarily due to the net loss of 8.7 million, working capital changes which included an increase in inventory of
 0.3 million, an increase in accrued expenses of 0.2 million, an increase in accrued payroll of 0.4 million and an increase in accounts
payable and other liabilities of 1.3 million. Further contributing were deferred tax assets of 2.0 million increased for book
to tax differences related to stock option expense. Offsetting these were primarily non-cash charges for stock-based compensation
of 3.1 million, and depreciation and amortization of 0.6 million. 

Operating cash outflows were 4.3 million for the year ended December 31,
2021 and were mostly attributable to net loss adjusted for non-cash charges of 3.2 million, an increase in accounts receivable of 1.0
million due to higher sales in the fourth quarter of 2022 compared with prior year, an increase in other receivables of 0.7 million for
the ERC refund and an increase in prepaids of 0.8 million related to raw materials in transit, all partially offset by a decrease in
inventory of 0.7 million and an increase in accounts payable of 0.6 million. 

Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities of 2.8 million for the year ending
December 31, 2022, was for capital expenditures for manufacturing and office equipment for our corporate office and manufacturing facilities
move. 

Our net cash used in investing activities of 0.4 million for the year
ended December 31, 2021, was primarily for capital expenditures for manufacturing equipment and computers for new hires and replacement
of retired computers. 

Financing Activities 

The 0.3 million provided by financing activities for the year ended December
31, 2022, is from 0.4 million in option exercises offset by 0.08 million in net borrowings on our indebtedness for a note payable for
insurance premium financing and 0.05 million in net equipment financing. 

- 27 - 

Table of Contents 

The 2.7 million provided by financing activities for the year ended December
31, 2021 is attributed to cash received for options exercised of 1.3 million, the issuance of common stock as settlement for litigation
of 0.9 million, and 0.5 million on borrowings from indebtedness. 

We expect that our cash on hand, cash flows from operations, and our fully
available credit facility will be sufficient to meet our requirements at least through the next 12 months 

See NOTE 10 DEBT OBLIGATIONS for further detail regarding
the promissory note and loan agreement in the accompanying Notes to Financial Statements appearing in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

Debt and Borrowing Capacity 

Refer to NOTE 10 DEBT OBLIGATIONS in the accompanying
 Notes to Financial Statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details regarding debt. 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 

Lease Commitments 

We have finance and operating leases for our corporate office and certain
office and computer equipment. Our two operating leases have remaining lease terms of 9.7 years and 3 months, respectively. On September
29, 2022, we extended our existing lease at 24 Carpenter Road, in Chester NY, through March 31, 2023 with the same payment terms. We moved
our administrative offices in June 2022 from this building into 43,975 square feet of a building located at 100 Corporate Drive, Mahwah,
New Jersey. The new lease commenced on March 1, 2022 and expires August 31, 2032. Our two finance leases, one commenced in June and the
other in October, have remaining lease terms of 4.4 and 4.8 years, respectively. 

Refer to NOTE 5 LEASES in the accompanying Notes
to Financial Statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details regarding our operating and finance leases. 

SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles of the United States GAAP requires estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent liabilities in the financial statements and accompanying
notes. The SEC has defined a company s critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of
the company s financial condition and results of operations, and which require the company to make its most difficult and subjective
judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. Based on this definition, we
have identified some of our more critical accounting estimates below. We also have other key accounting policies, which involve
the use of estimates, judgments, and assumptions that are significant to understanding our results. For additional information,
see NOTE 1 NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES in the accompanying Notes
to Financial Statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Although we believe that our estimates, assumptions,
and judgments are reasonable, they are based upon information presently available. Actual results may differ significantly from
these estimates under different assumptions, judgments, or conditions. 

Revenue Recognition 

Our revenues are derived from three business sources: (i) domestic core,
(ii) international core, and (iii) novel therapies. Our core domestic and international revenues consist of sales of our syringe
drivers, tubing and needles Product Revenue for the delivery of subcutaneous drugs that are FDA cleared for use with the
FREEDOM Infusion System, with the primary delivery for immunoglobulin to treat PIDD and CIDP. Novel therapies consist of Product Revenue
for feasibility/clinical trials (pre-clinical studies, Phase I, Phase II, Phase III) of biopharmaceutical companies in the drug development
process as well as non-recurring engineering services NRE revenues (including testing and registration services) received
from biopharmaceutical companies to ready or customize the FREEDOM System for clinical and commercial use. 

For Product Revenues, we recognize revenues when shipment occurs, and at
which point the customer obtains control and ownership of the goods. Shipping costs generally are billed to customers and are included
in sales. 

The Company generally does not accept return of goods shipped unless it
is a Company error. The only credits provided to customers are for defective merchandise. The Company warrants the syringe
driver from defects in materials and workmanship under normal use and the warranty does not include a performance obligation. The
costs under the warranty are expensed as incurred. 

- 28 - 

Table of Contents 

Rebates are provided to distributors for the difference in selling price
to distributor and pricing specified to select customers. In addition, rebates are provided to customers for meeting growth targets.
 Provisions for both distributor pricing and customer growth rebates are variable consideration and are recorded as a reduction of
revenue in the same period the related sales are recorded or when it is probable the growth target will be achieved. 

Our novel therapies revenues can fluctuate and may not be consistent from
period to period. Engineering work performed on our product may be specialized and tailored to the specific needs of each independent
clinical trial and not uniform in nature. The clinical trial size and scope of protocols may also range greatly from customer to customer,
and there is no expectation of repeat customers on a consistent basis compared to our core business. We recognize NRE revenue under an
input method, which recognizes revenue on the basis of our efforts or inputs (for example, resources consumed, labor hours expended, costs
incurred, or time elapsed) to the satisfaction of a performance obligation relative to the total expected inputs to the satisfaction of
that performance obligation (ie completion milestone). The input method that we use is based on costs incurred. 

Inventory 

Inventories of raw materials are stated at the lower of standard cost,
which approximates average cost, or market value including allocable overhead. Work-in-process and finished goods are stated at
the lower of standard cost or market value and include direct labor and allocable overhead. 

We maintain reserves for excess and obsolete inventory resulting from the
potential inability to sell certain products at prices in excess of current carrying costs. We make estimates regarding the future recoverability
of the costs of these products and record provisions based on historical experience, expiration of sterilization dates and expected future
trends. If actual product life cycles, product demand or acceptance of new product introductions are less favorable than projected by
management, additional inventory write downs may be required, which could unfavorably affect future operating results. 

ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS RECENTLY ADOPTED 

Refer to NOTE 1 NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES in the accompanying Notes to Financial Statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS NOT YET ADOPTED 

Refer to NOTE 1 NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES in the accompanying Notes to Financial Statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

KORU MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC. 

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 30 

Financial Statements 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 31 

Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 32 

Statements of Stockholders Equity as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 33 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 34 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 35 

- 29 - 

Index to Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of
KORU Medical Systems, Inc. 

 Mahwah, New Jersey 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of
KORU Medical Systems, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders equity
and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In
our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are
matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Grant of Stock Options 

Description of the Matter: 

As discussed in Note 4 to the financial statements,
the Company granted 920,000 options to purchase shares of its common stock with 10-year terms and a grant-date fair value of 1,826,643
to employees and consultants during the year ended December 31, 2022. Management is required to analyze the fair value of each option
granted and amortize it over its vesting period. 

We identified the grant of the stock options as a
critical audit matter. Management s estimates regarding the fair value of options result in the application of a high degree of
auditor judgment. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit: 

We obtained an understanding of the Company s
processes and controls in place for determining the fair value of each granted option. We evaluated the option price model management
selected to determine the fair value, and analyzed the underlying data used to estimate the fair value of the awards. We also recalculated
the fair value of each option granted during the year. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2014. 

March 8, 2023 

- 30 - 

Index to Financial Statements 

KORU MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 
 December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable less allowance for doubtful accounts of and for December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Inventory 

Other receivables 

Prepaid expenses and other 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Deferred income tax assets, net 

Other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Note Payable 

Other liabilities 

Accrued payroll and related taxes 

Finance lease liability current 

Operating lease liability current 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Finance lease liability, net current portion 

Operating lease liability, net of current portion 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies (Refer to Note 8) 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued; and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Treasury stock, shares at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, at cost 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Retained Deficit 

() 
 
 () 
 
 TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

See accompanying Notes to Financial Statements. 

- 31 - 

Index to Financial Statements 

KORU MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended 
December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 

NET REVENUES 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross Profit 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Selling, general and administrative 

Research and development 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total Operating Expenses 

Net Operating Loss 

() 
 
 () 

Non-Operating Income 

Loss on foreign currency exchange 

) 

() 
 
 Gain on disposal of fixed assets 

Other Income 

Interest income, net 

TOTAL OTHER INCOME 

LOSS BEFORE TAXES 

() 
 
 () 

Income tax benefit 

NET LOSS 

() 
 
 () 

NET LOSS PER SHARE 

Basic 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Diluted 

() 
 
 () 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING 

Basic 

Diluted 

See accompanying Notes to Financial Statements. 

- 32 - 

Index to Financial Statements 

KORU MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Additional 
 
 Retained 

Total 

Common Stock 
 
 Paid-in 
 
 Earnings 
 
 Treasury 
 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Capital 
 
 /(Deficit) 
 
 Stock 
 
 Equity 

BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2020 

() 

Issuance of stock-based compensation 

Compensation expense related to stock options 

Issuance of Restricted Stock 

Litigation settlement share issuance 

Issuance upon options exercised 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2021 

() 
 
 () 

Issuance of stock-based compensation 

Compensation expense related to stock options 

Compensation expense related to restricted stock awards 

Issuance upon options exercised 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2022 

() 
 
 () 

See accompanying Notes to Financial Statements. 

- 33 - 

Index to Financial Statements 

KORU MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended 
December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net Loss 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Depreciation and amortization 

Loss on disposal of fixed assets 

() 
 
 Deferred income taxes 

() 
 
 () 
 
 ROU landlord credit 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Decrease/(Increase) in accounts receivable 

() 
 
 (Increase)/Decrease in inventory 

() 

Increase in other receivables 

) 

() 
 
 Decrease/(Increase) in prepaid expenses and other assets 

() 
 
 Increase in accounts payable 

Increase/(Decrease) in accrued payroll and related taxes 

() 
 
 Increase in other liabilities 

Increase in accrued expenses 

NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

() 
 
 () 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Purchases of intangible assets 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment 

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

() 
 
 () 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from issuance of equity 

Common stock issuance settlement of litigation 

Borrowings from indebtedness 

Payments on indebtedness 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Payments on finance lease liability 

() 
 
 () 
 
 NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

() 
 
 () 
 
 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR 

Supplemental Information 

Cash paid during the years for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

Schedule of Non-Cash Operating, Investing and Financing Activities: 

Issuance of common stock as compensation 

Issuance of common stock as settlement for litigation 

See accompanying Notes to Financial Statements. 

- 34 - 

Index to Financial Statements 

KORU MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

at its depository, which exceeds the FDIC insurance limits and is, therefore, uninsured. 

and
 , respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total amortization expense 

and , respectively. 

() 

Weighted Average Outstanding Shares: 

Outstanding shares 

Option shares includable 

(a) 

(a) 
 
 Restricted stock includable 

(b) 

(b) 
 
 Total 

Net loss per share 

Basic 

() 

() 
 
 Diluted 

() 

() 
 
 __________ 

(a) 
 for 2022 and 2021, respectively were not included as the impact is anti-dilutive. 
 
 (b) 
 and that are unvested for 2022 and 2021, respectively were not included as the impact is anti-dilutive. 

International 

Total 

Finished goods 

Total 

Less: reserve for obsolete inventory 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Inventory, net 

- 38 - 

Index to Financial Statements 

Leasehold improvements 

Manufacturing equipment and tooling 

Total property and equipment 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Property and equipment, net 

3,886,975 

shares
of the Company s common stock outstanding to certain executives, key employees and consultants under the 2015 Plan, of which 
were issued during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. Additional options may be issued under the 2015 Plan as outstanding options
are forfeited, subject to a maximum available for issuance under the 2015 Plan. 

The 2021 Plan provides for the grant of up to incentive stock
options, nonqualified stock options, stock awards, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units and/or stock appreciation rights to
employees, consultants and directors. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, there were issued shares of common stock, as director compensation and options to purchase shares of common stock as executive compensation under the 2021 Plan. 

Effective January 1, 2021, each non-employee director of the Company (other
than the Chairman of the Board) and Board advisor were eligible to receive of annually, . The Chairman of the Board is eligible to receive annually, . Effective May 18, 2021, each non-employee director of the Company (other than the Chairman of the Board)
and Board advisor are eligible to receive of annually, . The
Chairman of the Board is eligible to receive annually, . From
May 18, 2021 to May 6, 2022, non-employee director compensation was paid pursuant to the 2021 Plan. Since May 6, 2022, non-employee director
compensation has been paid pursuant to the Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan. All payments were and are pro-rated for partial service. 

On April 12, 2021, pursuant to an employment agreement entered into on
March 15, 2021, with Linda Tharby, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer, the Company issued three restricted stock
awards for an aggregate shares of common stock for an aggregate stock price of and each vesting subject to employment
on the respective vesting date. These awards were issued as an inducement employment. 

2015 STOCK OPTION PLAN, as amended 

Time-Based Stock Options 

The per share weighted average fair value of stock options granted during
the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 was and , respectively. The fair value of each award is estimated
on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions used for grants in the
years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. Historical information was the primary basis for the selection of the expected
volatility, expected dividend yield and the expected lives of the options. The risk-free interest rate was selected based upon yields
of the U.S. Treasury issues with a term equal to the expected life of the option being valued. The following table summarizes the
assumptions used in determining fair value. These assumptions are subjective and generally require significant analysis and judgment to
develop. We have recognized tax benefits associated with stock-based compensation of and for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Expected volatility 

Weighted-average volatility 

Expected dividends 

Expected term (in years) 

10 Years 

10 Years 

Risk-free rate 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at year end 

Options exercisable 

Weighted average fair value of options granted during the period 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Total stock-based compensation expense, net of forfeitures, for stock
option awards totaled 
and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Net cash received from option exercises for the years ended
December 31, 2022, and 2021 was 
and ,
respectively. We have recognized tax benefits associated with options exercised of 
and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted during the
years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, was and , respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised
during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, was and , respectively. 

8.8 years 

As of December 31, 2022, there was of total unrecognized compensation
cost related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements granted under the 2015 Plan. That cost is expected to be recognized
over a weighted-average period of 45 months. The total fair value of shares vested was and at December 31,
2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

2021 STOCK OPTION PLAN, as amended 

Time Based Stock Options 

The per share weighted average fair value of stock options granted during
the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was and respectively. The fair value of each award is estimated
on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions used for grants in the
years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Historical information was the primary basis for the selection of the expected volatility,
expected dividend yield and the expected lives of the options. The risk-free interest rate was selected based upon yields of the
U.S. Treasury issues with a term equal to the expected life of the option being valued. We have recognized tax benefits associated with
stock-based compensation of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Expected Volatility 

Weighted-average volatility 

Expected dividends 

Expected term (in years) 

10 

0 

Risk-free rate 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at year end 

Options exercisable 

Weighted average fair value of options granted during the period 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Total stock-based compensation expense was and 0 for the years
ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. There were no options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021. 

The weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted during the
years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was and , respectively. 

9.3 years 

As of December 31, 2022, there was of total unrecognized compensation
cost related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements granted under the 2021 Plan. That cost is expected to be recognized
over a weighted-average period of 48 months. The total fair value of shares vested as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021,
was zero and zero , respectively. 

Performance-Based Stock Options 

There were no performance-based stock options granted during the twelve
months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at year end 

Options exercisable 

Weighted average fair value of options granted during the period 

Stock-based compensation expense 

() 

Total performance stock-based compensation expense totaled zero and ) 
for the years ended December 2022 and 2021, respectively. All performance-based stock options were forfeited as of December 31, 2021,
and there was no unrecognized compensation cost remaining. 

RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS 

On April 12, 2021, pursuant to an employment agreement entered into on
March 15, 2021, with Linda Tharby, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer and as an inducement to her employment, the
Company issued three restricted stock awards for an aggregate shares of common stock for an aggregate stock price of 
and each vesting subject to employment on the respective vesting date. The following table summarizes the activities for our unvested
restricted stock awards for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited/canceled 

Unvested at December 31 

As of December 31, 2022, there was of unrecognized compensation
cost related to unvested employee restricted shares. This amount is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 21 months.
We have recognized tax benefits associated with restricted stock award compensation of and for the twelve months ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

- 42 - 

Table of Contents 

At contract inception, we evaluate whether an arrangement is or contains
a lease for which we are the lessee (that is, arrangements which provide us with the right to control a physical asset for a period of
time). Operating leases are accounted for on the balance sheets with ROU assets being recognized in Operating lease right-of-use
assets and lease liabilities recognized in Operating lease liability current and Operating lease liability,
net of current portion. Finance leases are accounted for on the balance sheets recognized in Property and equipment, net 
and lease liabilities recognized in Finance lease liability current and Finance lease liability, net of current
portion. 

Operating lease expenses are recognized on a straight-line basis over the
lease term. With respect to finance leases, amortization of the ROU asset is presented separately from interest expense related
to the finance lease liability. 

We have elected to combine lease and non-lease components for all lease
contracts where we are the lessee. Additionally, for arrangements with lease terms of 12 months or less, we do not recognize ROU
assets and lease liabilities and lease payments are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term with variable lease payments
recognized in the period in which the obligation is incurred. ROU assets are measured for impairment when a triggering event occurs. 

Short-term lease cost 

Total lease cost 

Finance lease cost: 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Total finance lease cost 

Financing cash flows from finance leases 

Operating lease liability current 

Operating lease liability, net of current portion 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Finance Leases 

Property and equipment, at cost 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Property and equipment, net 

Finance lease liability current 

Finance lease liability, net of current portion 

Total finance lease liabilities 

December 31, 
2022 
 
 December 31, 
2021 

Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term 

Operating leases 
 
 9.7 Years 
 
 0.6 Years 

Finance leases 
 
 4.6 Years 
 
 0 Years 

Weighted Average Discount Rate 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Total lease liabilities 

() 
 
 Federal income tax: 

Deferred 

Current 

Income tax benefit/(expense) 

2,014,018 

() 
 
 Income taxes computed at the federal statutory rate 

State income and franchise tax 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Permanent differences and other 

() 

Income tax benefit/(expense) 

2,014,018 

Depreciation and amortization 

() 
 
 () 
 
 R D credit 

NOL 

Allowance for bad debts and other 

Deferred income tax assets, net 

Our U.S. federal and state income tax returns remain open to examination
for the tax years 2019 through 2021. 

and ,
respectively, of the Company s net product revenues were derived from three major customers that are distributors. As of
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, accounts receivable due from the three major customers was 2.2 million and 2.1 million,
respectively. 

The largest customer in both years is a domestic medical products and supplies
distributor. Although, a number of larger infusion customers have elected to consolidate their purchases through one or more distributors
in recent years, we continue to maintain strong direct relationships with them. We do not believe that their continued purchase
of FREEDOM System products and related supplies is contingent upon the distributor. 

The Manufacturing and Supply Agreement also includes customary provisions
relating to, among other things, delivery, inspection procedures, warranties, quality management, business continuity plans, handling
and transport, intellectual property, confidentiality and indemnification. 

. Company matching expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021 was and , respectively. The Company has not provided for a discretionary profit-sharing contribution. 

million bearing an annual percentage
rate of , to finance its insurance premiums. Monthly payments are due on the first of each month beginning August 1, 2022 through
June 1, 2023. 

- 46 - 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer or CEO, and principal financial officer or CFO, of the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act )) as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, our management, including our CEO and CFO, concluded that as of
December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports
that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
SEC s rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
under the supervision of the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, and implemented in conjunction
with management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of the Company s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

There are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any internal control,
including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls. Accordingly, even effective internal control
can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the
effectiveness of internal control may vary over time. 

Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This assessment was based on criteria for effective internal control over financial
reporting described in Internal Control - Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, management determined that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company maintained
effective internal control over financial reporting. 

CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the year ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or that is
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

- 47 - 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Information regarding our executive officers required by Item 10 of Part
III is set forth in Item 1 of Part I Business Executive Officers. Information required by Item 10 of Part
III regarding our directors and any material changes to the process by which security holders may recommend nominees to the Board of Directors
is included in our Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and is incorporated herein by reference. Information
relating to our Code of Ethics and to compliance with Section 16(a) of the 1934 Act is set forth in our Proxy Statement relating to our
2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. We intend to disclose amendments to our Code of Ethics,
as well as waivers of the provisions thereof, on our website under the heading Investors - Governance at www.korumedical.com. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Information required by Item 11 of Part III is included in our Proxy Statement
relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Information required by Item 12 of Part III is included in our Proxy Statement
relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE 

Information required by Item 13 of Part III is included in our Proxy Statement
relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Information required by Item 14 of Part III is included in our Proxy Statement
relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

All financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not
required, not applicable, not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or the required information is otherwise
included. 

- 48 - 

Table of Contents 

The following exhibits are filed herewith or incorporated by reference
as part of this Annual Report. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

3.1(i) 
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation effective March 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 5, 2019). 

3.1(ii) 
 
 Amended and Restated By-Laws dated December 5, 2018 (incorporated by reference to our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 7, 2018). 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 23, 2021). 

10.1 
 
 Lease Extension Agreement dated February 16, 2022 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2022). 

10.2 
 
 2015 Stock Option Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to the Company s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on July 28, 2016). 

10.3 
 
 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on April 5, 2021). 

10.4 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 23, 2021). 

10.5 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 23, 2021). 

10.6 
 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on March 18, 2022). 

10.7 
 
 Manufacturing and Supply Agreement dated as of November 11, 2020 between KORU Medical Systems, Inc. and Command Medical Products (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 12, 2020). Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

10.8 
 
 Promissory Note in the aggregate principal amount of 3.5 million dated April 14, 2020 issued by the Company to KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 30, 2020). 

10.9 
 
 Commercial Security Agreement dated April 14, 2020 between the Company and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 30, 2020). 

10.10 
 
 Loan Agreement dated April 20, 2020 between the Company and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 30, 2020). 

10.11 
 
 Loan Modification Extension and Addendum Agreement dated June 29, 2022 between the Company and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 6, 2022). 

10.12 
 
 Progress Payment Loan and Security Agreement dated as of April 20, 2020 between the Company and Key Equipment Finance, a Division of KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 30, 2020). 

10.13 
 
 Pledge Agreement dated as of June 29, 2022 between the Company and KeyBank National Association (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 6, 2022). 

continued 

- 49 - 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

10.14 
 
 Employment Agreement effective as of March 15, 2021 between KORU Medical Systems, Inc. and Linda Tharby (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 23, 2021). 

10.15 
 
 Employment Agreement effective as of March 18, 2022 between KORU Medical Systems, Inc. and Brian Case (filed herewith). 

10.16 
 
 Employment Agreement effective as of October 20, 2021 between KORU Medical Systems, Inc. and Thomas Adams (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 3, 2022). 

10.17 
 
 Lease dated as of January 21, 2022 between the Company and Breit Industrial Canyon NJ1W05 LLC (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2022). 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Auditors (filed herewith). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer of registrant required under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer of registrant required under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer of registrant required under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer of registrant required under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the XBRL Instance Document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 __________ 

+ 
 Certain schedules, appendices and/or exhibits to this agreement have been omitted in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished supplementally to the Securities and Exchange Commission staff upon request. 

Denotes management compensatory agreement or arrangement. 

Certain information has been omitted from this exhibit because it is not material and would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

- 50 - 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on March
8, 2023. 

KORU MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC. 

/s/ Linda Tharby 

 Linda Tharby, President and Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Thomas Adams 

 Tom Adams, Interim- Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on March 8, 2023. 

/s/ R. John Fletcher 

 R. John Fletcher, Chairman of the Board 

/s/ James M. Beck 

 James M. Beck, Director 

/s/ Robert A. Casella 

 Robert A. Casella, Director 

/s/ Joseph M. Manko, Jr. 

 Joseph M. Manko, Jr., Director 

/s/ Shahriar Matin 

 Shahriar Matin, Director 

/s/ Donna French 

 Donna French, Director 

/s/ Linda Tharby 

 Linda Tharby, Director 

- 51 - 

<EX-10>
 2
 ex_10-15.htm
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT MARCH 18, 2022 - BRIAN CASE

Exhibit 10.15 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this
 Agreement effective as of March 18, 2022, is made by and between Repro Med Systems, Inc. d/b/a KORU Medical Systems,
a New York corporation, having its principal place of business at 24 Carpenter Road, Chester, NY 10918 (the Company ),
and Brian Case , an individual having a domicile at [address] Employee ). 

WHEREAS, the Company desires to
employ Employee, and Employee desires to be employed by the Company, upon terms and conditions set forth herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual promises set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby
acknowledged, intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Employment. 

(a) Position. 
The Company hereby employs Employee as Chief Technology Officer of the Company. Employee shall report directly to the President/Chief
Employee Officer of the Company (the CEO and shall have the duties, authority and responsibilities customarily held by
a person holding the position Chief Technology Officer in companies engaged in business similar to the Company s business and of
similar size to the Company. Employee shall render such other services as may be reasonably assigned to them from time to time by the
CEO. Employee shall be a full-time, exempt employee. Employee s employment under this Agreement is expected to commence on April
18, 2022. 

(b) Duties. 
Employee hereby agrees to be employed as Chief Technology Officer. Employee agrees that he shall: (i) faithfully and to the best of their
ability perform all of the duties that may be required of their pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; (ii) devote substantially all
of their business time and attention to the performance of Employee s duties hereunder ; and (iii) not engage in any other business,
profession or occupation for compensation or otherwise which would conflict or interfere with the performance of such services either
directly or indirectly without the prior written consent of the CEO. 

(c) Place
of Performance. The principal place of Employee s employment shall be at Employee s domicile, provided that Employee shall
spend, on average, three weeks each calendar month, for the first year, at the Company s principal place of business and/or other
sites for customer meetings, conferences or other activities requisite to perform his duties. Employee will be required to travel routinely
on Company business. The Company shall reimburse the Employee for all reasonable, necessary, and documented travel expenses incurred by
Employee in performing duties set forth in Section 1(c). 

2. At-Will
Employment . The Company and Employee agree that Employee s employment with the Company is at-will, meaning that
Employee may terminate their employment at any time for any reason or no reason, and that Company may terminate Employee s employment
at any time for any reason or no reason, subject to the terms, conditions, and obligations set forth in Section 4 of this Agreement. 

3. Compensation
and Related Matters. 

(a) Base
Salary. The Company shall pay to Employee an annual base salary of 350,000 (the Base Salary ), less such deductions
as are required by law or that Employee may elect in accordance with Company policy and procedure, payable in equal periodic installments
in accordance with the Company s customary payroll practices, but no less frequently than monthly. The Base Salary shall be prorated
for any partial year of employment on the basis of a 365-day year. The Base Salary shall be reviewed at least annually by the Company s
Board of Directors (the Board and may increase (but not decrease) at the Board s sole and absolute discretion. 

(b) Annual
Bonus. For each complete calendar year, Employee shall be eligible to earn an annual bonus (the Annual Bonus of up to 45 of the Base Salary in accordance with Company policy and procedure for granting of a management specified employee bonus,
based on achievement of Company and individual performance targets that will be set by the Company as part of the annual budget process
and within the Company s 

sole discretion. The determination as to whether applicable
targets have been achieved, and whether and to what extent any Annual Bonus is to be paid with respect to such targets, shall be made
in the sole and absolute discretion of the Company. Any Annual Bonus so determined shall be paid in the month of March following the applicable
bonus year, no later than March 31, less such deductions as are required by law or that Employee may elect in accordance with Company
policy and procedure. Employee must be fully and actively employed as of the payment date and must not have provided notice of termination
for any reason prior to the payment date to be entitled to the Annual Bonus. The Annual Bonus shall be reviewed at least annually by the
Company s Board of Directors (the Board and may increase (but not decrease) at the Board s sole and absolute
discretion. 

(c) Stock
Options. Subject to the approval and sole discretion of the Board, Employee shall be granted a non-qualified option (the Option to acquire 475,000 shares of common stock (the Shares ), which shall be subject to the terms of the Company s 2015
Stock Option Plan or 2021 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan, as each may be amended from time to time, and any associated equity and/or
grant agreement required to be entered into by Employee and the Company. The Shares will be subject to a four (4) year vesting schedule.
Twenty-five percent of the Shares shall vest on the one (1) year anniversary of the date of grant (the Vesting Commencement Date ),
and the remaining Shares shall vest as follows: 25 of the Shares at the end of each successive twelve (12) month period following the
Vesting Commencement Date, provided that the Employee is still employed by the Company pursuant to this Agreement on each respective Vesting
Date. The exercise price of the Shares shall be determined on May 2, 2022. 

(i) Upon a Change of Control Termination,
the Shares underlying the Option shall automatically vest in full. Change of Control Termination as
used herein means Employee s employment being terminated by the Company (or its successor) without Cause or by the Employee for
Good Reason (as defined below) within three (3) months before or twelve (12) months after any of the following occur: (A) the acquisition
by any person or group, other than the Company, of 50 or more of the voting stock of the Company; (B) within any two year period the
individuals who constituted the Board at the beginning of the period shall cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board,
provided that the election of each subsequent member who was approved in advance by two-thirds of the members of the Board in office at
the beginning of such two year period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, shall be considered as
though such individual was a member of the Board at the beginning of the period; (C) the consummation of a merger, consolidation or reorganization,
the result of which is that the shareholders of the Company immediately prior to the merger, consolidation or reorganization do not own
and control immediately after the merger, consolidation or reorganization at least 50 of the value of the outstanding equity and combined
voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the Board;
or (D) a sale, exclusive license or other disposition (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all or substantially
all of the Company s assets. 

(d) Business
Expenses. Employee shall receive reimbursement from the Company for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred
by Employee in performing services hereunder; provided that, in each case, that such expenses are accounted for in accordance with the
standard policies and procedures established by the Company for reimbursement of expenses. 

(e) Paid
Vacation; Sick Time; Personal Days; and Holidays. Employee shall be entitled to four (4) weeks of paid vacation time off per calendar
year (pro-rated according to the Company s standard policies and procedures related to accrual of paid vacation time off), to be
taken at such times and for such periods as shall not interfere with the duties required to be rendered by Employee hereunder. Employee
shall also accrue a total of seven (7) paid sick days and two (2) paid personal days per calendar year in accordance with current Company
policy, which may be revised from time. In addition to the foregoing, Employee shall be entitled to paid holidays in accordance with the
Company s policies and procedures. Employee shall not be paid for accrued but unused vacation paid time off, paid sick time, or
paid personal days upon termination of Employee s employment for any reason, unless otherwise required by law. 

(f) Other
Benefits . Employee shall be entitled to participate in such life insurance, medical, dental disability, pension and retirement plans
and other programs as may be approved from time to time by the Company 

- 2 - 

for the benefit of its employees, except any such
plan or program with respect to which Employee voluntarily executes a legally effective waiver. Nothing herein shall affect the Company s
right to amend, modify or terminate any retirement or other benefit plan at any time for any reason. 

4. Termination
of Employment. 

(a) Termination
by Company . The Company may terminate Employee s employment with the Company at any time effective immediately: (i) without
Cause (as defined below); or (ii) with Cause (as defined below). For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean
Employee s: (A) gross negligence or willful misconduct with respect to the Company, including, without limitation, engagement in
dishonesty with respect to the Company s business, or conduct that is injurious to the Company, its business or its reputation;
(B) embezzlement, theft or fraud; (C) conviction of or plea of guilty or no contest to any felony, or any lesser crime of dishonesty;
(D) personal conduct in furtherance of a hostile work environment or personal engagement in discrimination in violation of any state or
federal anti-harassment or discrimination statute; (E) breach of any material obligation under this Agreement or any other written agreement
between Employee and the Company; (F) Employee s failure to perform Employee s duties (other than any such failure resulting
from incapacity due to physical or mental illness); or (G) violation of the Company s written policies, including but not limited
to its Code of Ethics and/or Code of Conduct. 

(b) Termination
by Employee. Employee may terminate their employment with the Company by giving Company not less than sixty (60) days prior
written notice, provided that the Company may waive all or any part of the sixty (60) day notice period for no consideration by giving
written notice to the Employee and, for all purposes of this Agreement, the Employee s effective date of termination shall be the
date determined by the Company in such notice. 

(i) For Good Reason By Employee .
Employee may terminate their employment under this Agreement for Good Reason. Good Reason shall mean, in each case to the
extent not consented by Employee: (i) a breach by the Company of any material provision of this Agreement or any other written agreement
between Employee and the Company; (ii) material reduction of the Employee s authority, duties, or responsibilities; (iii) a reduction
of the Employee s then-current Base Salary or Annual Bonus Target; (iv) the Company s failure to obtain an agreement from
any successor to the Company to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company
would be required to perform if no succession had taken place, except where such assumption occurs by operation of law; (v) the Company s
Common Stock no longer being publicly traded; 

(c) Death. 
Employee s employment hereunder shall terminate effective immediately upon their death. 

(d) Disability. 
The Company may terminate Employee s employment hereunder if: (i) as a result of Employee s incapacity due to physical or
mental illness, Employee shall have been absent from their duties hereunder for a period of 120 consecutive days or a total of 180 days
during any 365-day period and is unable to perform the essential duties of the job with or without a reasonable accommodation; and (ii)
if within ten (10) days after written notice of termination is given by the Company to Employee (which may occur at or after the end of
such period), Employee shall not have returned to the performance of their duties hereunder on a full-time basis. During any period that
Employee fails to perform their duties hereunder as a result of incapacity due to physical or mental illness (the Disability Period ),
Employee shall continue to receive their Base Salary as set forth in Section 3(a) of this Agreement until their employment is terminated
pursuant to this Section 4(d), provided that payments so made to Employee during the Disability Period shall be reduced by the sum of
the amounts, if any, payable to Employee under disability benefit plans of the Company. 

5. Compensation
upon Termination of Employment. 

(a) Accrued
and Unpaid Compensation . If Employee s employment is terminated for any reason, the Company shall pay Employee their full Base
Salary through the effective date of the termination of Employee s employment Termination Date ), plus all
accrued and unpaid benefits (including all health and welfare benefits in which Employee was a participant in accordance with their terms),
and the Company shall have no further 

- 3 - 

obligations whatsoever to Employee under this Agreement
except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement. 

(b) Severance. 
If Employee s employment is terminated either by the Company without Cause (as defined above) (and not for death or Disability),
or by Employee pursuant to Section 4(c) above, then, subject to their execution and non-revocation of a reasonable and customary general
release of claims in favor of the Company and its affiliates, Employee shall be entitled to receive the following: 

(i) if the Termination Date is less
than twelve (12) months after Employee s commencement of employment with the Company, an amount equal to six (6) months of their
Base Salary in effect as of the Termination Date, paid in accordance with the Company s normal payroll cycle over the six (6) month
period following the Termination Date; or if the Termination Date is twelve (12) months or more after Employee s commencement of
employment with the Company, an amount equal to twelve (12) months of their Base Salary in effect as of the Termination Date, paid in
accordance with the Company s normal payroll cycle over the twelve (12) month period following the Termination Date; provided that
such payments shall automatically cease upon Employee s employment or engagement as a consultant, contractor, or service provider
by any person or entity other than the Company within the applicable payment period; and provided that such amounts shall be paid in accordance
with the Company s customary payroll practices, and less such deductions as are required by law or that Employee may elect in accordance
with Company policy and procedure; and 

(ii) for the same six (6) or twelve
(12) month period after the Termination Date, as applicable under Section 5(b)(i) above, and subject to applicable law, the Company will
also pay its share of premiums for Employee s health insurance as currently enrolled on the Termination Date; provided that such
payments shall automatically cease upon Employee s employment or engagement as a consultant, contractor, or service provider by
any person or entity other than the Company within the applicable payment period. 

6. Representations
and Warranties of Employee. Employee represents and warrants to the Company that he is free to accept employment hereunder and that
he has no prior or other obligations or commitments of any kind that would in any way hinder or interfere with their acceptance of, or
the full performance of, such employment. 

7. Confidentiality. 

(a) During
Employee s employment and at all times thereafter, Employee shall keep Confidential Information (as defined below) strictly confidential.
Employee shall not at any time, directly or indirectly, disclose or divulge any Confidential Information, except (i) if required by law,
regulation or legal or regulatory process, but only in accordance with Section 7(b) below, or (ii) to their affiliates and their and their
respective directors, officers, employees, managing members, general partners, agents and consultants (including attorneys, financial
advisors and accountants) Representatives ), as applicable, to the extent necessary to permit such Representatives
to assist Employee in any Permitted Use (as defined below); provided that Employee shall require each such Representative to be
bound by the terms of this Section 7 to the same extent as if they were parties hereto and Employee shall be responsible for any breach
of this Section 7 by any of its Representatives. 

(b) If
Employee or any of their Representatives is required, in the written opinion of Employee s counsel, to disclose any Confidential
Information, by law, regulation or legal or regulatory process, Employee shall: (i) take all reasonable steps to preserve the privileged
nature and confidentiality of the Confidential Information, including requesting that the Confidential Information not be disclosed to
non-parties or the public; (ii) give the Company prompt prior written notice of such request or requirement so that the Company may seek,
at its sole cost and expense, an appropriate protective order or other remedy; and (iii) cooperate with the Company, at the Company s
sole cost and expense, to obtain such protective order. In the event that such protective order or other remedy is not obtained, Employee
(or such other persons to whom such request is directed) will furnish only that portion of the Confidential Information which, on the
advice of such person s counsel, is legally required to be disclosed and, upon the Company s request, use its reasonable best
efforts to obtain assurances that confidential treatment will be accorded to such information. 

- 4 - 

(c) For
the purposes hereof, Confidential Information shall mean all trade secrets, information, data, documents, agreements,
files and other materials, whether disclosed orally or disclosed or stored in written, electronic or other form or media, which is obtained
from or disclosed by the Company or its Representatives before or after the date hereof regarding the Company or its clients, including,
without limitation, all analyses, compilations, reports, forecasts, studies, samples and other documents which contain or otherwise reflect
or are generated from such information, data, documents, agreements, files or other materials. The term Confidential Information 
as used herein does not include information that at the time of disclosure or thereafter is generally available to and known by the public
(other than as a result of its disclosure directly or indirectly by Employee or any of their Representatives in violation of this Agreement). 

(d) Employee
shall make no use whatsoever, directly or indirectly, of any Confidential Information, except for: (i) the purposes of performing Employee s
duties and obligations to the Company; (ii) evaluating Employee s ownership interest in the Company; and (iii) use for the benefit
of the Company as part of the solicitation of existing or prospective customers of the Company (the Permitted Uses ). 

(e) Upon
the termination of. Employee s employment or upon the Company s request at any time and for any reason, Employee shall immediately
deliver to the Company all materials (including all soft and hard copies) in Employee s possession which contain or relate to Confidential
Information, as well as all information necessary to access such confidential information. 

(f) Notwithstanding
the foregoing confidentiality obligations, pursuant to 18 USC 1833(b), Employee will not be held criminally or civilly liable under
any federal or state trade secret law for disclosing a trade secret if such disclosure is made: (i) in confidence to a federal, state
or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating
a suspected violation of law; or (ii) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made
under seal. Additionally, if Employee files a lawsuit claiming retaliation by Company based on the reporting of a suspected violation
of law, Employee may disclose a trade secret to Employee s attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding,
so long as any document containing the trade secret is filed under seal and Employee does not disclose the trade secret except pursuant
to court order. 

8. Assignment
of Developments. 

(a) All
inventions, modifications, discoveries, designs, developments, improvements , processes, works of authorship, documentation, formulae,
data, techniques, know-how, secrets or intellectual property rights or any interest therein made by Employee, either alone or in conjunction
with others, at any place or at any time during the Term, whether or not reduced to writing or practice during such period , which result
, in whole or in part, from (i) any services performed directly or indirectly for the Company by Employee or (ii) Employee s use
of the Company s time, equipment, supplies, facilities or information (collectively, the Company Developments shall be and hereby is the exclusive property of the Company without any further compensation to Employee. In addition, without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, all Company Developments which are copyrightable work by Employee are intended to be work made
for hire as defined in Section 81 of the Copyright Act of 1976, as amended, and shall be and hereby are the property of the Company. 

(b) Employee
shall promptly disclose any Company Developments to the Company. If any Company Development is not the property of the Company by operation
of law, this Agreement or otherwise, Employee will, and hereby does, without further consideration, assign to the Company all right, title
and interest in such Company Development and will reasonably assist the Company and its nominees in every way, at the Company s
expense, to secure, maintain and defend the Company s rights in such Company Development. Employee shall sign all instruments necessary
for the filing and prosecution of any applications for, or extension or renewals of, letters patent (or other intellectual property registrations
or filings) of the United States or any foreign country which the Company desires to file. Employee hereby irrevocably designates and
appoints the Company and its duly authorized officers and agents as Employee s agent and attorney-in-fact (which designation and
appointment shall be deemed coupled with an interest and shall survive Employee s death or incapacity), to act for and in Employee s
behalf to execute and file any such applications, extensions or renewals and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further 

- 5 - 

the prosecution and issuance of such letters patent
or other intellectual property registrations or filings, or such other similar documents, with the same legal force and effect as if executed
by Employee. 

9. Non-Competition;
Non-Solicitation; Non-Disparagement. 

(a) During
Employee s employment and for the Restricted Period (as defined below), Employee shall not engage in any Prohibited Activity anywhere
in the world. For the purposes of this Agreement, (i) Restricted Period shall mean the later of (A) the period during
which Employee is entitled to receive any payment pursuant to Section 5(b) of this Agreement, or (B) twelve (12) months following termination
of this Agreement; and (ii) Prohibited Activity shall mean the design, development, marketing, sale, re-sale, manufacture
or distribution of home infusion products, or other similar activities, or the engagement in any other business in which the Company is
actively engaged immediately prior to the commencement of the Restricted Period, in each case on Employee s behalf or on behalf
of another (including as a shareholder, member, employee, employer, owner, operator, manager, advisor, consultant, agent, partner, joint
venturer or investor of another person or entity). Prohibited Activity also includes activity that may require or inevitably require disclosure
of trade secrets, proprietary information or other Confidential Information of the Company except as otherwise permitted hereunder. 

(b) During
the Restricted Period, Employee shall not, directly or indirectly: (i) solicit, hire, recruit, attempt to hire or recruit, or induce the
termination of employment of any employee of the Company; (ii) solicit, contact (including but not limited to e-mail, regular mail, express
mail, telephone, fax, and instant message), attempt to contact or meet with any (x) existing or prospective customer of the Company for
purposes of offering or accepting goods or services similar to or competitive with those offered by the Company, or (y) competitor of
the Company for any purpose related to the business or services of the competitor or the Company; or (iii) induce, influence or encourage
any existing or prospective customer, supplier or other business partner of the Company for purposes of diverting their business or services
from the Company. 

(c) Employee
shall not, during their employment or thereafter, make, publish or communicate to any person or in any public forum any comments or statements
(whether written or oral) that denigrate or disparage the reputation or stature of the Company, its affiliates or any of their respective
officers, directors, managers or employees (acting in their capacity as officers, directors, managers or employees of the Company or its
affiliates). Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 9(c) is intended to, nor shall it, interfere with Employee s
protected rights under applicable labor laws to engage in protected concerted activity, or to file a charge or complaint with, or participate
in an investigation or proceeding pursuant to, the statutes administered by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or equivalent
state agency, or any federal, state or local government agency. 

(d) Employee
acknowledges that the restrictions contained in this Section 9 are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate interests of the
Company and constitute a material inducement to the Company to enter into this Agreement and offer employment to Employee under this Agreement.
In the event that any covenant contained in this Section 9 should ever be adjudicated to exceed the time, geographic, product or service,
or other limitations permitted by applicable law in any jurisdiction, then any court is expressly empowered to reform such covenant, and
such covenant shall be deemed reformed, in such jurisdiction to the maximum time, geographic, product or service, or other limitations
permitted by applicable law. The covenants contained in this Section 9 and each provision hereof are severable and distinct covenants
and provisions. The invalidity or unenforceability of any such covenant or provision as written shall not invalidate or render unenforceable
the remaining covenants or provisions hereof, and any such invalidity or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or
render unenforceable such covenant or provision in any other jurisdiction. 

10. Amendment;
Waiver. This Agreement may be amended, and the observance of any term of this Agreement may be waived (either generally or in a particular
instance and either retroactively or prospectively), only by an instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto. Waiver of any term
or condition of this Agreement will not be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach or waiver of the same term or condition, or
a waiver of any other term or condition of this Agreement. 

- 6 - 

11. Applicable
Law; Severability . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of New York, exclusive of the body
of law known as conflicts of law. Should a court or other body of competent jurisdiction determine that any term or provision of this
Agreement is excessive in scope or duration or is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, then the parties agree that such term or provision
shall not be voided or made unenforceable , but rather shall be modified so as to be valid, legal and enforceable to the maximum extent
possible, under the purposes stated in the preceding sentence and with applicable law, and all other terms and provisions of this Agreement
shall remain valid and fully enforceable. 

12. Submission
to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. 

(a) If
a dispute arises between the Parties concerning the subject matter of this Agreement, the Parties consent to the sole and exclusive jurisdiction
of the state courts situated in CHESTER County, New York and the federal United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York. 

(b) EACH
PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT
ISSUES AND, THEREFORE, EACH SUCH PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY
LEGAL ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. 

13. Equitable
Relief. In the event of a breach or threatened breach by Employee of Sections 7 through 9, Employee hereby consents and agrees that
the Company shall be entitled to seek, in addition to other available remedies, a temporary or permanent injunction or other equitable
relief against such breach or threatened breach from any court of competent jurisdiction, without the necessity of showing any actual
damages or that monetary damages would not afford an adequate remedy, and without the necessity of posting any bond or other security.
The aforementioned equitable relief shall be in addition to, not in lieu of, legal remedies, monetary damages or other available forms
of relief. 

14. Further
Assurances . The Company and Employee shall each take all actions as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate in furtherance of their
respective obligations and covenants set forth in this Agreement, including, without limitation, executing and delivering such additional
agreements, certificates, instruments and other documents as may be deemed necessary or appropriate. 

15. Assignability;
Third-Party Beneficiary. This Agreement will be binding upon, enforceable by and inure solely to the benefit of, the parties and their
respective permitted successors and assigns. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, this Agreement shall not be assigned
by any party hereto without the prior written consent of the non- assigning parties. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement,
nothing in this Agreement is intended to or will confer upon any person, other than the parties to this Agreement and their respective
heirs, successors and assigns, any right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, nothing in this Agreement shall preclude the Company from consolidating or merging into or with, transferring
all or substantially all of its equity or assets to, or otherwise assigning this Agreement by operation of law to another person or entity
without the consent of Employee; provided that, in each case, such other person or entity shall assume this Agreement and all obligations
of the Company hereunder. Upon such consolidation, merger, transfer of equity or assets, or assignment by operation of law, and such assumption,
the term the Company as used herein, shall mean such other person or entity and this Agreement shall continue in full force
and effect. 

16. Notices. 
All notices and other communications under this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed given if delivered personally, faxed,
sent by internationally recognized overnight courier, mailed by registered or certified mail (return receipt requested), postage prepaid,
or sent by electronic mail (without a failed transmission response) to the parties at the following addresses (or at such other address
for a party as such party specifies by like notice): 

- 7 - 

If to the Company: 
 Email: ltharby@korumedical.com 
 
 Repro Med Systems, Inc. d/b/a 

KORU Medical Systems 

24 Carpenter Road 
 If to the Employee: 
 
 Chester, NY 10918 
 Brian Case 
 
 Attention: Linda Tharby 
 [address, email, phone] 
 
 Telephone: 845-610-5561 

All such notices, consents, requests, demands, waivers
and other communications so delivered, mailed or sent shall be deemed to have been received (i) if by personal delivery, on the day delivered,
(ii) if by certified or registered mail, on the earlier of the date of receipt or the third business day after the mailing thereof , (iii)
if by next-day or overnight mail or delivery service such as Federal Express or UPS, on the day delivered or (iv) if by fax or electronic
mail, on the day on which such fax or electronic mail was sent, provided that a copy is also sent by certified or registered mail or by
next-day or overnight mail or delivery service such as Federal Express or UPS. 

17. Termination
of Agreement; Survival. This Agreement shall terminate upon termination of Employee s employment as provided herein; provided,
however, that the provisions of Sections 7, 8, 9, 11, 12, 13 and this Section 17 shall survive termination of this Agreement. 

18. Section
409A. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement, no payment shall be made and no election shall be permitted
that would violate the requirements of or cause taxation under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code and the Treasury regulations
promulgated thereunder. Further, all provisions in this Agreement shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with Section 409A and guidance
related thereto. 

19. Counterparts. 
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which
when executed shall be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. 

20. Electronic
Execution and Delivery. The parties may execute and deliver this Agreement by facsimile, electronic mail of a .PDF or other electronic
means under which the signature of or on behalf of such party can be seen, and such execution and delivery will be considered valid, binding
and effective for all purposes. 

21. Entire
Agreement: This Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and
oral, among or between any of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, excluding any separate confidentiality
and/or assignment of inventions agreement Employee may have previously signed. 

[signature page follows] 

- 8 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
and/or their authorized representatives have executed this Employment Agreement as of the date first set forth above. 

COMPANY: 

REPRO MED SYSTEMS, INC. d/b/a KORU MEDICAL SYSTEMS 

By: /s/ Linda Tharby 

 Name: Linda Tharby 

 Title: President and Chief Employee Officer 

Dated: __________________________ 

Employee: 

/s/ Brian Case 

 Brian Case 

Dated: ____________________________ 

- 9 - 

</EX-10>

<EX-23>
 3
 ex_23-1.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

EXHIBIT 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement
on Form S-3 (No. 333-229498), Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-238242), Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-262054),
and related Prospectuses of KORU Medical Systems, Inc. of our reports dated March 8, 2023, with respect to the financial statements of
KORU Medical Systems, Inc. appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ McGrail Merkel Quinn Associates, P.C. 

Scranton, Pennsylvania 

 March 8, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 4
 ex_31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.1 

RULE 13A-14(A) / 15D-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I, Linda Tharby, Principal Executive Officer, certify that: 

1) 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of KORU MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC.; 

2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Linda Tharby 

 Linda Tharby 

 President and Chief Executive Officer 

 Date: March 8, 2023 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 5
 ex_31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.2 

RULE 13A-14(A) / 15D-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF 

 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I, Thomas Adams, Principal Financial Officer, certify that: 

1) 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of KORU MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC.; 

2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Thomas Adams 

 Thomas Adams 

 Interim- Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

 Date: March 8, 2023 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 ex_32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADDED BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of KORU MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC. (the
 Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ),
I, Linda Tharby, Principal Executive Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 

/s/ Linda Tharby 

 Linda Tharby 

 Chief Executive Officer and President 

 Date: March 8, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 7
 ex_32-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADDED BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of KORU MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC. (the
 Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ),
I, Thomas Adams, Principal Financial Officer and Treasurer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 

/s/ Thomas Adams 

 Thomas Adams 

 Interim- Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

 Date: March 8, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 krmd-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 krmd-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 krmd-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 krmd-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

