<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230213_10-K_edgar_data_1630031_0001581068-23-000014.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>24327483</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>421160</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3097706</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9825004</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5305862</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5228631</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>18</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001581068-23-000014.hdr.sgml : 20230213
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230213161004
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001581068-23-000014
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		104
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230213
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230213

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Brixmor Property Group Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001581068
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				452433192
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36160
		FILM NUMBER:		23618483

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		450 LEXINGTON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 869-3000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		450 LEXINGTON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Brixmor Operating Partnership LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001630031
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				800831163
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-201464-01
		FILM NUMBER:		23618484

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		450 LEXINGTON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-869-3000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		450 LEXINGTON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001581068-23-000014.txt : 20230213

10-K
 1
 brx-20221231.htm
 10-K

brx-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from_____ to_____ 
 Commission File Number: (Brixmor Property Group Inc.) 
 Commission File Number: (Brixmor Operating Partnership LP) 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 (Brixmor Property Group Inc.) (Brixmor Operating Partnership LP) (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 - 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Brixmor Property Group Inc. No Brixmor Operating Partnership LP Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Brixmor Property Group Inc. Yes Brixmor Operating Partnership LP Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 Brixmor Property Group Inc. No Brixmor Operating Partnership LP No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 Brixmor Property Group Inc. No Brixmor Operating Partnership LP No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Brixmor Property Group Inc. Brixmor Operating Partnership LP 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Large accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Accelerated filer 
 Emerging growth company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. N/A 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Brixmor Property Group Inc. Brixmor Operating Partnership LP 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Brixmor Property Group Inc. Yes No Brixmor Operating Partnership LP Yes No 
 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrants most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 
 
 Brixmor Property Group Inc. Brixmor Operating Partnership LP N/A 
 (APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE REGISTRANTS) 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 As of February 1, 2023, Brixmor Property Group Inc. had shares of common stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 
 This report combines the annual reports on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of Brixmor Property Group Inc. and Brixmor Operating Partnership LP. Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to the Parent Company or BPG mean Brixmor Property Group Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, and references to the Operating Partnership mean Brixmor Operating Partnership LP and its consolidated subsidiaries. Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms the Company, Brixmor, we, our, and us mean the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, collectively. 
 The Parent Company is a real estate investment trust REIT that owns 100 of the limited liability company interests of BPG Subsidiary LLC BPG Sub ), which, in turn, is the sole member of Brixmor OP GP LLC (the General Partner ), the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. As of December 31, 2022, the Parent Company beneficially owned, through its direct and indirect interest in BPG Sub and the General Partner, 100 of the outstanding partnership common units (the OP Units in the Operating Partnership. 
 The Company believes combining the annual reports on Form 10-K of the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership into this single report: 
 
 Enhances investors understanding of the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership by enabling investors to view the business as a whole, in the same manner as management views and operates the business; 
 Eliminates duplicative disclosure and provides a more streamlined and readable presentation; and 
 Creates time and cost efficiencies through the preparation of one combined report instead of two separate reports. 
 Management operates the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership as one business. Because the Operating Partnership is managed by the Parent Company, and the Parent Company conducts substantially all of its operations through the Operating Partnership, the Parent Company s executive officers are the Operating Partnership s executive officers, and although, as a partnership, the Operating Partnership does not have a board of directors, we refer to the Parent Company s board of directors as the Operating Partnership s board of directors. 
 We believe it is important to understand the few differences between the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership in the context of how the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership operate as a consolidated company. The Parent Company is a REIT, whose only material asset is its indirect interest in the Operating Partnership. As a result, the Parent Company does not conduct business itself other than issuing public equity from time to time. The Parent Company does not incur any material indebtedness. The Operating Partnership holds substantially all of our assets. Except for net proceeds from public equity issuances by the Parent Company, which are contributed to the Operating Partnership in exchange for OP Units, the Operating Partnership generates all capital required by the Company s business. Sources of this capital include the Operating Partnership s operations and its direct or indirect incurrence of indebtedness. 
 Equity, capital, and non-controlling interests are the primary areas of difference between the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Parent Company and those of the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership s capital currently includes OP Units owned by the Parent Company through BPG Sub and the General Partner and has in the past, and may in the future, include OP Units owned by third parties. OP Units owned by third parties, if any, are accounted for in capital in the Operating Partnership s financial statements and outside of equity in non-controlling interests in the Parent Company s financial statements. 
 The Parent Company consolidates the Operating Partnership for financial reporting purposes, and the Parent Company does not have material assets other than its indirect interest in the Operating Partnership. Therefore, while equity, capital, and non-controlling interests may differ as discussed above, the assets and liabilities of the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership are materially the same on their respective financial statements. 
 In order to highlight the differences between the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, there are sections of this report that separately discuss the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, including separate financial statements (but combined footnotes), separate controls and procedures sections, separate certification of periodic report under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and separate certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. In the sections that combine disclosure for the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, this report refers to actions or holdings as being actions or holdings of the Company. 
 i 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Item No. Page Part I 1. Business 1 
 1A. Risk Factors 8 
 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 16 
 2. Properties 17 
 3. Legal Proceedings 20 
 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 20 
 Part II 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 21 
 6. [Reserved] 22 
 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 23 
 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 36 
 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 37 
 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 37 
 9A. Controls and Procedures 37 
 9B. Other Information 39 
 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 39 
 Part III 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 40 
 11. Executive Compensation 40 
 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 40 
 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 40 
 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 40 
 Part IV 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 41 
 16. Form 10-K Summary 46 

ii 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This report may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements related to our expectations regarding the performance of our business, our financial results, our liquidity and capital resources, and other non-historical statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as outlook, believes, expects, potential, continues, may, will, should, seeks, projects, predicts, intends, plans, estimates, anticipates, or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. We believe these factors include but are not limited to those described under the section entitled Risk Factors in this report, as such factors may be updated from time to time in our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), which are accessible on the SEC s website at https://www.sec.gov. These factors include (1) changes in national, regional, and local economies, due to global events such as international military conflicts, international trade disputes, a foreign debt crisis, foreign currency volatility, or due to domestic issues, such as government policies and regulations, tariffs, energy prices, market dynamics, rising interest rates, inflation, unemployment, or limited growth in consumer income or spending; (2) local real estate market conditions, including an oversupply of space in, or a reduction in demand for, properties similar to those in our Portfolio (defined hereafter); (3) competition from other available properties and e-commerce; (4) disruption and/or consolidation in the retail sector, the financial stability of our tenants, and the overall financial condition of large retailing companies, including their ability to pay rent and/or expense reimbursements that are due to us; (5) in the case of percentage rents, the sales volumes of our tenants; (6) increases in property operating expenses, including common area expenses, utilities, insurance, and real estate taxes, which are relatively inflexible and generally do not decrease if revenue or occupancy decrease; (7) increases in the costs to repair, renovate, and re-lease space; (8) earthquakes, wildfires, tornadoes, hurricanes, damage from rising sea levels due to climate change, other natural disasters, epidemics and/or pandemics, including the current pandemic of the novel coronavirus ("COVID-19"), civil unrest, terrorist acts, or acts of war, any of which may result in uninsured or underinsured losses; and (9) changes in laws and governmental regulations, including those governing usage, zoning, the environment, and taxes. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this report and in our other periodic filings. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments, or otherwise, except to the extent otherwise required by law. 

iii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 Brixmor Property Group Inc. and subsidiaries (collectively, BPG is an internally-managed corporation that has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust REIT ). Brixmor Operating Partnership LP and subsidiaries (collectively, the Operating Partnership is the entity through which BPG conducts substantially all of its operations and owns substantially all of its assets. BPG owns 100 of the limited liability company interests of BPG Subsidiary LLC BPG Sub ), which, in turn, is the sole member of Brixmor OP GP LLC (the General Partner ), the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, we, our, and us mean BPG and the Operating Partnership, collectively. We own and operate one of the largest publicly-traded open-air retail portfolios by gross leasable area GLA in the United States U.S. ), comprised primarily of community and neighborhood shopping centers. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio was comprised of 373 shopping centers (the Portfolio totaling approximately 66 million square feet of GLA. Our high-quality national Portfolio is primarily located within established trade areas in the top 50 Core-Based Statistical Areas CBSAs in the U.S., and our shopping centers are primarily anchored by non-discretionary and value-oriented retailers, as well as consumer-oriented service providers. As of December 31, 2022, our three largest tenants by annualized base rent ABR were The TJX Companies, Inc., The Kroger Co., and Burlington Stores, Inc. In the opinion of our management, no material part of our business is dependent upon a single tenant, the loss of which would have a material adverse effect on us, and no single tenant or shopping center accounted for 5 or more of our consolidated revenues during 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, BPG beneficially owned, through its direct and indirect interest in BPG Sub and the General Partner, 100 of the outstanding partnership common units (the OP Units in the Operating Partnership. The number of OP Units in the Operating Partnership beneficially owned by BPG is equivalent to the number of outstanding shares of BPG s common stock, and the entitlement of all OP Units to quarterly distributions and payments in liquidation is substantially the same as those of BPG s common stockholders. BPG s common stock is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the ticker symbol BRX. 
 
 Management operates BPG and the Operating Partnership as one business. Because the Operating Partnership is managed by BPG, and BPG conducts substantially all of its operations through the Operating Partnership, BPG s executive officers are the Operating Partnership s executive officers, and although, as a partnership, the Operating Partnership does not have a board of directors, we refer to BPG s board of directors as the Operating Partnership s board of directors. 

1 

Our Shopping Centers 
 The following table provides summary information regarding our Portfolio as of December 31, 2022: 
 Number of Shopping Centers 373 GLA (square feet) 66.0 million Percent Billed 90 Percent Leased 94 Annualized Base Rent ("ABR") Per Square Foot PSF (1) 
 16.19 New, Renewal and Option Volume (square feet) (2) 
 10.6 million New Lease Volume (square feet) (2) 
 3.3 million New, Renewal and Option Rent Spread (2)(3) 
 12.7 New Rent Spread (2)(3) 
 37.0 Percent Grocery-anchored Shopping Centers (4) 
 72 Percent of ABR in Top 50 U.S. CBSAs 71 
 (1) ABR represents contractual monthly base rent as of a specified date under leases that have been signed or commenced as of the specified date, multiplied by 12. For purposes of calculating ABR, all signed or commenced leases with an initial term of one year or greater are included. ABR PSF is calculated as ABR divided by leased GLA, excluding the GLA of lessee-owned leasehold improvements. 
 (2) During the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 (3) Represents the percentage change in contractual ABR PSF in the first year of the new lease relative to contractual ABR PSF in the last year of the old lease. For purposes of calculating rent spreads, ABR PSF includes the GLA of lessee-owned leasehold improvements. Based on comparable leases only, which consist of new leases signed on units that were occupied within the prior 12 months, renewal leases signed with the same tenant in all or a portion of the same location or that include the expansion into space that was occupied within the prior 12 months, and contractual renewal options exercised by tenants in the same location to extend the term of an expiring lease. New leases signed on units that have been vacant for longer than 12 months, new leases signed on first generation space, and new leases that are ancillary in nature regardless of term are deemed non-comparable and excluded from New Rent Spreads. Renewals that include the expansion of an existing tenant into space that has been vacant for longer than 12 months and renewals that are ancillary in nature regardless of term are deemed non-comparable and excluded from Renewal Rent Spreads. 
 (4) Based on number of shopping centers. 
 
 Business Objectives and Strategies 
 Our primary objective is to maximize total returns to our stockholders through consistent, sustainable growth in cash flow. Our key strategies to achieve this objective include proactively managing our Portfolio to drive internal growth, pursuing value-enhancing reinvestment opportunities, and prudently executing on acquisition and disposition activity, while also maintaining a flexible capital structure positioned for growth. In addition, as we execute on our key strategies, we do so guided by our purpose-driven Corporate Responsibility CR strategy and our commitment to environmental, social, and governance ESG issues. 
 
 Driving Internal Growth. Our primary drivers of internal growth include (i) embedded contractual rent escalations, (ii) below-market rents that may be reset to market as leases expire, (iii) occupancy growth, and (iv) prudent expense management, including proactively navigating inflationary pressure on operating costs and wages. Ongoing strong new leasing productivity, with a key focus on merchandising and our enhanced underwriting processes, have also enabled us to consistently improve the credit of our tenancy and the vibrancy and relevancy of our Portfolio to retailers and consumers. During 2022, we executed 613 new leases representing approximately 3.3 million square feet and 1,614 total leases, including new leases, renewals, and options, representing approximately 10.6 million square feet. 
 
 We believe that rents across our Portfolio are well below market, which provides us with a key competitive advantage in attracting and retaining tenants. During 2022, we achieved rent spreads on new leases of 37.0 and blended rent spreads on new and renewal leases of 16.0 excluding options or 12.7 including options. Looking forward, the weighted average expiring ABR PSF of anchor lease expirations through 2025, assuming no remaining renewal options are exercised, is 10.23 compared to a weighted average ABR PSF of 13.56 for new anchor leases signed during 2022. 
 
 Our high-quality, nationally diversified portfolio of community and neighborhood shopping centers continues to benefit from the desire of many thriving retail platforms to locate in physical formats that provide greater access and proximity to their customers, which has led to robust leasing demand and below-average tenant move-out activity, driving record leased occupancy in 2022. We believe there is opportunity for further occupancy gains in our Portfolio, particularly for spaces less than 10,000 square feet, as such spaces will continue to benefit from our value-enhancing reinvestment initiatives. As of December 31, 2022, leased occupancy was a record 89.2 for spaces less 
 2 

than 10,000 square feet, while our total leased occupancy was a record 93.8 . The spread between our total leased occupancy and our total billed occupancy was 360 basis points and our total signed but not yet commenced lease population, which includes an additional 70 basis points of GLA related to space that will soon be vacated by existing tenants, represented 2.9 million square feet and 54.7 million of ABR, providing strong visibility on our future growth. 
 
 Pursuing value-enhancing reinvestment opportunities. We believe that we have significant opportunities to realize attractive risk-adjusted returns by investing capital in the repositioning and/or redevelopment of certain assets in our Portfolio. Such initiatives are tenant driven and focus on upgrading our centers with strong, best-in-class retailers. During 2022, we stabilized 30 anchor space repositioning, outparcel development, and redevelopment projects, with a weighted average incremental net operating income NOI yield of 10 and an aggregate cost of 179.3 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had 48 projects in process with an expected weighted average incremental NOI yield of 9 and an aggregate anticipated cost of 342.9 million. In addition, we have identified a pipeline of future reinvestment projects aggregating approximately 1.0 billion of potential capital investment, which we expect to execute over the next several years at NOI yields that are generally consistent with those that we have recently realized. 
 
 Prudently executing on acquisition and disposition activity. We actively pursue acquisition and disposition opportunities in order to further concentrate our Portfolio in attractive retail submarkets and optimize the quality and long-term growth rate of our asset base. In general, our acquisition strategy focuses on buying assets with strong growth potential that are located in our existing markets and will allow us to leverage our operational platform and expertise to create value, while our disposition strategy focuses on selling assets when we believe value has been maximized, where there may be future downside risk, or where we have limited ability or desire to build critical mass in a particular submarket. Our acquisition activity may include acquisitions of open-air shopping centers and non-owned anchor spaces or outparcels at, or adjacent to, our shopping centers and the timing of acquisition and disposition activity is often dependent on the transactions and capital markets environments. 
 
 During 2022, we acquired 409.7 million of assets, including transaction costs and closing credits, and generated aggregate net proceeds of 277.0 million from property dispositions. Acquisitions were funded through a combination of net proceeds from property dispositions and available cash. 
 
 Maintaining a Flexible Capital Structure Positioned for Growth. We believe our capital structure provides us with the financial flexibility and capacity to fund our current capital needs as well as future growth opportunities. We have access to multiple forms of capital, including secured property level debt, unsecured corporate level debt, preferred equity, and common equity, which will allow us to efficiently execute on our strategic and operational objectives. We have investment grade credit ratings from all three major credit rating agencies and during 2022, we received a credit rating upgrade from Fitch Ratings and a positive credit rating outlook from S P Global Ratings. 
 
 During 2022, we amended and restated our unsecured credit facility (the Unsecured Credit Facility ), which is comprised of a 1.25 billion revolving credit facility (the Revolving Facility and a 300 million term loan facility, in addition to a new 200 million delayed draw term loan (together, the Term Loan Facility"). The Unsecured Credit Facility amendment extended the maturities of the Revolving Facility and Term Loan Facility to June 2026 and July 2027, respectively, while also improving pricing and adding a sustainability-linked pricing component related to our continued reductions of greenhouse gas emissions. During 2022, we also renewed our 400 million share repurchase program and our 400 million at-the-market equity offering program ATM ), which together provide us with maximum flexibility to capitalize on a wide range of potential capital markets environments and support the long-term execution of our balanced business plan. 
 
 Also, during 2022 we repaid 250.0 million of our senior unsecured notes due 2022 with available cash. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.35 billion of available liquidity, including 1.12 billion under our Revolving Facility, 200.0 million under our delayed draw term loan, and 21.3 million of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash. We have no debt maturities in 2023 and have 500.0 million of debt maturities in June 2024. 
 
 Operating in a Socially Responsible Manner. We believe that prioritizing corporate responsibility is critical to delivering consistent, sustainable growth. Our CR strategy is integrated throughout our organization and is focused on creating partnerships that improve the social, economic, and environmental well-being of all our stakeholders 
 3 

including our communities, employees, tenants, suppliers and vendors, and investors. Our strong commitment to ESG issues directly aligns with our core values and our vision to be the center of the communities we serve. 
 
 Our ESG Steering Committee, which is comprised of executive and senior leadership from a variety of functional areas, meets quarterly to set, implement, monitor, and communicate our CR strategy and related initiatives. Our board of directors, through our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee NCGC oversees our CR initiatives to ensure that our actions consistently demonstrate our strong commitment to operating in an environmentally and socially responsible manner. To facilitate their oversight, the NCGC and our board of directors are provided with quarterly updates on our initiatives by our senior leadership team. CR objectives are included as part of our executive officers' goals and the achievement of such goals impacts the individual performance portion of their compensation. 
 
 We provide best-in-class, comprehensive CR disclosures, prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative GRI Standards and in alignment with Sustainability Accounting Standards Board SASB and Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures TCFD reporting frameworks. We are a GRESB participant and a signatory to the Science Based Targets initiative SBTI ). 
 
 Environmental Responsibility: In 2021, our ESG Steering Committee formalized the Company s Climate Change Policy, which articulates our strategy for the assessment of and response to the risks posed by climate change and natural hazards to our properties, our tenants, and the communities we serve. As part of this policy, we set a goal to achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2045 for areas under our operational control. As a signatory of the SBTI, aligned with the 1.5 degree Celsius pathway, we are committed to an interim reduction of greenhouse gas emissions by 50 by 2030 for areas under our operational control. As of December 31, 2021, we have achieved a 38 reduction against this interim SBTI goal. 
 
 Human Capital: As of December 31, 2022, we had 502 employees, including 500 full-time employees. Our talented and committed employees are the foundation of our success. Together, we strive to promote a culture that is supportive, collaborative, and inclusive, and that provides opportunities for both personal and professional growth. We empower our employees to think and act like owners in order to create value for all stakeholders. This approach enables us to attract and retain diverse and talented professionals while fostering collaborative, skilled, and motivated teams. The pillars of our human capital strategy are: 
 
 Engagement : We believe that employees that are personally engaged in our vision to be the center of the communities we serve and are connected with similarly engaged colleagues will be more effective in their roles. We measure employee engagement through biennial employee surveys and utilize the results from such surveys to continually improve our organization, enhancing benefits and various other forms of support based on employee feedback. Our engagement and connectivity initiatives have contributed to our 99 employee satisfaction score and 100 participation in annual performance reviews and talent development discussions. 
 
 Growth and Development : We encourage our employees to grow and develop their interests, skills, and passions by providing learning opportunities along with professional and personal training. Our annual talent development process is intended to provide a well-rounded perspective on individual performance by recognizing employee strengths, identifying opportunities for growth, and developing actionable plans for professional development. We foster employee growth by providing: comprehensive training programs geared towards specific job functions; innovative development programs, such as two-year intensive apprenticeship programs for entry level employees in leasing, property management, and construction; Predictive Index Behavioral Assessments to enhance self-awareness and effective collaboration; education assistance through reimbursements for tuition and professional licensure; and Personal Development Accounts, which provide time off and expense reimbursement for a personal or professional development activity chosen by the employee. 
 
 Health and Well-being : Our commitment to the health and well-being of our employees is a crucial component of our culture. We provide a wide-range of employee benefits including comprehensive medical, prescription, dental and vision insurance coverage (the majority of which is paid for by the Company); paid maternity, paternity, and adoption leave; matching 401(k) contributions; life insurance, disability benefits, and spousal death benefits; and a variety of time off benefits. We also encourage healthy lifestyles through initiatives such as: an annual wellness spending account; free 
 4 

access to online applications such as Noom (for developing healthy eating and lifestyle habits) and Headspace (for mindfulness and meditation); weekly live meditation breaks; health-oriented employee competitions; and "Wellness Wednesdays," which include live demonstrations related to a variety of healthy lifestyle topics. We also provide free access to licensed counselors to support mental health and offer hybrid work schedules to maximize engagement, collaboration, and efficiency, while supporting a healthy work-life balance. 
 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion DEI ): We believe our performance is enhanced by an inclusive environment that reflects the diversity of the communities we serve. We advocate for DEI in every part of our organization and strive to create equal opportunities for all current and future employees. We believe a culture based on DEI is critical to our ability to attract and retain talented employees and to deliver on our strategic goals and objectives. Every year, each employee participates in culture and ethics training and signs a pledge to commit to helping create and maintain an inclusive culture free from harassment based on race, sexual orientation, gender, and other protected classes. Our DEI Leadership Council, comprised of diverse senior leaders from a variety of functional areas, reports directly to our CEO and assists in maintaining best practices and behaviors to enhance inclusion and promote equity and diversity. In addition, our employee-led Employee Resource Group helps further the DEI Leadership Council's key initiatives by bringing employees together to connect and learn. We also regularly feature DEI themes in employee trainings and community events, such as our Big Brain Days. 
 
 We strive to ensure diversity of job candidates through partnerships with DEI focused organizations such as ICSC Launch Academy and Sponsors For Educational Opportunity (SEO), which seek to provide summer internship opportunities for racially diverse undergraduate students. We also assess pay equity periodically as it relates to gender, race, and ethnicity based on a role/similar-role basis. On average, there is no pay gap with respect to gender or race/ethnicity across the Company. Additionally, in 2021, our CEO signed the CEO Action for Diversity Inclusion TM pledge, which is the largest CEO-driven business commitment to advance DEI in the workplace. In 2022, we became a founding donor to Nareit's Dividends Through Diversity, Equity, Inclusion Giving Campaign, which supports charitable and educational organizations and initiatives that will help create a more diverse, equitable, and inclusive REIT and publicly traded real estate industry. 
 
 For more information on our CR strategy, goals, performance, and achievements, please visit our CR page at https://www.brixmor.com/why-brixmor/corporate-responsibility. Information on our website is not incorporated by reference herin and is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 
 Tenants 
 Our national portfolio is thoughtfully merchandised with non-discretionary and value-oriented retailers, as well as consumer-oriented service providers, and is home to a broad mix of national and regional tenants and local entrepreneurs. As of December 31, 2022, we had over 5,000 diverse tenants in our portfolio, including many vibrant new retailers added over the past several years, and approximately 72 of our properties were anchored by a grocer. 
 
 See Item 2. Properties for further information on our 20 largest tenants. 
 
 Compliance with Government Regulations 
 We are subject to federal, state, and local regulations, including environmental regulations that apply generally to the ownership of, and the operations conducted on, real property. As of December 31, 2022, we are not aware of any environmental conditions or material costs of complying with environmental or other government regulations that would have a material adverse effect on our overall business, financial condition, or results of operations. However, it is possible that we are not aware of, or may become subject to, potential environmental liabilities or material costs of complying with government regulations that could be material. See Environmental conditions that exist at some of the properties in our Portfolio could result in significant unexpected costs and Compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act, environmental laws, and fire, safety and other regulations may require us to make expenditures that would adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows in Item 1A. Risk Factors for further information regarding our risks related to government regulations. 

5 

Financial Information about Industry Segments 
 Our principal business is the ownership and operation of open-air retail shopping centers. We do not distinguish our principal business or group our operations on a geographical basis for purposes of measuring performance. Accordingly, we have a single reportable segment for disclosure purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). 
 
 REIT Qualification 
 We have been organized and operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under U.S. federal income tax laws commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2011, have maintained such requirements through our taxable year ended December 31, 2022, and intend to satisfy such requirements for subsequent taxable years. As a REIT, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on net taxable income that we distribute annually to our stockholders. In order to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the real estate qualification of sources of our income, the composition and value of our assets, the amounts we distribute to our stockholders, and the diversity of ownership of our stock. In order to comply with REIT requirements, we may need to forgo otherwise attractive opportunities or limit the manner in which we conduct our operations. See Risks Related to our REIT Status and Certain Other Tax Items in Item 1A. Risk Factors for further information. 
 
 Executive Officers 
 As of December 31, 2022, each of our executive officers has been employed by us for more than five years and included the following: 
 
 Name Position Year Joined (1) 
 Age James Taylor President, Chief Executive Officer 2016 56 Angela Aman Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 2016 43 Brian T. Finnegan Executive Vice President, Chief Revenue Officer 2004 42 Mark T. Horgan Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer 2016 47 Steven F. Siegel Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 1991 62 Carolyn Carter Singh (2) 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Talent Officer 2001 60 
 (1) Includes predecessors of Brixmor Property Group Inc. 
 (2) Effective January 4, 2023, Shea Taylor, age 50, replaced Carolyn Carter Singh, upon her retirement, as Executive Vice President, Chief Talent Officer 
 
 Corporate Headquarters 
 Brixmor Property Group Inc., a Maryland corporation, was incorporated in 2011. The Operating Partnership, a Delaware limited partnership, was formed in 2011. Our principal executive offices are located at 450 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York 10017, and our telephone number is (212) 869-3000. 
 
 Our website address is https://www.brixmor.com. Information on our website is not incorporated by reference herein and is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We make available free of charge on our website our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as soon as reasonably practicable after those reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. We also make available through our website other reports filed with or furnished to the SEC under the Exchange Act, including our proxy statements and reports filed by officers and directors under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. You may access these filings by visiting SEC Filings under the Financial Info section of the Investors portion of our website. In addition, the SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information for issuers, such as us, that file electronically with the SEC at https://www.sec.gov. 
 
 Financial and other material information regarding our company is routinely posted on and accessible at the Investors portion of our website at https://www.brixmor.com. Investors and others should note that we use our website as a channel of distribution of material information to our investors. Therefore, we encourage investors and others interested in our company to review the information we post on the Investors portion of our website. In 
 6 

addition, you may enroll to automatically receive e-mail alerts and other information about our company by visiting Email Alerts under the Additional Info section of the Investors portion of our website. 
 
 Dividend Reinvestment Direct Stock Purchase Plan 
 Our registrar and stock transfer agent is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. We offer a Dividend Reinvestment and Direct Stock Purchase Plan, providing shareholders and new investors with a simple and convenient method of investing in additional shares of common stock without payment of transaction or processing fees, service charges, or other expenses. Plan inquiries may be directed to (877) 373-6374, or (781) 575-2879 if located outside the U.S. and Canada. 
 7 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Risks Related to Our Portfolio and Our Business 
 Adverse economic, market, and real estate conditions may adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. 
 Our Portfolio is predominantly comprised of community and neighborhood shopping centers. Our performance is, therefore, subject to risks associated with owning and operating these types of real estate assets. See Forward-Looking Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the factors that could affect our rental income and/or property operating expenses and therefore adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. 
 
 Recent significant increases in inflation and interest rates could adversely affect us and our tenants. 
 Inflation has significantly increased over the last two years and may continue to be elevated or increase further. The efforts of the Federal Reserve to combat inflation have led to significant increases in interest rates. These increases have resulted in higher operating and incremental borrowing costs for us and our tenants. Although the terms of our leases, the duration of our indebtedness, and our relatively low exposure to floating rate debt have mitigated the direct impact of inflation and interest rate increases, the degree and pace of these changes have had and may continue to have impacts on our business, including as a result of a potential economic recession, which may lead to higher levels of unemployment and decreases in consumer confidence and/or discretionary spending. 
 
 Public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. 
 A future public health crisis, such as the one experienced during the COVID-19 pandemic, could have repercussions across domestic and global economies and financial markets. Government responses to such crises, including quarantines, may force our tenants to temporarily close stores, reduce hours, or significantly limit service which may result in significant economic contractions and a dramatic increase in national unemployment. The direct and indirect impacts of these crises could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. 
 
 We may be required to make rent or other concessions and/or incur significant capital expenditures to retain existing tenants or attract new tenants. 
 There are numerous shopping venues, including regional malls, outlet malls, other shopping centers, and e-commerce, which compete with our Portfolio in attracting and retaining retailers. As of December 31, 2022, leases are scheduled to expire in our Portfolio on a total of approximately 8.6 of leased GLA during 2023. We may not be able to renew or promptly re-lease expiring space and even if we do renew or re-lease such space, future rental rates may be lower than current rates and other terms may not be as favorable. In addition, we may be required to incur significant capital expenditures in order to retain existing tenants or attract new tenants. In these situations, our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows could be adversely impacted. 
 
 Our active value-enhancing reinvestment program subjects us to risks that could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. 
 In order to maintain the attractiveness of our Portfolio to retailers and consumers, we actively reinvest in our assets in the form of repositioning and redevelopments projects. In addition to the risks associated with real estate investments in general, as described elsewhere, the risks associated with repositioning and redevelopment projects include: (1) delays or failures in obtaining necessary zoning, occupancy, land use, and other governmental permits; (2) abandonment of projects after expending resources to pursue such opportunities; (3) cost overruns; (4) construction delays; and (5) failure to achieve expected occupancy and/or rent levels within the projected time frame, if at all. If we fail to reinvest in our Portfolio or maintain its attractiveness to retailers and consumers, if our capital improvements are not successful, or if retailers and consumers perceive that shopping at other venues (including e-commerce) is more convenient, cost-effective, or otherwise more compelling, our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows could be adversely impacted. 
 
 Significant retailer distress across our Portfolio could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. 
 Our income is substantially comprised of rental income from tenants in our Portfolio. Our income would be adversely affected if a significant number of our tenants failed to make rental payments when due as a result of either operating challenges or disruptions in credit markets that adversely affect the ability of our tenants to obtain 
 8 

financing on favorable terms or at all. If our tenants are unable to meet their rental obligations, renew leases, or enter into new leases with us, our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows could be adversely impacted. 
 
 In certain circumstances, a tenant may have a right to terminate their lease. For example, a failure by an anchor tenant to occupy their leased premises could potentially trigger lease termination rights or reductions in rent due from certain other tenants in that shopping center. In the event of such lease terminations, we cannot be certain that we will be able to re-lease space on similar or economically advantageous terms. The loss of rental income from a significant number of tenants and difficulty in replacing such tenants could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. 
 
 We may be unable to collect outstanding balances and/or future contractual rents due from tenants that file for bankruptcy protection. 
 When a tenant files for bankruptcy protection, we may not be able to collect amounts owed to us by that party prior to the bankruptcy filing. In addition, after filing for bankruptcy protection, a tenant may terminate any or all of its leases with us, which would result in a general unsecured claim against such tenant that would likely be worth less than the full amount owed to us over the remainder of the lease term. In these situations, we cannot be certain that we will be able to re-lease such space on similar or economically advantageous terms, which could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. 
 
 Our expenses may remain constant or increase, even if income from our Portfolio decreases. 
 Costs associated with our business, such as common area expenses, utilities, insurance, real estate taxes, and corporate expenses, are relatively inflexible and generally do not decrease due to vacancy, decreasing rental rates, rent collection issues, or other circumstances that may cause our revenues to decrease. In addition, inflation has and could continue to result in higher operating costs. If we are unable to lower our operating costs when revenues decline and/or are unable to fully pass along cost increases to our tenants, our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows could be adversely impacted. 
 
 Our real estate investments are relatively illiquid and we may not be able to dispose of assets in a timely manner, on favorable terms, or at all. 
 Our ability to dispose of properties on advantageous terms depends on factors beyond our control, including competition from other sellers and the availability of attractive financing for potential buyers, and we cannot predict the various market conditions affecting real estate investments that will exist at any particular time in the future. We may be required to expend funds to correct defects or to make capital improvements before a property can be sold and we cannot be certain that we will have the funds available to make such capital improvements; therefore, we may be unable to sell a property on favorable terms or at all. In addition, the ability to sell assets in our Portfolio may also be restricted by certain covenants in our debt agreements, such as the credit agreement governing our Unsecured Credit Facility. As a result, we may be unable to realize our investment objectives through dispositions, which could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. 
 
 Our real estate assets may be subject to impairment charges. 
 We periodically assess whether there are any indicators, including property operating performance, changes in anticipated hold period, and general market conditions, that the carrying value of our real estate assets (including any related intangible assets or liabilities) may be impaired. A property s value is considered to be impaired only if the estimated aggregate future undiscounted and unleveraged property operating cash flows, taking into account the anticipated probability-weighted hold period, are less than the carrying value of the property. Impairment charges have an immediate direct impact on our earnings. We have taken impairment charges on certain of our assets in the past and there can be no assurance that we will not take additional charges in the future. Any future impairment could have an adverse effect on our operating results in the period in which the charge is recognized. 
 
 We face competition in pursuing acquisition opportunities, which could increase the cost of such acquisitions and/or limit our ability to grow. To the extent that we are able to complete acquisitions, we may not be able to generate expected returns or successfully integrate such acquisitions into our existing operations. 
 We continue to evaluate the market for potential acquisitions and we may acquire properties when we believe strategic opportunities exist. Our ability to acquire properties on favorable terms and successfully integrate, operate, reposition, or redevelop such properties is subject to several risks. We may be unable to acquire desired properties 
 9 

because of competition from other real estate investors, including from other well-capitalized REITs and institutional investment funds. Even if we are able to acquire desired properties, competition from such investors may significantly increase the price we must pay. In certain circumstances, we may abandon acquisition activities after expending significant resources to pursue such opportunities. Once we acquire new properties, these properties may not yield expected returns for several reasons, including: (1) failure to achieve expected occupancy and/or rent levels within the projected time frame, if at all; (2) inability to successfully integrate new properties into existing operations; and (3) fluctuations in the general economy, including due to the time lag between signing definitive documentation to acquire a new property and the closing of the acquisition. If any of these events occur, our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows could be adversely impacted. 
 
 We utilize a significant amount of indebtedness in the operation of our business. Required debt service payments and other risks related to our debt financing could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 5.0 billion aggregate principal amount of indebtedness outstanding. Our indebtedness could have important consequences to us. For example, it could (1) require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow to principal and interest payments, reducing the cash flow available to fund our business, pay dividends, including those necessary to maintain our REIT qualification, or use for other purposes; (2) increase our vulnerability to an economic downturn or various competitive pressures, as debt payments are not reduced if the economic performance of any property, or the Portfolio as a whole, deteriorates; and (3) limit our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions. In addition, non-compliance with the terms of our debt agreements could result in the acceleration of a significant amount of indebtedness and could materially impair our ability to borrow unused amounts under existing financing arrangements or to obtain additional financing on favorable terms or at all. Any of these outcomes could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. 
 
 Our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, and an increase in our debt service obligations may adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. 
 During 2022, interest rates increased significantly and may further increase in the future. As of December 31, 2022, 300.0 million of borrowings under our Term Loan Facility and 125.0 million of borrowings under our Revolving Facility bear interest at variable rates. In addition, we had 1.1 billion of available liquidity under our Revolving Facility and a 200.0 million delayed draw available under the Term Loan Facility, both of which would bear interest at variable rates upon borrowing. When interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness increase even though the amount borrowed remains the same, and our net income and cash flows correspondingly decrease. In order to partially mitigate our exposure to interest rate risk, we have entered into interest rate swap agreements on 300.0 million of our variable rate debt, which involve the exchange of variable for fixed rate interest payments. Taking into account our current interest rate swap agreements, a 100 basis point increase in interest rates would result in a 1.3 million increase in annual interest expense. 
 
 We may be unable to obtain additional capital through the debt and equity markets on favorable terms or at all. 
 As a REIT, we must annually distribute at least 90 of our REIT taxable income to our stockholders. As a result, we depend on internally generated free cash flow, proceeds from asset sales, and capital raises in the debt and equity markets to fund our business. Our access to external capital depends upon several factors, including general market conditions, our current and potential future earnings, the market s perception of our growth potential, our liquidity and leverage ratios, and our cash distributions. Additionally, interest rates have increased significantly during 2022 and may increase in the future. Increased interest rates negatively affect our ability to efficiently refinance our outstanding debt. Consequently, we cannot provide assurance that we will be able to access the debt and equity capital markets on favorable terms or at all. Our inability to obtain debt or equity capital could result in the disruption of our ability to: (1) operate, maintain or reinvest in our Portfolio; (2) repay or refinance our indebtedness on or before maturity; (3) acquire new properties; or (4) dispose of some of our assets on favorable terms due to an immediate need for capital. As a result, our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows be adversely impacted. 
 
 Adverse changes in our credit rating could affect our borrowing ability and the terms of existing or new financing. 
 Our creditworthiness is rated by nationally recognized credit rating agencies. The credit ratings assigned are based on our operating performance, liquidity and leverage ratios, financial condition and prospects, and other factors 
 10 

viewed by the credit rating agencies as relevant to our industry. Our credit rating can affect our ability to access debt capital, as well as the terms of certain existing and potential future debt financings. Since we depend on debt financing to fund our business, an adverse change in our credit rating, including changes in our credit outlook, or even the initiation of a review of our credit rating that could result in an adverse change, could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. 
 
 Covenants in our debt agreements could, under certain circumstances, result in an acceleration of our indebtedness. 
 Our debt agreements contain various financial and operating covenants, including, among other things, certain coverage ratios and limitations on our ability to incur secured and unsecured debt. A breach of any of these covenants, if not cured within any applicable cure period, could result in a default and acceleration of certain of our indebtedness. If any of our indebtedness is accelerated prior to maturity, we may not be able to repay or refinance such indebtedness on favorable terms, or at all, which could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. 
 
 An uninsured property loss or a loss that exceeds the limits of our insurance policies could result in a loss of our investment or revenue associated with those properties. 
 We carry comprehensive liability, fire, extended coverage, business interruption, and acts of terrorism insurance with policy specifications and insured limits customarily carried for similar properties. There are, however, certain types of losses, such as from hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, earthquakes, terrorism, or wars, where coverages are limited or deductibles may be higher. In addition, tenants generally are required to indemnify and hold us harmless from liabilities resulting from injury to persons or damage to personal or real property on the premises due to activities conducted by tenants or their agents on the properties (including without limitation any environmental contamination), and to obtain liability and property damage insurance policies at the tenant s expense, kept in full force during the term of the lease. However, tenants may not properly maintain their insurance policies or have the ability to pay the deductibles associated with such policies. Should a loss occur that is uninsured or in an amount exceeding the combined aggregate limits for the policies noted above, or in the event of an insured loss that is subject to a substantial deductible, we could lose all or part of the capital invested in, and anticipated revenue from, one or more properties, which could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. 
 
 Environmental conditions that exist at some of the properties in our Portfolio could result in significant unexpected costs. 
 We are subject to federal, state, and local environmental regulations that apply generally to the ownership of, and the operations conducted on, real property. Under various federal, state, and local laws, ordinances, and regulations, we may be or become liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances released on or in our properties or disposed of by us or our tenants, as well as certain other potential costs that could relate to hazardous or toxic substances (including governmental fines and injuries to persons and property). Such liability may be imposed whether or not we knew of, or were responsible for, the presence of these hazardous or toxic substances. As is the case with many community and neighborhood shopping centers, many of our properties had or have on-site dry cleaners and/or on-site gas stations, the prior or current use of which could potentially increase our environmental liability exposure. The costs of investigation and removal or remediation of such substances may be substantial, and the presence of such substances, or the failure to properly remediate such substances, may adversely affect our ability to lease such property, to borrow funds using such property as collateral, or to dispose of such property. 
 
 In addition, certain of our properties may contain asbestos-containing building materials ACBM ). Environmental laws require that ACBM be properly managed and maintained, and may impose fines and penalties on building owners or operators for failure to comply with these requirements. The laws also may allow third parties to seek recovery from owners or operators for personal injury associated with exposure to asbestos fibers. 
 
 Finally, we can provide no assurance that we are aware of all potential environmental liabilities or that the environmental studies performed by us have identified or will identify all material environmental conditions that may exist with respect to any of the properties in our Portfolio; that any previous owner, occupant, or tenant did not create any material environmental condition unknown to us; that our properties will not be affected by tenants or nearby properties or other unrelated third parties; or that changes in environmental laws and regulations will not result in additional environmental liabilities to us. 
 
 11 

Further information relating to recognition of remediation obligations in accordance with GAAP is discussed under the heading Environmental matters in Note 15 Commitments and Contingencies to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this report. 
 
 Compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act, fire, safety, environmental, and other regulations may require us to make expenditures that could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. 
 All of the properties in our Portfolio are required to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act ADA ). The ADA has separate compliance requirements for public accommodations and commercial facilities, but generally requires that buildings be made accessible to people with disabilities. Compliance with the ADA requirements may necessitate the removal of access barriers and non-compliance could result in the imposition of fines by the U.S. government, awards of damages to private litigants, or both. We are continually assessing our Portfolio to determine our compliance with the current requirements of the ADA. We are required to comply with the ADA within the common areas of our Portfolio and we may not be able to pass on to our tenants the costs necessary to remediate any common area ADA issues, which could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. In addition, we are required to operate the properties in compliance with fire, safety, and environmental regulations, building codes, and other regulations, as they may be adopted by governmental bodies and become applicable to our Portfolio. As a result, we may be required to make substantial capital expenditures to comply with, and we may be restricted in our ability to renovate or redevelop properties subject to, those requirements. Further, compliance with new or more stringent laws or regulations or stricter interpretations of existing laws may require us to make additional capital expenditures. For example, various federal, state, and local laws and regulations have been implemented or are under consideration to mitigate the effects of climate change caused by greenhouse gas emissions. Among other things, green building codes may seek to reduce emissions through the imposition of standards for design, construction materials, water and energy usage and efficiency, and waste management. These requirements could increase the costs of maintaining or improving the properties in our Portfolio and could also result in increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions that could adversely impact the businesses of our tenants and their ability to pay rent, which could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. 
 
 We and our tenants face risks relating to cybersecurity attacks that could cause the loss of confidential information or other business disruptions. 
 We rely extensively on computer systems to operate and manage our business and process transactions, and as a result, our business is at risk from, and may be impacted by, cybersecurity attacks. These attacks could include attempts to gain unauthorized access to our data and/or computer systems. Attacks may be undertaken by individuals or may be highly organized attempts by very sophisticated organizations. We employ a variety of measures to prevent, detect, and mitigate these threats, which include password protection, frequent mandatory password change events, multi-factor authentication, mandatory employee trainings, firewall detection systems, frequent backups, a redundant data system for core applications, and annual penetration testing; however, there is no guarantee that such efforts will be successful in preventing or mitigating a cybersecurity attack. A cybersecurity attack, such as a ransomware attack, could compromise the confidential information, including the personally identifiable information, of our employees, tenants, and vendors, disrupt the proper functioning of our networks, result in misstated financial reports or covenants under various financing agreements, and/or missed reporting deadlines, prevent us from properly monitoring our REIT qualification, result in our inability to maintain the building systems relied upon by our tenants for the efficient use of their leased space, or require significant management attention and resources to remedy any damages that result. A successful attack could also damage our reputation and result in significant remediation costs and potential litigation. Similarly, our tenants rely extensively on computer systems to process transactions and manage their businesses and thus are also at risk from, and may be impacted by, cybersecurity attacks. A cybersecurity attack experienced by us or one of our tenants that results in an interruption in business operations and/or a deterioration in reputation could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. As of December 31, 2022, we have not had any material incidences involving cybersecurity attacks. 

12 

The direct and indirect impact on us and our tenants from severe weather, flooding, and other effects of climate change, and the economic and reputational impacts of the transition to non-carbon based energy, could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. 
 Our properties have been and may in the future be adversely impacted by flooding, wildfires, high winds and other effects of severe weather conditions that may be caused or exacerbated by climate change. These events can result in property closures, property damage, and delays in value-enhancing reinvestment stabilizations, and may adversely impact the operations of our tenants. Even if these events do not directly impact our properties, they have impacted and may continue to impact us and our tenants through increases in insurance, energy or other costs. In addition, the ongoing transition to non-carbon based energy presents certain risks for us and our tenants, including risks related to high energy costs and energy shortages, among other things. Changes in laws or regulations, including federal, state, or local laws, relating to climate change could result in increased capital expenditures to improve the energy efficiency of our properties. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Organization and Structure 
 BPG s board of directors may change significant corporate policies without stockholder approval. 
 BPG s investment, financing, and dividend policies and our policies with respect to all other business activities, including strategy and operations, will be determined by BPG s board of directors. These policies may be amended or revised at any time and from time to time at the discretion of BPG s board of directors without a vote of our stockholders. BPG s charter also provides that BPG s board of directors may revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election without the approval of BPG s stockholders if it determines that it is no longer in BPG s best interests to continue to qualify as a REIT. In addition, BPG s board of directors may change BPG s policies with respect to conflicts of interest, provided that such changes are consistent with applicable legal requirements. A change in any of these policies could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. 
 
 BPG s board of directors may approve the issuance of stock, including preferred stock, with terms that may discourage a third party from acquiring us. 
 BPG s charter permits its board of directors to authorize the issuance of stock in one or more classes or series. Our board of directors may also classify or reclassify any unissued stock and establish the preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications, and terms and conditions of redemption of any such stock, which rights may be superior to those of our common stock. Thus, BPG s board of directors could authorize the issuance of shares of a class or series of stock with terms and conditions that could have the effect of discouraging an unsolicited acquisition of us or a change of our control in which holders of some or a majority of BPG s outstanding common stock may receive a premium for their shares over the then-current market price of our common stock. 
 
 The rights of BPG and BPG's stockholders to take action against BPG s directors and officers are limited. 
 BPG s charter eliminates the liability of BPG s directors and officers to us and BPG s stockholders for money damages to the maximum extent permitted under Maryland law. Under Maryland law and BPG s charter, BPG s directors and officers do not have any liability to BPG or BPG s stockholders for money damages other than liability resulting from: 
 
 the actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property, or services; or 
 active and deliberate dishonesty by the director or officer that was established by a final judgment and is material to the cause of action adjudicated. 
 
 BPG s charter authorizes, and BPG s bylaws require, BPG to indemnify each of BPG s directors and officers who is made a party to or witness in a proceeding by reason of his or her service in those capacities (or in a similar capacity at another entity at the request of BPG), to the maximum extent permitted under Maryland law, from and against any claim or liability to which such person may become subject by reason of his or her status as a present or former director or officer of BPG. In addition, BPG may be obligated to pay or reimburse the expenses incurred by BPG s present and former directors and officers without requiring a preliminary determination of their ultimate entitlement to indemnification. As a result, BPG and BPG s stockholders may have more limited rights to recover money damages from BPG s directors and officers than might otherwise exist absent these provisions in BPG s charter and bylaws or that might exist with other companies, which could limit the recourse of stockholders. 

13 

BPG s charter contains a provision that expressly permits BPG s non-employee directors to compete with us. 
 BPG s charter provides that, to the maximum extent permitted under Maryland law, BPG renounces any interest or expectancy that BPG has in, or any right to be offered an opportunity to participate in, any business opportunities that are from time to time presented to or developed by BPG s directors or their affiliates, other than to those directors who are employed by BPG or BPG s subsidiaries, unless the business opportunity is expressly offered or made known to such person in his or her capacity as a director. Non-employee directors or any of their affiliates will not have any duty to communicate or offer such transaction or business opportunity to us or to refrain from engaging, directly or indirectly, in the same or similar business activities or lines of business in which we or our affiliates engage or propose to engage. These provisions may deprive us of opportunities which we may have otherwise wanted to pursue. 
 
 BPG s charter provides that, to the maximum extent permitted under Maryland law, each of BPG s non-employee directors, and any of their affiliates, may: 
 
 acquire, hold, and dispose of shares of BPG s stock or OP Units for his or her own account or for the account of others, and exercise all of the rights of a stockholder of Brixmor Property Group Inc. or a limited partner of our Operating Partnership, to the same extent and in the same manner as if he, she, or they were not BPG s director or stockholder; and 
 in his, her, or their personal capacity or in his, her, or their capacity as a director, officer, trustee, stockholder, partner, member, equity owner, manager, advisor, or employee of any other person, have business interests and engage, directly or indirectly, in business activities that are similar to ours or compete with us, that involve a business opportunity that we could seize and develop or that include the acquisition, syndication, holding, management, development, operation, or disposition of interests in mortgages, real property, or persons engaged in the real estate business. 
 
 Risks Related to our REIT Status and Certain Other Tax Items 
 If BPG does not maintain its qualification as a REIT, it will be subject to tax as a regular corporation and could face a substantial tax liability. 
 BPG intends to continue to operate so as to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). However, qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Code provisions for which only a limited number of judicial or administrative interpretations exist. Notwithstanding the availability of cure provisions in the Code, BPG could fail to meet various compliance requirements, which could jeopardize its REIT status. Furthermore, new tax legislation, administrative guidance, or court decisions, in each instance potentially with retroactive effect, could make it more difficult or impossible for BPG to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 If BPG fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year and BPG is not entitled to relief under applicable statutory provisions: 
 
 BPG would be taxed as a non-REIT C corporation, which under current laws, among other things, means being unable to deduct dividends paid to stockholders in computing taxable income and being subject to U.S. federal income tax on its taxable income at regular corporate income tax rates, which would reduce BPG s cash flows and funds available for distribution to stockholders; and 
 BPG would be disqualified from taxation as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year in which it failed to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 The Internal Revenue Service IRS ), the U.S. Treasury Department, and Congress frequently review U.S. federal income tax legislation, regulations, and other guidance. BPG cannot predict whether, when, or to what extent new U.S. federal tax laws, regulations, interpretations, or rulings will be adopted. Any legislative action may prospectively or retroactively modify BPG s tax treatment and, therefore, may adversely affect taxation of BPG or BPG s stockholders. Stockholders should consult with their tax advisors with respect to the status of legislative, regulatory, or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in BPG s stock. 
 Complying with REIT requirements may force BPG to liquidate or restructure investments or forgo otherwise attractive investment opportunities, and/or may discourage BPG from disposing of certain assets. 
 In order to qualify as a REIT, BPG must satisfy various requirements relating to the types of assets it holds and the nature of its income. In order to satisfy these technical requirements, BPG may be required to liquidate from its 
 14 

portfolio, or contribute to a taxable REIT subsidiary, otherwise attractive investments in order to maintain its qualification as a REIT. These actions could reduce BPG s income and amounts available for distribution to its stockholders. 
 
 In addition, the REIT provisions of the Code impose a 100 tax on income from prohibited transactions. Prohibited transactions generally include sales of assets, other than foreclosure property, that constitute inventory or other property held for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. Although BPG does not intend to hold any properties that would be characterized as held for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business, unless a sale or disposition qualifies under certain statutory safe harbors, such characterization is a factual determination and no guarantee can be given that the IRS would agree with BPG s characterization of its properties or that BPG will be able to make use of the otherwise available safe harbors. The resulting 100 tax could affect BPG s decisions to sell certain properties if it believes such sales could be treated as prohibited transactions. However, BPG would not be subject to this tax if it were to sell such assets through a taxable REIT subsidiary, instead incurring tax on the asset sale at regular corporate tax rates. 
 
 BPG s charter does not permit any person to own more than 9.8 of BPG s outstanding common stock or of BPG s outstanding stock of all classes or series, and attempts to acquire BPG s common stock or BPG s stock of all classes or series in excess of these limits would not be effective without an exemption from these limits by BPG s board of directors. 
 For BPG to qualify as a REIT under the Code, not more than 50 of the value of BPG s outstanding stock may be owned directly or indirectly by five or fewer individuals (including certain entities treated as individuals for this purpose) during the last half of a taxable year. For the purpose of assisting BPG s qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, among other purposes, BPG s charter prohibits beneficial or constructive ownership by any individual of more than a certain percentage, currently 9.8 , in value or by number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of BPG s common stock or 9.8 in value of the outstanding shares of BPG s capital stock, which BPG refers to as the ownership limit. The constructive ownership rules under the Code and BPG s charter are complex and may cause shares of the outstanding common stock owned by a group of related individuals to be deemed to be constructively owned by one individual. As a result, the acquisition of less than 9.8 of BPG s outstanding common stock or BPG s capital stock by an individual could cause the individual to own constructively in excess of 9.8 of BPG s outstanding common stock or BPG s capital stock, respectively, and thus violate the ownership limit. Any attempt to own or transfer shares of BPG s stock in excess of the ownership limit without an exemption from BPG s board of directors will result either in the shares in excess of the limit being transferred by operation of the charter to a charitable trust or the original transfer being void, and the individual who attempted to acquire such excess shares will not have any rights in such excess shares. In addition, there can be no assurance that BPG s board of directors, as permitted in the charter, will not decrease this ownership limit in the future. 
 
 The ownership limit may have the effect of precluding a change in control of BPG by a third party, even if such change in control would be in the best interests of BPG s stockholders or would result in BPG s stockholders receiving a premium for their shares over the then-current market price of BPG s common stock, and even if such change in control would not reasonably jeopardize BPG s REIT status. 
 
 BPG may choose to make distributions in BPG s own stock, in which case stockholders may be required to pay income taxes without receiving any cash dividends. 
 In connection with BPG s qualification as a REIT, BPG is required to annually distribute to its stockholders at least 90 of its REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains. Although it does not currently intend to do so, in order to satisfy this requirement, BPG is permitted, subject to certain conditions and limitations, to make distributions that are in whole or in part payable in shares of BPG s stock. Taxable stockholders receiving such distributions will be required to include a portion, if not all, of such distributions as ordinary dividend income. As a result, stockholders may be required to pay income taxes with respect to such distributions in excess of the cash portion of the distribution received and may be required to sell shares received in such distribution or may be required to sell other stock or assets owned by them, at a time that may be disadvantageous, in order to satisfy any tax imposed on such distribution. In addition, if a significant number of BPG s stockholders elect to sell shares of BPG s stock in order to pay taxes owed on dividend income, such sales may put downward pressure on the market price of BPG s stock. 

15 

Item 1B . Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 16 

Item 2 . Properties 
 As of December 31, 2022, our Portfolio was comprised of 373 shopping centers totaling approximately 66 million square feet of GLA. Our high-quality national Portfolio is primarily located within established trade areas in the top 50 CBSAs in the U.S., and our shopping centers are primarily anchored by non-discretionary and value-oriented retailers, as well as consumer-oriented service providers. As of December 31, 2022, our three largest tenants by ABR were The TJX Companies, Inc., The Kroger Co., and Burlington Stores, Inc. 
 
 The following table summarizes our top 20 tenants by ABR, as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands, except for PSF amounts): 
 Retailer Owned Leases Leased GLA Percent of GLA ABR ABR PSF (1) 
 Percent of ABR The TJX Companies, Inc. 87 2,595,054 3.9 31,808 12.26 3.4 The Kroger Co. 44 2,993,862 4.5 22,648 7.56 2.4 Burlington Stores, Inc. 36 1,567,993 2.4 17,989 11.47 1.9 Dollar Tree Stores, Inc. 121 1,405,068 2.1 15,945 11.35 1.7 Publix Super Markets, Inc. 31 1,431,891 2.2 14,552 10.16 1.5 Ross Stores, Inc 39 1,017,273 1.5 12,850 12.63 1.4 L.A Fitness International, LLC 14 566,362 0.9 10,994 19.41 1.2 Ahold Delhaize 18 981,884 1.5 10,676 10.87 1.1 Amazon.com, Inc. / Whole Foods Market Services, Inc. 15 567,970 0.9 9,930 17.48 1.1 Albertson's Companies, Inc 14 750,202 1.1 9,638 12.85 1.0 PetSmart, Inc. 27 594,706 0.9 9,483 15.95 1.0 Kohl's Corporation 14 1,095,329 1.7 8,896 8.12 0.9 Five Below, Inc. 49 445,679 0.7 8,666 19.44 0.9 Ulta Beauty, Inc. 32 356,831 0.5 8,346 23.39 0.9 PETCO Animal Supplies, Inc. 34 463,715 0.7 8,080 17.42 0.9 Big Lots, Inc. 32 1,035,469 1.6 7,845 7.58 0.8 Party City Holdco Inc. 28 410,595 0.6 6,293 15.33 0.7 The Michaels Companies, Inc. 21 472,884 0.7 6,169 13.05 0.7 Staples, Inc. 21 442,469 0.7 5,373 12.14 0.6 Bed Bath Beyond, Inc. 19 479,461 0.7 5,324 11.10 0.6 TOP 20 RETAILERS 696 19,674,697 29.8 231,505 11.77 24.7 
 (1) ABR PSF is calculated as ABR divided by leased GLA, excluding the GLA of lessee-owned leasehold improvements. 

17 

The following table summarizes the geographic diversity of our Portfolio by state, ranked by ABR, as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands, expect for PSF amounts): 
 State Number of Properties GLA Percent Billed Percent Leased ABR ABR PSF (1) 
 Percent of Number of Properties Percent of GLA Percent of ABR 1 Florida 49 8,404,624 92.6 95.7 128,520 16.31 13.0 12.8 13.5 2 California 28 5,248,351 92.2 96.1 107,776 22.88 7.5 8.0 11.4 3 Texas 48 7,288,897 89.9 92.3 106,127 16.25 12.9 11.0 11.2 4 New York 27 3,463,005 92.9 95.9 68,652 21.09 7.2 5.2 7.3 5 Pennsylvania 25 4,555,884 90.8 95.5 67,212 18.92 6.7 6.9 7.1 6 Illinois 17 4,322,356 84.6 86.8 53,124 14.70 4.6 6.5 5.6 7 New Jersey 16 2,821,968 87.9 96.9 46,153 17.91 4.3 4.3 4.9 8 Georgia 27 3,786,901 89.1 94.7 45,585 13.09 7.2 5.7 4.8 9 North Carolina 15 3,317,924 93.3 96.7 40,689 13.34 4.0 5.0 4.3 10 Michigan 15 2,803,004 90.0 92.5 35,033 14.14 4.0 4.2 3.7 11 Ohio 13 2,872,779 87.9 92.1 34,781 15.36 3.5 4.4 3.7 12 Connecticut 10 1,673,845 83.9 89.6 23,628 15.84 2.7 2.5 2.5 13 Tennessee 7 1,791,013 96.8 97.0 22,991 13.56 1.9 2.7 2.4 14 Colorado 7 1,593,917 93.0 95.8 22,524 15.67 1.9 2.4 2.4 15 Massachusetts 10 1,507,803 91.4 95.8 19,818 15.46 2.7 2.3 2.1 16 Kentucky 7 1,683,212 92.7 95.2 18,808 13.01 1.9 2.6 2.0 17 South Carolina 8 1,441,400 83.5 89.1 17,961 14.28 2.1 2.2 1.9 18 Minnesota 9 1,269,831 88.5 88.8 16,236 15.71 2.4 1.9 1.7 19 Indiana 5 1,212,380 93.4 96.2 14,186 12.27 1.3 1.8 1.5 20 Virginia 6 826,116 91.1 93.7 10,565 14.81 1.6 1.3 1.1 21 New Hampshire 5 670,250 88.6 95.3 9,034 14.75 1.3 1.0 1.0 22 Wisconsin 4 566,588 86.3 92.0 6,287 12.07 1.1 0.9 0.7 23 Maryland 2 371,904 98.4 99.2 6,252 17.31 0.5 0.6 0.7 24 Missouri 4 495,523 90.1 91.7 4,613 10.22 1.1 0.8 0.5 25 Alabama 1 410,401 82.9 85.8 4,369 12.70 0.3 0.6 0.5 26 Kansas 2 376,599 95.5 96.0 3,667 13.05 0.5 0.6 0.4 27 Oklahoma 1 193,276 100.0 100.0 2,081 10.77 0.3 0.3 0.2 28 Vermont 1 223,314 90.0 90.0 1,934 9.63 0.3 0.3 0.2 29 Maine 1 287,533 95.5 95.5 1,875 17.65 0.3 0.4 0.2 30 Arizona 1 165,350 67.1 79.3 1,825 13.92 0.3 0.3 0.2 31 Iowa 1 269,705 70.3 73.9 1,657 8.32 0.3 0.4 0.2 32 West Virginia 1 75,344 8.4 44.8 527 15.61 0.3 0.1 0.1 TOTAL 373 65,990,997 90.2 93.8 944,490 16.19 100.0 100.0 100.0 
 (1) ABR PSF is calculated as ABR divided by leased GLA, excluding the GLA of lessee-owned leasehold improvements. 
 
 The following table summarizes certain information for our Portfolio by unit size, as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands, expect for PSF amounts): 
 Number of Units GLA Percent of GLA Percent Billed Percent Leased ABR ABR PSF (1) 
 Percent of ABR 35,000 SF 420 23,857,818 36.1 94.8 96.0 223,991 11.05 23.7 20,000 34,999 SF 
 493 12,852,347 19.5 91.9 96.7 145,043 11.78 15.4 10,000 19,999 SF 
 617 8,419,454 12.8 89.5 94.4 118,199 15.23 12.5 5,000 9,999 SF 
 1,110 7,657,600 11.6 85.2 91.2 134,374 19.97 14.2 

 The following table summarizes lease expirations for leases in place within our Portfolio for each of the next 10 calendar years and thereafter, assuming no exercise of renewal options and including the GLA of lessee-owned leasehold improvements, as of December 31, 2022: 
 Number of Leases Leased GLA of Leased GLA of In-Place ABR In-Place ABR PSF ABR PSF at Expiration M-M 286 795,878 1.3 1.3 15.46 15.46 2023 1,040 5,349,850 8.6 8.0 14.17 14.17 2024 1,156 8,095,888 13.1 12.3 14.35 14.46 2025 1,046 7,789,912 12.6 12.1 14.70 14.90 2026 917 7,202,285 11.6 11.6 15.26 15.66 2027 999 8,364,079 13.5 13.5 15.27 15.86 2028 614 5,297,992 8.6 8.7 15.44 16.83 2029 401 4,112,264 6.6 6.6 15.10 16.68 2030 313 2,985,609 4.8 4.9 15.63 17.35 2031 271 2,619,116 4.2 4.5 16.12 18.30 2032 368 3,132,994 5.1 5.8 17.34 19.58 2033+ 521 6,152,271 10.0 10.7 16.41 19.26 
 
 More specific information with respect to each of our properties is set forth in Exhibit 99.1, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Leases 
 Our anchor tenants generally have leases with original terms ranging from 10 to 20 years and may or may not have renewal options for one or more additional periods. Smaller tenants typically have leases with original terms ranging from five to 10 years and may or may not have renewal options for one or more additional periods. Leases in our Portfolio generally provide for the payment of fixed monthly base rent. Certain leases also provide for the payment of additional rent based upon a percentage of the tenant s gross sales above a predetermined threshold. Leases also generally provide for contractual increases in base rent over both the original lease term and any renewal option periods and the reimbursement of property operating expenses such as common area expenses, utilities, insurance, and real estate taxes, and certain capital expenditures related to the maintenance of our properties. 
 
 The foregoing general description of the characteristics of the leases of our Portfolio is not intended to describe all leases, and material variations in lease terms may exist. 
 
 Insurance 
 We have a wholly owned captive insurance company, Brixmor Incap, LLC Incap ). Incap underwrites the first layer of general liability insurance for the properties in our Portfolio. We formed Incap as part of our overall risk management program to stabilize insurance costs, manage exposures, and recoup expenses through the function of the captive program. Incap is capitalized in accordance with the applicable regulatory requirements. 
 
 We also maintain commercial liability, fire, extended coverage, earthquake, business interruption, and rental loss insurance covering all of the properties in our Portfolio. We select coverage specifications and insured limits which we believe to be appropriate given the relative risk of loss, the cost of coverage, industry practice, and the nature of the shopping centers in our Portfolio. In addition, tenants are generally required to indemnify and hold us harmless from liabilities resulting from injury to persons or damage to personal or real property on the premises due to activities conducted by tenants or their agents at the properties (including without limitation any environmental contamination), and to obtain liability and property damage insurance policies at the tenant s expense, kept in full force during the term of the lease. In the opinion of our management, all of the properties in our Portfolio are currently adequately insured. We do not carry insurance for generally uninsured losses, such as losses from war. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Portfolio and Our Business An uninsured loss on properties or a loss that exceeds the limits of our insurance policies could result in a loss of our investment or related revenue in those properties. 
 
 19 

Item 3 . Legal Proceedings 
 The information contained under the heading Legal Matters in Note 15 Commitments and Contingencies to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this report is incorporated by reference into this Item 3. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 20 

PART II 

Item 5 . Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 BPG s common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol BRX. As of February 1, 2023, the number of holders of record of BPG s common stock was 626. This figure does not represent the actual number of beneficial owners of BPG s common stock because shares of BPG s common stock are frequently held in street name by securities dealers and others for the benefit of beneficial owners who may vote the shares. 
 
 BPG has elected to qualify as a REIT in accordance with the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). To qualify as a REIT, BPG must meet several organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that it annually distribute to its stockholders at least 90 of its REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains. Management intends to continue to satisfy these requirements and maintain BPG s REIT status. As a REIT, BPG generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax, provided that distributions to its stockholders equal at least the amount of its REIT taxable income as defined under the Code. 
 
 BPG s future distributions will be at the sole discretion of BPG s board of directors. When determining the amount of future distributions, we expect that BPG s board of directors will consider, among other factors; (1) the amount of cash generated from our operating activities; (2) the amount of cash required for leasing and maintenance capital expenditures; (3) the amount of cash required for debt repayments, reinvestment activity, net acquisitions, and share repurchases; (4) the amount of cash required to be distributed to maintain BPG s status as a REIT and to reduce any income and excise taxes that BPG otherwise would be required to pay; (5) any limitations on our distributions contained in our financing agreements, including, without limitation, in our Unsecured Credit Facility; (6) the sufficiency of legally-available assets; and (7) our ability to continue to access external sources of capital. 
 
 To the extent BPG is prevented, by provisions in our financing agreements or otherwise, from distributing 100 of BPG s REIT taxable income, or otherwise does not distribute 100 of BPG s REIT taxable income, BPG will be subject to income tax, and potentially excise tax, on the retained amounts. If our operations do not generate sufficient cash flow to allow BPG to satisfy the REIT distribution requirements, we may be required to fund distributions with working capital, additional indebtedness, or asset sales, or we may be required to reduce such distributions or make such distributions, in whole or in part, payable in shares of BPG s stock. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for information regarding risk factors that could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. 
 
 Distributions to the extent of the Company s current and accumulated earnings and profits for federal income tax purposes will be taxable to stockholders as ordinary dividend income or capital gain income. Distributions in excess of taxable earnings and profits generally will be treated as non-taxable return of capital. Non-taxable return of capital distributions, to the extent that they do not exceed the stockholder s adjusted tax basis in its common shares, have the effect of deferring taxation until the sale of the stockholder s common shares. To the extent that distributions are both in excess of taxable earnings and profits and in excess of the stockholder s adjusted tax basis in its common shares, the distributions will be treated as capital gains from the sale of common shares. For the taxable year ended December 31, 2022, 100.0 of the Company s distributions to stockholders constituted taxable ordinary income. For the taxable year ended December 31, 2021, 91.8 of the Company s distributions to stockholders constituted taxable ordinary income and 8.2 constituted a return of capital. 

21 

BPG s Total Stockholder Return Performance 
 The following performance chart compares, for the period from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022, the cumulative total return of BPG s common stock with the cumulative total return of the S P 500 Index and the FTSE Nareit Equity Shopping Centers Index. All stockholder return performance assumes the reinvestment of dividends. The information in this paragraph and the following performance chart are deemed to be furnished, not filed. 
 
 Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 
 There were no sales of unregistered equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 On November 1, 2022, we established a new share repurchase program (the Repurchase Program for up to 400.0 million of our common stock. The Repurchase Program is scheduled to expire on November 1, 2025, unless suspended or extended by our board of directors. The Repurchase Program replaced our prior share repurchase program, which was scheduled to expire on January 9, 2023. During the three months and year ended December 31, 2022, we did not repurchase any shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2022, the Repurchase Program had 400.0 million of available repurchase capacity. 

Item 6 . [Reserved] 

22 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying notes thereto. Historical results and percentage relationships set forth in the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes, including trends which might appear, should not be taken as indicative of future operations. 
 
 Executive Summary 
 Our Company 
 Brixmor Property Group Inc. and subsidiaries (collectively, BPG is an internally-managed corporation that has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust REIT ). Brixmor Operating Partnership LP and subsidiaries (collectively, the Operating Partnership is the entity through which BPG conducts substantially all of its operations and owns substantially all of its assets. BPG owns 100 of the limited liability company interests of BPG Subsidiary LLC BPG Sub ), which, in turn, is the sole member of Brixmor OP GP LLC (the General Partner ), the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, we, our, and us mean BPG and the Operating Partnership, collectively. We own and operate one of the largest publicly-traded open-air retail portfolios by gross leasable area GLA in the United States U.S. ), comprised primarily of community and neighborhood shopping centers. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio was comprised of 373 shopping centers (the Portfolio totaling approximately 66 million square feet of GLA. Our high-quality national Portfolio is primarily located within established trade areas in the top 50 Core-Based Statistical Areas in the U.S., and our shopping centers are primarily anchored by non-discretionary and value-oriented retailers, as well as consumer-oriented service providers. As of December 31, 2022, our three largest tenants by annualized base rent ABR were The TJX Companies, Inc. TJX ), The Kroger Co. Kroger ), and Burlington Stores, Inc. Burlington ). BPG has been organized and operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under U.S. federal income tax laws commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2011, has maintained such requirements through our taxable year ended December 31, 2022, and intends to satisfy such requirements for subsequent taxable years. 
 
 Our primary objective is to maximize total returns to our stockholders through consistent, sustainable growth in cash flow. Our key strategies to achieve this objective include proactively managing our Portfolio to drive internal growth, pursuing value-enhancing reinvestment opportunities, and prudently executing on acquisition and disposition activity, while also maintaining a flexible capital structure positioned for growth. In addition, as we execute on our key strategies, we do so guided by our purpose-driven Corporate Responsibility CR strategy and our commitment to environmental, social, and governance ESG issues. 
 
 We believe the following set of competitive advantages positions us to successfully execute on our key strategies: 
 
 Expansive Retailer Relationships We believe that the scale of our asset base and our nationwide footprint represent competitive advantages in supporting the growth objectives of the nation s largest and most successful retailers. We believe that we are one of the largest landlords by GLA to TJX, Kroger, and Burlington, as well as a key landlord to most major grocers and retail category leaders. We believe that our strong relationships with leading retailers afford us unique insight into their strategies and priority access to their expansion plans. 
 
 Fully-Integrated Operating Platform We manage a fully-integrated operating platform, leveraging our national scope and demonstrating our commitment to operating with a strong regional and local presence. We provide our tenants with dedicated service through both our national accounts leasing team based in New York and our network of four regional offices in Atlanta, Chicago, Philadelphia and San Diego, as well as our 12 leasing and property management satellite offices throughout the country. We believe that this structure enables us to obtain critical national market intelligence, while also benefiting from the regional and local expertise of our leasing and operations teams. 
 
 Experienced Management Senior members of our management team are seasoned real estate operators with extensive public company leadership experience. Our management team has deep industry knowledge and well-established relationships with retailers, brokers, and vendors through many years of operational and transactional experience, as well as significant capital markets capabilities and expertise in executing value-enhancing reinvestment opportunities. 
 
 23 

Factors That May Influence Our Future Results 
 We derive our rental income primarily from base rent and expense reimbursements paid by tenants to us under existing leases at each of our properties. Expense reimbursements primarily consist of payments made by tenants to us for a portion of property operating expenses, such as common area expenses, utilities, insurance, and real estate taxes, and certain capital expenditures related to the maintenance of our properties. 
 
 Our ability to maintain or increase rental income is primarily dependent on our ability to maintain or increase rental rates, renew expiring leases, and/or lease available space. Increases in our property operating expenses, including repairs and maintenance, landscaping, snow removal, security, ground rent related to properties for which we are the lessee, utilities, insurance, real estate taxes, and various other costs, to the extent they are not reimbursed by tenants or offset by increases in rental income, will adversely impact our overall performance. See Forward-Looking Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding risk factors that could affect our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. 
 
 Leasing Highlights 
 As of December 31, 2022, billed and leased occupancy were 90.2 and 93.8 , respectively, compared to 88.7 and 92.0 , respectively, as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 The following table summarizes our executed leasing activity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands, except for per square foot PSF amounts): 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Leases GLA New ABR PSF Tenant Improvements and Allowances PSF Third Party Leasing Commissions PSF Rent Spread (1) 
 New, renewal and option leases 1,614 10,572,727 16.47 4.71 2.05 12.7 New and renewal leases 1,403 7,095,235 18.31 7.02 3.06 16.0 New leases 613 3,256,527 19.08 13.05 6.57 37.0 Renewal leases 790 3,838,708 17.66 1.91 0.08 11.1 Option leases 211 3,477,492 12.72 6.7 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Leases GLA New ABR PSF Tenant Improvements and Allowances PSF Third Party Leasing Commissions PSF Rent Spread (1) 
 New, renewal and option leases 1,641 10,041,399 16.05 4.08 1.84 10.1 New and renewal leases 1,478 6,817,114 18.42 6.01 2.71 11.4 New leases 639 3,055,371 18.66 12.14 5.92 27.6 Renewal leases 839 3,761,743 18.22 1.03 0.10 6.3 Option leases 163 3,224,285 11.04 7.1 
 (1) Based on comparable leases only, which consist of new leases signed on units that were occupied within the prior 12 months and renewal or option leases signed with the same tenant in all or a portion of the same location or that include the expansion into space that was occupied within the prior 12 months. 
 Excludes leases executed for terms of less than one year. 
 ABR PSF includes the GLA of lessee-owned leasehold improvements. 
 
 Acquisition Activity 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we acquired seven shopping centers, one outparcel, and one land parcel and paid less than 0.1 million related to previously acquired assets for an aggregate purchase price of 409.7 million, including transaction costs and closing credits. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we acquired six shopping centers, one outparcel, and two land parcels for an aggregate purchase price of 258.8 million, including transaction costs and closing credits. 

24 

Disposition Activity 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we disposed of 16 shopping centers and 10 partial shopping centers for aggregate net proceeds of 277.0 million resulting in aggregate gain of 109.2 million and aggregate impairment of 5.7 million. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we resolved contingencies related to previously disposed assets and had land at one shopping center seized through eminent domain for aggregate net proceeds of 2.8 million, resulting in aggregate gain of 2.4 million. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we disposed of 17 shopping centers and 15 partial shopping centers for aggregate net proceeds of 237.4 million resulting in aggregate gain of 73.1 million and aggregate impairment of 1.9 million. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2021, we received aggregate net proceeds of less than 0.1 million from previously disposed assets resulting in aggregate gain of less than 0.1 million. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The results of operations discussion is combined for BPG and the Operating Partnership because there are no material differences in the results of operations between the two reporting entities. 
 
 Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2022 to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Revenues (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Revenues Rental income 1,217,362 1,146,304 71,058 Other revenues 712 5,970 (5,258) Total revenues 1,218,074 1,152,274 65,800 
 
 Rental income 
 The increase in rental income for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 71.1 million, compared to the corresponding period in 2021, was due to a 55.9 million increase for assets owned for the full period and a 15.1 million increase in rental income due to net transaction activity. The increase for assets owned for the full period was due to (i) a 33.6 million increase in base rent; (ii) a 12.1 million increase in expense reimbursements; (iii) a 7.9 million increase in straight-line rental income, net; (iv) a 4.5 million increase in ancillary and other rental income; (v) a 3.1 million increase in percentage rents; and (vi) a 2.6 million increase associated with revenues deemed uncollectible; partially offset by (vii) a 5.5 million decrease in lease termination fees; and (viii) a 2.4 million decrease in accretion of below-market leases, net of amortization of above-market leases and tenant improvements. The 33.6 million increase in base rent for assets owned for the full period was primarily due to contractual rent increases, positive rent spreads for new and renewal leases and option exercises of 12.7 during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 10.1 during the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase in weighted average billed occupancy, and a decrease in rent deferrals accounted for as lease modifications and rent abatements related to COVID-19. The 12.1 million increase in expense reimbursements was primarily attributable to increases in billed occupancy, reimbursable operating expenses, and real estate taxes. 
 
 Other revenues 
 The decrease in other revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 5.3 million, compared to the corresponding period in 2021, was primarily due to a decrease in tax increment financing income. 

25 

Operating Expenses (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Operating expenses Operating costs 141,408 132,042 9,366 Real estate taxes 170,383 165,746 4,637 Depreciation and amortization 344,731 327,152 17,579 Impairment of real estate assets 5,724 1,898 3,826 General and administrative 117,225 105,454 11,771 Total operating expenses 779,471 732,292 47,179 
 
 Operating costs 
 The increase in operating costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 9.4 million, compared to the corresponding period in 2021, was due to a 7.7 million increase for assets owned for the full period primarily due to increases in repairs and maintenance, utilities, and insurance costs, in addition to a 1.7 million increase in operating costs due to net transaction activity. 
 
 Real estate taxes 
 The increase in real estate taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 4.6 million, compared to the corresponding period in 2021, was primarily due to a 2.7 million increase due to net transaction activity and a 1.9 million increase for assets owned for the full period, primarily due to an increase in current year assessments. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 The increase in depreciation and amortization for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 17.6 million, compared to the corresponding period in 2021, was primarily due to a 14.9 million increase attributable to net transaction activity, and a 2.7 million increase for assets owned for the full period, primarily due to capital expenditures, partially offset by accelerated depreciation and amortization related to tenant move-outs. 
 
 Impairment of real estate assets 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, aggregate impairment of 5.7 million was recognized on two shopping centers and one partial shopping center as a result of disposition activity. During the year ended December 31, 2021, aggregate impairment of 1.9 million was recognized on two shopping centers as a result of disposition activity. 
 
 General and administrative 
 The increase in general and administrative costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 11.8 million, compared to the corresponding period in 2021, was primarily due to an increase in net compensation costs, marketing expenses, and travel and entertainment costs, partially offset by decreases in litigation and other non-routine legal, professional, office, and other expenses. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, construction compensation costs of 17.5 million and 16.6 million, respectively, were capitalized to building and improvements and leasing legal costs of 4.1 million and 2.5 million, respectively, and leasing commission costs of 7.9 million and 6.8 million, respectively, were capitalized to deferred charges and prepaid expenses, net. 

26 

Other Income and Expenses (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Other income (expense) Dividends and interest 314 299 15 Interest expense (192,427) (194,776) 2,349 Gain on sale of real estate assets 111,563 73,092 38,471 Loss on extinguishment of debt, net (221) (28,345) 28,124 Other (3,639) (65) (3,574) Total other expense (84,410) (149,795) 65,385 
 
 Dividends and interest 
 Dividends and interest remained generally consistent for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the corresponding period in 2021. 
 
 Interest expense 
 The decrease in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 2.3 million, compared to the corresponding period in 2021, was primarily due to lower overall debt obligations, partially offset by a higher weighted average interest rate. 
 
 Gain on sale of real estate assets 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we disposed of 14 shopping centers and nine partial shopping centers that resulted in aggregate gain of 109.2 million. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we resolved contingencies related to previously disposed assets and had land at one shopping center seized through eminent domain resulting in aggregate net proceeds of 2.8 million, resulting in aggregate gain of 2.4 million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we disposed of 16 shopping centers and 15 partial shopping centers that resulted in aggregate gain of 73.1 million. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2021, we received aggregate net proceeds of less than 0.1 million from previously disposed assets resulting in aggregate gain of less than 0.1 million. 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt, net 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we amended and restated our unsecured credit facility effective April 28, 2022 (the "Unsecured Credit Facility"), which is comprised of a 1.25 billion revolving credit facility (the "Revolving Facility") and a 300.0 million term loan, in addition to a new 200.0 million delayed draw term loan (together, the "Term Loan Facility"), resulting in a 0.2 million loss on extinguishment of debt due to the acceleration of unamortized debt issuance costs. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we redeemed all 500.0 million of our 3.250 Senior Notes due 2023 and repaid 350.0 million of an unsecured term loan under our Unsecured Credit Facility, resulting in a 28.3 million loss on extinguishment of debt. Loss on extinguishment of debt includes 25.5 million of prepayment fees and 2.8 million of accelerated unamortized debt issuance costs and debt discounts. 
 
 Other 
 The increase in other expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 3.6 million, compared to the corresponding period in 2021, was primarily due to favorable tax adjustments and legal settlements in the prior year and an increase in transaction costs in the current year. 
 
 Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2021 to the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on February 7, 2022, for a discussion of the comparison of the year ended December 31, 2021 to the year ended December 31, 2020. 

27 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We anticipate that our cash flows from the sources listed below will provide adequate capital for the next 12 months and beyond for all anticipated uses, including all scheduled payments on our outstanding debt, current and anticipated tenant and other capital improvements, stockholder distributions, including those required to maintain our qualification as a REIT, and other obligations associated with conducting our business. 
 
 Our primary expected sources and uses of capital are as follows: 
 Sources 
 cash and cash equivalent balances; 
 operating cash flow; 
 available borrowings under the Unsecured Credit Facility; 
 issuance of long-term debt; 
 dispositions; and 
 issuance of equity securities. 
 
 Uses 
 debt repayments 
 maintenance capital expenditures; 
 leasing capital expenditures; 
 value-enhancing reinvestment capital expenditures; 
 dividend/distribution payments; 
 acquisitions; and 
 repurchases of equity securities. 
 
 We believe our capital structure provides us with the financial flexibility and capacity to fund our current capital needs as well as future growth opportunities. We generate significant operating cash flow and have access to multiple forms of external capital, including secured property level debt, unsecured corporate level debt, preferred equity, and common equity, which will allow us to efficiently execute on our strategic and operational objectives. We have investment grade credit ratings from all three major credit rating agencies. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.35 billion of available liquidity, including 1.32 billion under our Unsecured Credit Facility and 21.3 million of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash. We intend to continue to enhance our financial and operational flexibility through periodic extensions of the duration of our debt. 
 
 Material Cash Requirements 
 Our expected material cash requirements for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023 and thereafter are comprised of (i) contractually obligated expenditures; (ii) other essential expenditures; and (iii) opportunistic expenditures. 

28 

Contractually Obligated Expenditures 
 The following table summarizes our debt maturities (excluding extension options), interest payment obligations, and obligations under non-cancelable operating leases (excluding renewal options), as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in millions): 
 Contractually Obligated Expenditures Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2023 Thereafter Debt maturities (1) 
 5,043.5 Interest payments (1)(2) 
 188.8 776.2 Operating leases 6.1 52.2 Total 194.9 5,871.9 
 (1) Amounts presented do not assume the issuance of new debt upon maturity of existing debt. 
 (2) Scheduled interest payments included in these amounts for variable rate loans are presented using rates (including the impact of interest rate swaps), as of December 31, 2022. See Item 7 A. Quantita tive and Qua litative Dis closures abo ut Market Ri sk for a further discussion of these and other factors that could impact interest payments 
 Other Essential Expenditures 
 We incur certain essential expenditures in the ordinary course of business, such as common area expenses, utilities, insurance, real estate taxes, capital expenditures related to the maintenance of our properties, leasing capital expenditures, and corporate level expenses. The amount of common area expenses, utilities, and capital expenditures related to the maintenance of our properties that we incur depends on the scope of services that we provide, prevailing market rates, and the size and composition of our Portfolio. We carry comprehensive insurance to protect our Portfolio against various losses. The amount of insurance expense that we incur depends on the assessed values of our properties, prevailing market rates, changes in risk generally, and the size and composition of our Portfolio. We incur real estate taxes in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. The amount of real estate taxes that we incur depends on the assessed values of our properties, the tax rates assessed by various jurisdictions, and the size and composition of our Portfolio. Leasing capital expenditures represent tenant specific costs incurred to lease or renew space, including tenant improvements, tenant allowances, and external leasing commissions. The amount of leasing capital expenditures that we incur depends on the volume and nature of leasing activity. Leases typically provide for the reimbursement of property operating expenses such as common area expenses, utilities, insurance, and real estate taxes, and certain capital expenditures related to the maintenance of our properties. However, costs that we incur generally do not decrease if revenue or occupancy decreases, and certain costs that we incur are not typically reimbursed. 
 
 In order to continue to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we must meet several organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that we annually distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains. We intend to continue to satisfy these requirements and maintain our REIT status. Our board of directors evaluates our dividend on a quarterly basis, taking into account a variety of relevant factors, including REIT taxable income. The following table summarizes our dividend activity for the fourth quarter of 2022 and the first quarter of 2023: 
 Fourth Quarter 2022 First Quarter 2023 Dividend declared per common share 0.260 0.260 Dividend declaration date October 25, 2022 February 1, 2023 Dividend record date January 4, 2023 April 4, 2023 Dividend payable date January 17, 2023 April 17, 2023 
 
 Opportunistic Expenditures 
 We also utilize cash for opportunistic expenditures such as value-enhancing reinvestment and acquisition activity. 
 
 The amount of value-enhancing reinvestment capital expenditures that we may incur in future periods is contingent on a variety of factors that may change from period to period, such as the number, total expected cost, and nature of value-enhancing reinvestment projects that are underway. See Improvements to and investments in real estate assets below for further information regarding our in-process reinvestment projects and our pipeline of future redevelopment projects. 
 
 29 

The amount of future acquisition activity depends on the availability of opportunities that further concentrate our Portfolio in attractive retail submarkets and optimize the quality and long-term growth rate of our asset base. Our acquisition strategy focuses on buying assets with strong growth potential that are located in our existing markets and will allow us to leverage our operational platform and expertise to create value. Our acquisition activity may include acquisitions of open-air shopping centers, non-owned anchor spaces, and retail buildings and/or outparcels at, or adjacent to, our shopping centers. 
 
 Our cash flow activities are summarized as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 Brixmor Property Group Inc . 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Net cash provided by operating activities 566,382 552,239 14,143 Net cash used in investing activities (462,453) (331,005) (131,448) Net cash used in financing activities (380,413) (293,578) (86,835) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (276,484) (72,344) (204,140) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 297,743 370,087 (72,344) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 21,259 297,743 (276,484) 
 
 Brixmor Operating Partnership LP 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Net cash provided by operating activities 566,382 552,239 14,143 Net cash used in investing activities (462,453) (331,005) (131,448) Net cash used in financing activities (366,182) (298,722) (67,460) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (262,253) (77,488) (184,765) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 282,585 360,073 (77,488) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 20,332 282,585 (262,253) 
 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities primarily consists of cash inflows from tenant rental payments and expense reimbursements and cash outflows for property operating expenses, general and administrative expenses, and interest expense. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, our net cash provided by operating activities increased 14.1 million compared to the corresponding period in 2021. The increase was primarily due to (i) an increase in same property net operating income; (ii) an increase in net operating income due to net transaction activity; and (iii) a decrease in cash outflows for interest expense; partially offset by (iv) a decrease from net working capital; (v) a decrease in other non-same property net operating income; (vi) an increase in cash outflows for general and administrative expense; and (vii) a decrease in lease termination fees. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities primarily is impacted by the nature, timing, and magnitude of acquisition and disposition activity and improvements to and investments in our shopping centers, including capital expenditures associated with our value-enhancing reinvestment activity. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, our net cash used in investing activities increased 131.4 million compared to the corresponding period in 2021. The increase was primarily due to (i) an increase of 150.9 million in acquisitions of real estate assets; (ii) an increase of 21.7 million in improvements to and investments in real estate assets; and (iii) an increase of 1.2 million in purchases of marketable securities, net of proceeds from sales; partially offset by (iv) an increase of 42.4 million in net proceeds from sales of real estate assets. 

30 

Improvements to and investments in real estate assets 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we expended 330.4 million and 308.6 million, respectively, on improvements to and investments in real estate assets. These amounts are net of insurance proceeds of 7.7 million and 3.3 million, respectively, which were received during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Maintenance capital expenditures represent costs to fund major replacements and betterments to our properties. Leasing related capital expenditures represent tenant specific costs incurred to lease space, including tenant improvements, tenant allowances, and external leasing commissions. In addition, we evaluate our Portfolio on an ongoing basis to identify value-enhancing reinvestment opportunities. Such initiatives are tenant driven and focus on upgrading our centers with strong, best-in-class retailers and enhancing the overall merchandise mix and tenant quality of our Portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, we had 48 in-process anchor space repositioning, redevelopment and outparcel development projects with an aggregate anticipated cost of 342.9 million, of which 182.4 million had been incurred as of December 31, 2022. In addition, we have identified a pipeline of future redevelopment projects aggregating approximately 1.0 billion of potential capital investment, which we expect to execute over the coming years. We expect to fund these projects with cash and cash equivalents, net cash provided by operating activities, proceeds from sales of real estate assets, and/or proceeds from capital markets transactions. 
 
 Acquisitions of and proceeds from sales of real estate assets 
 We continue to evaluate the market for acquisition opportunities and we may acquire shopping centers when we believe strategic opportunities exist. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we acquired seven shopping centers, one outparcel, and one land parcel for an aggregate purchase price of 409.7 million, including transaction costs and closing credits. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we acquired six shopping centers, one outparcel and two land parcels for an aggregate purchase price of 258.8 million, including transaction costs and closing credits. 
 
 We may also dispose of properties when we believe value has been maximized, where there may be future downside risk, or where we have limited ability or desire to build critical mass in a particular submarket. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we disposed of 16 shopping centers and 10 partial shopping centers for aggregate net proceeds of 277.0 million. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we resolved contingencies related to previously disposed assets and had land at one shopping center seized through eminent domain for aggregate net proceeds of 2.8 million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we disposed of 17 shopping centers and 15 partial shopping centers for aggregate net proceeds of 237.4 million. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2021, we received aggregate net proceeds of less than 0.1 million from previously disposed assets. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities is primarily impacted by the nature, timing, and magnitude of issuances and repurchases of debt and equity securities, as well as borrowings or principal payments associated with our outstanding indebtedness, including our Unsecured Credit Facility, and distributions made to our common stockholders. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, our net cash used in financing activities increased 86.8 million compared to the corresponding period in 2021. The increase was primarily due to (i) a 122.7 million increase in debt repayments, net of borrowings; (ii) a 32.4 million increase in distributions to our common stockholders; and (iii) a 5.0 million increase in repurchases of common stock; partially offset by (iv) a 48.0 million increase in issuances of common stock; and (v) a 25.3 million decrease in deferred financing and debt extinguishment costs. 
 
 Non-GAAP Performance Measures 
 We present the non-GAAP performance measures set forth below. These measures should not be considered as alternatives to, or more meaningful than, net income (calculated in accordance with GAAP) or other GAAP financial measures, as an indicator of financial performance and are not alternatives to, or more meaningful than, cash flow from operating activities (calculated in accordance with GAAP) as a measure of liquidity. Non-GAAP performance measures have limitations as they do not include all items of income and expense that affect operations, and accordingly, should always be considered supplemental financial measures to those calculated in accordance with GAAP. Our computation of these non-GAAP performance measures may differ in certain respects from the methodology utilized by other REITs and, therefore, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented 
 31 

by such other REITs. Investors are cautioned that items excluded from these non-GAAP performance measures are relevant to understanding and addressing financial performance. 
 
 Funds From Operations 
 Nareit FFO (defined hereafter) is a supplemental, non-GAAP performance measure utilized to evaluate the operating and financial performance of real estate companies. Nareit defines funds from operations FFO as net income (loss), calculated in accordance with GAAP, excluding (i) depreciation and amortization related to real estate, (ii) gains and losses from the sale of certain real estate assets, (iii) gains and losses from change in control, (iv) impairment write-downs of certain real estate assets and investments in entities when the impairment is directly attributable to decreases in the value of depreciable real estate held by the entity and (v) after adjustments for unconsolidated joint ventures calculated to reflect FFO on the same basis. 
 
 Considering the nature of our business as a real estate owner and operator, we believe that Nareit FFO is useful to investors in measuring our operating and financial performance because the definition excludes items included in net income that do not relate to or are not indicative of our operating and financial performance, such as depreciation and amortization related to real estate, and items which can make periodic and peer analyses of operating and financial performance more difficult, such as gains and losses from the sale of certain real estate assets and impairment write-downs of certain real estate assets. 
 
 Our reconciliation of net income to Nareit FFO for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net income 354,193 270,187 Depreciation and amortization related to real estate 340,561 323,354 Gain on sale of real estate assets (111,563) (73,092) Impairment of real estate assets 5,724 1,898 Nareit FFO 588,915 522,347 Nareit FFO per diluted share 1.95 1.75 Weighted average diluted shares outstanding 301,742 298,835 
 
 Same Property Net Operating Income 
 Same property net operating income NOI is a supplemental, non-GAAP performance measure utilized to evaluate the operating performance of real estate companies. Same property NOI is calculated (using properties owned for the entirety of both periods and excluding properties under development and completed new development properties that have been stabilized for less than one year) as total property revenues (base rent, expense reimbursements, adjustments for revenues deemed uncollectible, ancillary and other rental income, percentage rents, and other revenues) less direct property operating expenses (operating costs and real estate taxes). Same property NOI excludes (i) lease termination fees, (ii) straight-line rental income, net, (iii) accretion of below-market leases, net of amortization of above-market leases and tenant inducements, (iv) straight-line ground rent expense, net, (v) income or expense associated with our captive insurance company, (vi) depreciation and amortization, (vii) impairment of real estate assets, (viii) general and administrative expense, and (ix) other income and expense (including interest expense and gain on sale of real estate assets). 
 
 Considering the nature of our business as a real estate owner and operator, we believe that same property NOI is useful to investors in measuring the operating performance of our portfolio because the definition excludes various items included in net income that do not relate to, or are not indicative of, the operating performance of our properties, such as lease termination fees, straight-line rental income, net, accretion of below-market leases, net of amortization of above-market leases and tenant inducements, straight-line ground rent expense, net, income or expense associated with our captive insurance company, depreciation and amortization, impairment of real estate assets, general and administrative expense, and other income and expense (including interest expense and gain on sale of real estate assets). We believe that same property NOI is also useful to investors because it further eliminates disparities in NOI due to the acquisition or disposition of properties or the stabilization of completed new development properties during the periods presented and therefore provides a more consistent metric for comparing the operating performance of our real estate between periods. 
 32 

Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2022 to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Number of properties 343 343 Percent billed 90.3 88.7 1.6 Percent leased 93.9 92.1 1.8 Revenues Rental income 1,084,159 1,027,069 57,090 Other revenues 682 622 60 1,084,841 1,027,691 57,150 Operating expenses Operating costs (128,614) (122,922) (5,692) Real estate taxes (156,175) (154,356) (1,819) (284,789) (277,278) (7,511) Same property NOI 800,052 750,413 49,639 
 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of net income to same property NOI for the periods presented (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net income 354,193 270,187 Adjustments: Non-same property NOI (70,909) (72,795) Lease termination fees (3,231) (8,640) Straight-line rental income, net (23,458) (14,551) Accretion of below-market leases, net of amortization of above-market leases and tenant inducements (8,793) (8,221) Straight-line ground rent expense 160 134 Depreciation and amortization 344,731 327,152 Impairment of real estate assets 5,724 1,898 General and administrative 117,225 105,454 Total other expense 84,410 149,795 Same property NOI 800,052 750,413 
 
 Our Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our discussion and analysis of our historical financial condition and operating results is based upon our Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could ultimately differ from those estimates. The following accounting estimates are considered critical because they are particularly dependent on management s judgment about matters that have a significant level of uncertainty at the time the accounting estimates are made, and changes to those estimates could have a material impact on our financial condition or operating results. 
 
 Revenue Recognition and Receivables - Estimating Collectability 
 We enter into agreements with tenants that convey the right to control the use of identified space at our shopping centers in exchange for rental revenue. These agreements meet the criteria for recognition as leases under Accounting Standards Codification ASC 842, Leases . Rental revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis over the terms of the related leases. The cumulative difference between rental revenue recognized on our Consolidated Statements of Operations and contractual payment terms is recognized as deferred rent and included in Receivables, net on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We commence recognizing rental revenue based on the date we make the underlying asset available for use by the tenant. Leases also typically provide for the reimbursement of property operating expenses, including common area expenses, utilities, insurance, and real estate taxes, and certain capital 
 33 

expenditures related to the maintenance of our properties, by the lessee and are recognized in the period the applicable expenditures are incurred and/or contractually required to be reimbursed. 
 
 We periodically evaluate the collectability of our receivables related to rental revenue, straight-line rent, expense reimbursements, and those attributable to other revenue generating activities. We analyze individual tenant receivables and consider tenant credit-worthiness, the length of time a receivable has been outstanding, and current economic trends when evaluating collectability. In 2022 and 2021, our evaluation included consideration of the impact of COVID-19 on the collectability of our receivables. This assessment involved significant judgment regarding the severity and duration of the disruption caused by COVID-19, as well as judgment regarding which industries and tenants would be most significantly impacted. Any receivables that are deemed to be uncollectible are recognized as a reduction to Rental income on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Real Estate - Estimates Related to Valuing Acquired Assets and Liabilities 
 Real estate assets are recognized on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at historical cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Upon acquisition of real estate operating properties, we estimate the fair value of acquired tangible assets (consisting of land, buildings, and tenant improvements) and identifiable intangible assets and liabilities (consisting of above- and below-market leases and in-place leases) based on an evaluation of available information. Transaction costs incurred during the acquisition process are capitalized as a component of the asset s value. 
 
 The fair value of tangible assets is determined as if the acquired property is vacant. Fair value is determined using an exit price approach, which contemplates the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 
 
 In allocating fair value to identifiable intangible assets and liabilities, the value of above-market and below-market leases is estimated based on the present value (using a discount rate reflecting the risks associated with the leases acquired) of the difference between: (i) the contractual amounts to be paid pursuant to the leases negotiated and in-place at the time of acquisition and (ii) management s estimate of fair market lease rates for the property or an equivalent property, measured over a period equal to the lesser of 30 years or the remaining non-cancelable term of the leases, which includes renewal periods with fixed rental terms that are considered to be below-market. The capitalized above-market or below-market intangibles are amortized as a reduction of, or increase to, rental income over the remaining non-cancelable term of the leases. 
 
 The value of in-place leases is estimated based on management s evaluation of the specific characteristics of each tenant lease, including: (i) fair market rent and the reimbursement of property operating expenses, including common area expenses, utilities, insurance, real estate taxes, and certain capital expenditures related to the maintenance of our properties, that would be forgone during a hypothetical expected lease-up period and (ii) costs that would be incurred, including leasing commissions, legal and marketing costs, and tenant improvements and allowances, to execute similar leases. The value assigned to in-place leases is amortized to depreciation and amortization expense over the remaining term of each lease. 
 
 Real Estate - Estimates Related to Impairments 
 We periodically assess whether there are any indicators, including property operating performance, changes in anticipated hold period, and general market conditions, that the carrying value of our real estate assets (including any related intangible assets or liabilities) may be impaired. If an indicator is identified, a real estate asset is considered impaired only if our estimate of aggregate future undiscounted and unleveraged property operating cash flows, taking into account the anticipated probability-weighted hold period, is less than the carrying value of the property. Various factors are considered in the estimation process that are subject to significant management judgment, including the anticipated hold period, current and/or future reinvestment projects, and the effects of demand and competition on future operating income and/or property values. Changes in any estimates and/or assumptions, particularly the anticipated hold period, could have a material impact on the projected operating cash flows. If management determines that the carrying value of a real estate asset is impaired, an impairment charge is recognized to reflect the estimated fair value of the asset. 
 
 When we identify a real estate asset as held for sale, we discontinue depreciating the asset and estimate its sales price, net of estimated selling costs. If the estimated net sales price of an asset is less than its net carrying value, an impairment charge is recognized to reflect the estimated fair value of the asset. 
 34 

Inflation 
 Prior to 2021, inflation was low and had a minimal impact on our operating and financial performance; however, inflation significantly increased over the last two years and may continue to be elevated or increase further. With respect to our shopping centers, our long-term leases generally contain provisions designed to mitigate the adverse impact of inflation, including contractual rent escalations and requirements for tenants to pay a portion of property operating expenses, including common area expenses, utilities, insurance, and real estate taxes, and certain capital expenditures related to the maintenance of our properties, thereby reducing our exposure to increases in property operating expenses resulting from inflation; however, we have exposure to increases in certain non-reimbursable property operating expenses, including expenses incurred on vacant units. We believe that many of our existing rental rates are below current market rates for comparable space and that upon renewal or re-leasing, such rates may be increased to be consistent with, or closer to, current market rates, which may also offset certain inflationary expense pressures. With respect to our outstanding indebtedness, we periodically evaluate our exposure to interest rate fluctuations, and have and may continue to enter into interest rate protection agreements that mitigate, but do not eliminate, the impact of changes in interest rates on our variable rate loans. With respect to general and administrative costs, we continually seek opportunities to offset inflationary cost pressures through routine evaluations of our spending levels and through ongoing efforts to utilize technology to enhance our operational efficiency. 
 35 

Item 7A . Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We may be exposed to interest rate changes primarily as a result of long-term debt used to fund operations and capital expenditures. Our use of derivative instruments is intended to manage our exposure to interest rate movements. 
 
 With regard to variable-rate financing, we assess interest rate risk by continually identifying and monitoring changes in interest rate exposures that may adversely impact expected future cash flows and by evaluating hedging opportunities. We maintain risk management control systems to monitor interest rate cash flow risk attributable to both our outstanding and forecasted debt obligations, as well as our potential offsetting hedge positions. Our risk management control systems involve the use of analytical techniques, including cash flow sensitivity analysis, to estimate the expected impact of changes in interest rates on our future cash flows. 
 
 We may use derivative financial instruments to hedge exposures to changes in interest rates. To the extent we do, we are exposed to market and credit risk. Market risk is the adverse effect on the value of the financial instrument that results from a change in interest rates. Market risk associated with derivative instruments is managed by establishing and monitoring parameters that limit the types and degree of market risk that may be undertaken. Credit risk is the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. When the fair value of the derivative instrument is positive, the counterparty owes us, which creates credit risk to us. The credit risk associated with derivative instruments is managed by entering into transactions with a variety of highly-rated counterparties. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 425.0 million outstanding variable-rate indebtedness which bears interest at a rate equal to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") plus credit spreads and reference rate adjustments ranging from 114 basis points to 129 basis points. We have interest rate swap agreements on 300.0 million of our variable-rate indebtedness, which effectively convert the base rate on the indebtedness from variable to fixed. If market rates of interest on our variable-rate debt increased or decreased by 100 basis points, the change in annual interest expense on our variable-rate debt would decrease earnings and cash flows by approximately 1.3 million or increase earnings and cash flows by approximately 1.3 million, respectively, after taking into account the impact of the 300.0 million of interest rate swap agreements. 
 
 The table below presents the maturity profile, weighted average interest rates and fair value of total debt as of December 31, 2022. The table has limited predictive value as average interest rates for variable-rate debt included in the table represent rates that existed as of December 31, 2022 and are subject to change. Furthermore, the table below incorporates only those exposures that existed as of December 31, 2022 and does not consider exposures or positions that may have arisen or expired after that date. As a result, our ultimate realized gain or loss with respect to interest rate fluctuations will depend on the exposures that arise during future periods, our hedging strategies at that time, and actual interest rates. 
 (dollars in thousands) 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 Total 
 Fair Value 
 Unsecured Debt Fixed rate 500,000 700,000 607,542 400,000 2,410,911 4,618,453 4,148,681 Weighted average interest rate (1) 
 3.69 3.70 3.67 3.56 3.50 3.50 Variable rate (2)(3) 
 125,000 300,000 425,000 425,056 Weighted average interest rate (1)(2) 
 4.27 4.27 4.27 3.78 
 (1) Weighted average interest rates include the impact of our interest rate swap agreements and are calculated based on the total debt balances as of the end of each year, assuming the repayment of debt on its scheduled maturity date. 

36 

(2) The interest rates on our variable rate Unsecured Credit Facility are based on credit rating grids. The credit rating grids and all-in-rates on outstanding variable rate debt as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 
 Credit Spread Grid As of December 31, 2022 SOFR Rate Loans Base Rate Loans Variable Rate Debt SOFR Rate Reference Rate Adjustment Credit Spread (1) 
 All-in-Rate Credit Spread Credit Spread Revolving Facility (2) 
 4.30 0.10 1.04 5.44 0.83 1.50 0.00 0.40 Term Loan Facility (3) 
 4.22 0.10 1.09 5.41 0.90 1.70 0.00 0.60 
 (1) Our Revolving Facility and Term Loan Facility include a sustainability metric incentive which can reduce the applicable credit spread by up to two basis points. As of December 31, 2022, we qualified for a one basis point reduction to the applicable credit spread, which is included in the credit spreads presented above. 
 (2) Our Revolving Facility is further subject to a facility fee ranging from 0.13 to 0.30 , which is excluded from the all-in-rate presented above. 
 (3) Our Term Loan Facility is further subject to a ticking fee on the additional 200.0 million delayed draw of 0.25 , which is excluded from the all-in-rate presented above. 
 
 (3) We have in place four interest rate swap agreements that convert the variable interest rate on one variable rate debt instrument to a fixed rate. The balance subject to interest rates swaps as of December 31, 2022 is as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 As of December 31, 2022 Variable Rate Debt Amount Weighted Average Fixed SOFR Rate Credit Spread Reference Rate Adjustment Swapped All-in-Rate 300 Million Term Loan 300,000 2.59 1.09 0.10 3.78 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 See the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and financial statements commencing on page F-1. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Controls and Procedures (Brixmor Property Group Inc.) 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 BPG maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in its reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. BPG s management, with the participation of its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, BPG s principal executive officer, James M. Taylor, and principal financial officer, Angela Aman, concluded that BPG s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 BPG s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of BPG s financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. BPG s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of BPG s assets; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of BPG are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of BPG; and provide reasonable assurance 
 37 

regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of its assets that could have a material effect on BPG s financial statements. 
 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, BPG conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations COSO of the Treadway Commission. Based on its assessment and those criteria, BPG s management concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued a report, included herein, on the effectiveness of BPG s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in BPG s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, BPG s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Controls and Procedures (Brixmor Operating Partnership LP) 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Operating Partnership maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in its reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. The Operating Partnership s management, with the participation of its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, the Operating Partnership s principal executive officer, James M. Taylor, and principal financial officer, Angela Aman, concluded that the Operating Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The Operating Partnership s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of the Operating Partnership s financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Operating Partnership s assets; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Operating Partnership are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Operating Partnership; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of its assets that could have a material effect on the Operating Partnership s financial statements. 
 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 38 

Under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the Operating Partnership conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO of the Treadway Commission. Based on its assessment and those criteria, the Operating Partnership s management concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued a report, included herein, on the effectiveness of the Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in the Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 39 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by Item 10 will be included in the definitive proxy statement relating to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Brixmor Property Group Inc. to be held on April 26, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. Brixmor Property Group Inc. will file such definitive proxy statement with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of the Company s 2022 fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by Item 11 will be included in the definitive proxy statement relating to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Brixmor Property Group Inc. to be held on April 26, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. Brixmor Property Group Inc. will file such definitive proxy statement with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of the Company s 2022 fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by Item 12 will be included in the definitive proxy statement relating to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Brixmor Property Group Inc. to be held on April 26, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. Brixmor Property Group Inc. will file such definitive proxy statement with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of the Company s 2022 fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by Item 13 will be included in the definitive proxy statement relating to the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Brixmor Property Group Inc. to be held on April 26, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. Brixmor Property Group Inc. will file such definitive proxy statement with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of the Company s 2022 fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by Item 14 will be included in the definitive proxy statement relating to the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Brixmor Property Group Inc. to be held on April 26, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. Brixmor Property Group Inc. will file such definitive proxy statement with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of the Company s 2022 fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K. 
 
 40 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this report 
 Form 10-K Page 1 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 F- 2 
 Brixmor Property Group Inc.: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F- 9 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F- 10 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F- 11 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F- 12 
 Brixmor Operating Partnership LP: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F- 13 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F- 14 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F- 15 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Capital for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F- 16 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F- 17 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F- 18 
 2 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts F- 39 
 Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation F- 40 
 All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

41 

(b) Exhibits . The following documents are filed as exhibits to this report: 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Date of Filing Exhibit Number Filed Herewith 3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation of Brixmor Property Group Inc., dated as of November 4, 2013 8-K 001-36160 11/4/2013 3.1 3.2 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Brixmor Property Group Inc., dated as of February 1, 2022 8-K 001-36160 2/4/2022 3.1 3.3 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Limited Partnership of Brixmor Operating Partnership LP 10-K 001-36160 3/12/2014 10.7 3.4 
 Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Brixmor Operating Partnership LP, dated as of October 28, 2019, by and among Brixmor OP GP LLC, as General Partner, BPG Subsidiary Inc., as Limited Partner, BPG Sub LLC, as Limited Partner, and the other limited partners from time to time party thereto 10-Q 001-36160 10/28/2019 3.1 4.1 
 Indenture, dated January 21, 2015, between Brixmor Operating Partnership LP, as issuer, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (the 2015 Indenture 8-K 001-36160 1/21/2015 4.1 4.2 
 First Supplemental Indenture to the 2015 Indenture, dated January 21, 2015, among Brixmor Operating Partnership LP, as issuer, and Brixmor OP GP LLC and BPG Subsidiary Inc., as possible future guarantors, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee 8-K 001-36160 1/21/2015 4.2 4 .3 
 Third Supplemental Indenture to the 2015 Indenture, dated June 13, 2016, among Brixmor Operating Partnership LP, as issuer, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee 8-K 00-36160 6/13/2016 4.2 4.4 
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture to the 2015 Indenture, dated March 8, 2017, among Brixmor Operating Partnership LP, as issuer, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee 8-K 00-36160 3/8/2017 4.2 4.5 
 Sixth Supplemental Indenture to the 2015 Indenture, dated June 5, 2017, among Brixmor Operating Partnership LP, as issuer, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee 8-K 00-36160 6/5/2017 4.2 4.6 
 Eighth Supplemental Indenture to the 2015 Indenture, dated May 10, 2019, between Brixmor Operating Partnership LP, as issuer, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee 8-K 00-36160 5/10/2019 4.2 4.7 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated August 15, 2019, between Brixmor Operating Partnership LP, as issuer, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee 8-K 00-36160 8/15/2019 4.3 
 42 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Date of Filing Exhibit Number Filed Herewith 4.8 
 Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated June 10, 2020, between Brixmor Operating Partnership LP, as issuer, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee 8-K 001-36160 6/10/2020 4.2 4.9 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated August 20, 2020, between Brixmor Operating Partnership LP, as issuer, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee 8-K 001-36160 8/20/2020 4.3 4.10 
 Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated March 5, 2021, between Brixmor Operating Partnership LP, as issuer, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee 8-K 001-36160 3/5/2021 4.2 4.11 
 Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated August 16, 2021, between Brixmor Operating Partnership LP, as issuer, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee 8-K 001-36160 8/16/2021 4.2 4.12 
 Indenture, dated as of March 29, 1995, between New Plan Realty Trust and The First National Bank of Boston, as Trustee (the 1995 Indenture S-3 33-61383 7/28/1995 4.2 4.13 
 First Supplemental Indenture to the 1995 Indenture, dated as of August 5, 1999, by and among New Plan Realty Trust, New Plan Excel Realty Trust, Inc. and State Street Bank and Trust Company 10-Q 001-12244 11/12/1999 10.2 4.14 
 Successor Supplemental Indenture to the 1995 Indenture, dated as of April 20, 2007, by and among Super IntermediateCo LLC and U.S. Bank Trust National Association 10-Q 001-12244 8/9/2007 4.2 4.15 
 Third Supplemental Indenture to the 1995 Indenture, dated as of October 30, 2009, by and among Centro NP LLC and U.S. Bank Trust National Association S-11 333-190002 8/23/2013 4.4 4.16 
 Supplemental Indenture to the 1995 Indenture, dated as of October 16, 2014, between Brixmor LLC and U.S. Bank Trust National Association 8-K 001-36160 10/17/2014 4.1 4.17 
 Indenture, dated as of February 3, 1999, among the New Plan Excel Realty Trust, Inc., as Primary Obligor, New Plan Realty Trust, as Guarantor, and State Street Bank and Trust Company, as Trustee (the 1999 Indenture 8-K 001-12244 2/3/1999 4.1 4.18 
 Successor Supplemental Indenture to the 1999 Indenture, dated as of April 20, 2007, by and among Super IntermediateCo LLC, New Plan Realty Trust, LLC and U.S. Bank Trust National Association 10-Q 001-12244 8/9/2007 4.3 4.19 
 Description of Registered Securities 10-K 001-36160 2/7/2022 4.22 10.1 
 2022 Omnibus Incentive Plan 8-K 001-36160 4/29/2022 10.1 10.2 
 Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement S-11 333-190002 8/23/2013 10.19 
 43 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Date of Filing Exhibit Number Filed Herewith 10.3 
 Form of Director Restricted Stock Award Agreement x 10.4 
 Form of Brixmor Property Group Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (TRSUs, PRSUs, and OPRSUs) x 10.5 
 Employment Agreement, dated April 12, 2016, by and between Brixmor Property Group Inc. and James M. Taylor 10-Q 001-36160 7/25/2016 10.1 10.6 
 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated February 2, 2021, by and between Brixmor Property Group Inc. and James M. Taylor 8-K 001-36160 2/4/2021 10.1 10.7 
 Employment Agreement, dated April 26, 2016, by and between Brixmor Property Group Inc. and Angela Aman 10-Q 001-36160 7/25/2016 10.2 10.8 
 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated March 7, 2019, by and between Brixmor Property Group Inc. and Angela Aman 8-K 001-36160 3/8/2019 10.1 10.9 
 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated February 1, 2022, by and between Brixmor Property Group Inc. and Angela Aman 8-K 001-36160 2/4/2022 10.1 10.10 
 Employment Agreement, dated May 11, 2016, by and between Brixmor Property Group Inc. and Mark T. Horgan 10-K 001-36160 2/13/2017 10.22 10.11 
 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated March 7, 2019, by and between Brixmor Property Group Inc. and Mark T. Horgan 8-K 001-36160 3/8/2019 10.2 10.12 
 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated February 1, 2022, by and between Brixmor Property Group Inc. and Mark T. Horgan 8-K 001-36160 2/4/2022 10.2 10.13 
 Employment Agreement, dated December 5, 2014, by and between Brixmor Property Group Inc. and Brian T. Finnegan 10-K 001-36160 2/13/2017 10.23 10.14 
 Employment Agreement, dated November 1, 2011, by and between Brixmor Property Group Inc. and Steven F. Siegel S-11 333-190002 8/23/2013 10.23 10.15 
 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated February 26, 2019, by and between Brixmor Property Group Inc. and Steven F. Siegel 10-Q 001-36160 4/29/2019 10.3 10.16 
 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated April 26, 2019, by and between Brixmor Property Group Inc. and Steven F. Siegel 10-Q 001-36160 4/29/2019 10.4 10.17 
 Third Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2022, among Brixmor Operating Partnership LP, as borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto 10-Q 001-36160 5/2/2022 10.1 
 44 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Date of Filing Exhibit Number Filed Herewith 10.18 
 Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2022, among Brixmor Operating Partnership LP, as borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders from time to time party thereto 10-Q 001-36160 5/2/2022 10.2 10.19 
 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement, dated as of July 7, 2022, among Brixmor Operating Partnership LP, as borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders from time to time party thereto x 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Brixmor Property Group Inc. x 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Brixmor Operating Partnership LP x 23.1 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP for Brixmor Property Group Inc. x 23.2 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP for Brixmor Operating Partnership LP x 31.1 
 Brixmor Property Group Inc. Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 x 31.2 
 Brixmor Property Group Inc. Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 x 31.3 
 Brixmor Operating Partnership LP Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 x 31.4 
 Brixmor Operating Partnership LP Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 x 32.1 
 Brixmor Property Group Inc. Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 x 32.2 
 Brixmor Operating Partnership LP Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 x 
 45 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Date of Filing Exhibit Number Filed Herewith 99.1 
 Property List x 101.INS XBRL Instance Document x 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document x 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document x 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document x 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document x 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document x 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and included in Exhibit 101) x 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 46 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrants have duly caused this report to be signed on their behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 BRIXMOR PROPERTY GROUP INC. Date: February 13, 2023 By: /s/ James M. Taylor James M. Taylor Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) BRIXMOR OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP Date: February 13, 2023 By: /s/ James M. Taylor James M. Taylor Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Date: February 13, 2023 By: /s/ James M. Taylor James M. Taylor Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer, Director, Sole Director of Sole Member of General Partner of Operating Partnership) Date: February 13, 2023 By: /s/ Angela Aman Angela Aman Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date: February 13, 2023 By: /s/ Steven Gallagher Steven Gallagher Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) Date: February 13, 2023 By: /s/ John G. Schreiber John G. Schreiber Chairman of the Board of Directors Date: February 13, 2023 By: /s/ Michael Berman Michael Berman Director Date: February 13, 2023 By: /s/ Sheryl M. Crosland Sheryl M. Crosland Director Date: February 13, 2023 By: /s/ Thomas W. Dickson Thomas W. Dickson Director Date: February 13, 2023 By: /s/ Daniel B. Hurwitz Daniel B. Hurwitz Director Date: February 13, 2023 By: /s/ William D. Rahm William D. Rahm Director Date: February 13, 2023 By: /s/ Juliann Bowerman Juliann Bowerman Director Date: February 13, 2023 By: /s/ Sandra A. J. Lawrence Sandra A. J. Lawrence Director 
 47 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AND 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 Form 10-K Page 1 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F- 2 
 Brixmor Property Group Inc.: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F- 9 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F- 10 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F- 11 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F- 12 
 Brixmor Operating Partnership LP: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F- 13 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F- 14 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F- 15 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Capital for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F- 16 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F- 17 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F- 18 
 2 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts F- 39 
 Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation F- 40 
 All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 
 F-1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Brixmor Property Group Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Brixmor Property Group Inc. and Subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedules listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 13, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Impairment of Real Estate Assets - Refer to Note 1 and Note 5 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 Management periodically assesses whether there are any indicators, including property operating performance, changes in anticipated hold period, and general market conditions, that the carrying value of the Company s real estate assets (including any related intangible assets or liabilities) may be impaired. If an indicator is identified, a real estate asset is considered impaired only if management s estimate of aggregate future undiscounted and unleveraged property operating cash flows, taking into account the anticipated probability-weighted hold period, is less than the carrying value of the property. Various factors are considered in the estimation process, including the anticipated hold period, current and/or future reinvestment projects, and the effects of demand and competition on future operating income and/or property values. Changes in any estimates and/or assumptions, particularly the anticipated hold period, could have a material impact on the projected operating cash flows. If management determines that the carrying value of a real estate asset is impaired, an impairment charge is recognized to reflect the estimated fair value. 
 F-2 

The Company utilizes estimates and assumptions when determining potential impairments based on the asset s projected operating cash flows. We identified management s estimate of anticipated hold period for the properties evaluated for impairment as a critical audit matter because of the significance of the estimate within management s evaluation of the recoverability of real estate assets. Changes in the anticipated hold period could have a material impact on the projected operating cash flows and the amount of recorded impairment charge(s). This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s assessment of expected remaining hold period. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to management s estimates in determining the impairment of real estate asset values included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over management s impairment analysis, including controls over the estimate of the anticipated hold period of real estate assets. 
 We evaluated the Company s estimate of hold periods by: 
 Performing a retrospective analysis to compare historical estimates for real estate assets that have subsequently been disposed. 
 Obtaining and evaluating financial and operational evidence of the assumption of the anticipated hold period. 
 
 /s/ 

February 13, 2023 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2015. 

F-3 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Brixmor Property Group Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Brixmor Property Group Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 13, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 February 13, 2023 
 F-4 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Partners and the Board of Directors of Brixmor Operating Partnership LP 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Brixmor Operating Partnership LP and Subsidiaries (the "Operating Partnership") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedules listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Operating Partnership as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Operating Partnership's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 13, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Operating Partnership's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Operating Partnership's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Operating Partnership s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Operating Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Impairment of Real Estate Assets - Refer to Note 1 and Note 5 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 Management periodically assesses whether there are any indicators, including property operating performance, changes in anticipated hold period, and general market conditions, that the carrying value of the Operating Partnership s real estate assets (including any related intangible assets or liabilities) may be impaired. If an indicator is identified, a real estate asset is considered impaired only if management s estimate of aggregate future undiscounted and unleveraged property operating cash flows, taking into account the anticipated probability-weighted hold period, is less than the carrying value of the property. Various factors are considered in the estimation process, including the anticipated hold period, current and/or future reinvestment projects, and the effects of demand and competition on future operating income and/or property values. Changes in any estimates and/or assumptions, particularly the anticipated hold period, could have a material impact on the projected operating cash flows. If management determines that the carrying value of a real estate asset is impaired, an impairment charge is recognized to reflect the estimated fair value. 
 F-5 

The Operating Partnership utilizes estimates and assumptions when determining potential impairments based on the asset s projected operating cash flows. We identified management s estimate of anticipated hold period for the properties evaluated for impairment as a critical audit matter because of the significance of the estimate within management s evaluation of the recoverability of real estate assets. Changes in the anticipated hold period could have a material impact on the projected operating cash flows and the amount of recorded impairment charge(s). This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s assessment of expected remaining hold period. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to management s estimates in determining the impairment of real estate asset values included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over management s impairment analysis, including controls over the estimate of the anticipated hold period of real estate assets. 
 We evaluated the Operating Partnership s estimate of hold periods by: 
 Performing a retrospective analysis to compare historical estimates for real estate assets that have subsequently been disposed. 
 Obtaining and evaluating financial and operational evidence of the assumption of the anticipated hold period. 
 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 February 13, 2023 
 We have served as the Operating Partnership s auditor since 2015. 

F-6 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Partners and the Board of Directors of Brixmor Operating Partnership LP 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Brixmor Operating Partnership LP and Subsidiaries (the Operating Partnership as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Operating Partnership maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Operating Partnership and our report dated February 13, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Operating Partnership s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Operating Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 February 13, 2023 
 
 F-7 

BRIXMOR PROPERTY GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands, except share information) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Real estate 
 Land Buildings and improvements Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Real estate, net Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Marketable securities Receivables, net Deferred charges and prepaid expenses, net Real estate assets held for sale Other assets Total assets Liabilities Debt obligations, net Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 15) Equity Common stock, par value; authorized shares; and 
 shares issued and and shares outstanding 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Distributions in excess of net income ) ) Total equity Total liabilities and equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-8 

BRIXMOR PROPERTY GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (in thousands, except per share data) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Rental income Other revenues Total revenues Operating expenses Operating costs Real estate taxes Depreciation and amortization Impairment of real estate assets General and administrative Total operating expenses Other income (expense) Dividends and interest Interest expense ) ) ) Gain on sale of real estate assets Loss on extinguishment of debt, net ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Total other expense ) ) ) Net income Net income per common share: Basic Diluted Weighted average shares: Basic Diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-9 

BRIXMOR PROPERTY GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Change in unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate swaps, net (Note 6) ) Change in unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-10 

BRIXMOR PROPERTY GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Common Stock Number Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Distributions in Excess of Net Income Total Beginning balance, January 1, 2020 ) ) Common stock dividends per common share) 
 ) ) Equity compensation expense Other comprehensive loss ) ) Issuance of common stock Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Share-based awards retained for taxes ) ) Net income Ending balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) Common stock dividends per common share) 
 ) ) Equity compensation expense Other comprehensive loss Issuance of common stock Share-based awards retained for taxes ) ) Net income Ending balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) Common stock dividends per common share) 
 ) ) Equity compensation expense Other comprehensive income Issuance of common stock Share-based awards retained for taxes ) ) Net income Ending balance, December 31, 2022 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-11 

BRIXMOR PROPERTY GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Accretion of debt premium and discount, net ) ) ) Deferred financing cost amortization Accretion of above- and below-market leases, net ) ) ) Tenant inducement amortization and other Impairment of real estate assets Gain on sale of real estate assets ) ) ) Equity compensation expense, net Loss on extinguishment of debt, net Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Receivables, net ) ) Deferred charges and prepaid expenses ) ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Improvements to and investments in real estate assets ) ) ) Acquisitions of real estate assets ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of real estate assets Purchase of marketable securities ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of marketable securities Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities: Repayment of secured debt obligations ) Repayment of borrowings under unsecured revolving credit facility ) ) Proceeds from borrowings under unsecured revolving credit facility Proceeds from unsecured notes Repayment of borrowings under unsecured term loans and notes ) ) ) Deferred financing and debt extinguishment costs ) ) ) Proceeds from issuances of common shares Distributions to common stockholders ) ) ) Repurchases of common shares ) Repurchases of common shares in conjunction with equity award plans ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Reconciliation to consolidated balance sheets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest, net of amount capitalized of , and 
 State and local taxes paid The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-12 

BRIXMOR OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands, except unit information) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Real estate Land Buildings and improvements Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Real estate, net Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Marketable securities Receivables, net Deferred charges and prepaid expenses, net Real estate assets held for sale Other assets Total assets Liabilities Debt obligations, net Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 15) Capital Partnership common units; and units issued and and 
 units outstanding 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) Total capital Total liabilities and capital The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-13 

BRIXMOR OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (in thousands, except per unit data) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Rental income Other revenues Total revenues Operating expenses Operating costs Real estate taxes Depreciation and amortization Impairment of real estate assets General and administrative Total operating expenses Other income (expense) Dividends and interest Interest expense ) ) ) Gain on sale of real estate assets Loss on extinguishment of debt, net ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Total other expense ) ) ) Net income Net income per common unit: Basic Diluted Weighted average units: Basic Diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-14 

BRIXMOR OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Change in unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate swaps, net (Note 6) ) Change in unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-15 

BRIXMOR OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN CAPITAL 
 (in thousands) 
 Partnership Common Units Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Beginning balance, January 1, 2020 ) Distributions to partners ) ) Equity compensation expense Other comprehensive loss ) ) Issuance of OP Units Repurchases of OP Units ) ) Share-based awards retained for taxes ) ) Net income attributable to Brixmor Operating Partnership LP Ending balance, December 31, 2020 ) Distributions to partners ) ) Equity compensation expense Other comprehensive loss Issuance of OP Units Share-based awards retained for taxes ) ) Net income attributable to Brixmor Operating Partnership LP Ending balance, December 31, 2021 ) Distributions to partners ) ) Equity compensation expense Other comprehensive income Issuance of OP Units Share-based awards retained for taxes ) ) Net income attributable to Brixmor Operating Partnership LP Ending balance, December 31, 2022 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-16 

BRIXMOR OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Accretion of debt premium and discount, net ) ) ) Deferred financing cost amortization Accretion of above- and below-market leases, net ) ) ) Tenant inducement amortization and other Impairment of real estate assets Gain on sale of real estate assets ) ) ) Equity compensation expense, net Loss on extinguishment of debt, net Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Receivables, net ) ) Deferred charges and prepaid expenses ) ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Improvements to and investments in real estate assets ) ) ) Acquisitions of real estate assets ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of real estate assets Purchase of marketable securities ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of marketable securities Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities: Repayment of secured debt obligations ) Repayment of borrowings under unsecured revolving credit facility ) ) Proceeds from borrowings under unsecured revolving credit facility Proceeds from unsecured notes Repayment of borrowings under unsecured term loans and notes ) ) ) Deferred financing and debt extinguishment costs ) ) ) Proceeds from issuances of OP Units Partner distributions and repurchases of OP Units ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Reconciliation to consolidated balance sheets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest, net of amount capitalized of , and 
 State and local taxes paid The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-17 

BRIXMOR PROPERTY GROUP INC. AND BRIXMOR OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, unless otherwise stated) 

1. 
 of the limited liability company interests of BPG Subsidiary LLC BPG Sub ), which, in turn, is the sole member of Brixmor OP GP LLC (the General Partner ), the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. The Parent Company engages in the ownership, management, leasing, acquisition, disposition, and redevelopment of retail shopping centers through the Operating Partnership, and has no other substantial assets or liabilities other than through its investment in the Operating Partnership. The Parent Company, the Operating Partnership, and their controlled subsidiaries on a consolidated basis (collectively, the Company or Brixmor owns and operates one of the largest publicly-traded open-air retail portfolios by gross leasable area GLA in the United States U.S. ), comprised primarily of community and neighborhood shopping centers. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s portfolio was comprised of shopping centers (the Portfolio totaling approximately million square feet of GLA. The Company s high-quality national Portfolio is primarily located within established trade areas in the top 50 Core-Based Statistical Areas in the U.S., and its shopping centers are primarily anchored by non-discretionary and value-oriented retailers, as well as consumer-oriented service providers. 
 
 The Company does not distinguish its principal business or group its operations on a geographical basis for purposes of measuring performance. Accordingly, the Company has a single reportable segment for disclosure purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). 

Principles of Consolidation and Use of Estimates 
 of the EAT, controls the activities that most significantly impact the EAT s economic performance, and can collapse the reverse 1031 
 F-18 

F-19 

years 
 Furniture, fixtures, and equipment years 
 Tenant improvements 
 
 Costs to fund major replacements and betterments, which extend the life of the asset, are capitalized and depreciated over their respective useful lives, while costs for ordinary repairs and maintenance activities are expensed to Operating costs as incurred. 
 
 In situations in which a tenant s non-cancelable lease term has been modified, the Company evaluates the remaining useful lives of depreciable or amortizable assets in the asset group related to the lease (i.e., tenant improvements, above- and below-market lease intangibles, in-place lease value, and leasing commissions). Based upon consideration of the facts and circumstances surrounding the modification, the Company may accelerate the depreciation and amortization associated with the asset group. 
 
 Management periodically assesses whether there are any indicators, including property operating performance, changes in anticipated hold period, and general market conditions, that the carrying value of the Company s real estate assets (including any related intangible assets or liabilities) may be impaired. If an indicator is identified, a real estate asset is considered impaired only if management s estimate of aggregate future undiscounted and unleveraged property operating cash flows, taking into account the anticipated probability-weighted hold period, is less than the carrying value of the property. Various factors are considered in the estimation process, including the anticipated hold period, current and/or future reinvestment projects, and the effects of demand and competition on future operating income and/or property values. Changes in any estimates and/or assumptions, particularly the anticipated hold period, could have a material impact on the projected operating cash flows. If management determines that the carrying value of a real estate asset is impaired, an impairment charge is recognized to reflect the estimated fair value of the asset 
 
 When management identifies a real estate asset as held for sale, the Company discontinues depreciating the asset and estimates its sales price, net of estimated selling costs. If the estimated net sales price of an asset is less than its net carrying value, an impairment charge is recognized to reflect the estimated fair value of the asset. Properties classified as real estate held for sale represent properties that are under contract for sale and where the applicable pre-sale due diligence period has expired prior to the end of the reporting period. 

F-20 

F-21 

F-22 

2. 
 Land at Cobblestone Village St. Augustine, FL Jan-22 N/A Arboretum Village Dallas, TX Jan-22 Ravinia Plaza Orland Park, IL Feb-22 Elmhurst Crossing Elmhurst, IL Apr-22 North Riverside Plaza Berwyn, IL Apr-22 West U Marketplace Houston, TX Apr-22 Waterford Commons - Ruby Tuesday Waterford, CT May-22 Lake Pointe Village Sugarland, TX Jun-22 Adjustments related to previously acquired assets Various Various N/A 
 (1) No debt was assumed related to any of the listed acquisitions. 
 (2) Aggregate purchase price includes million of transaction costs, offset by million of closing credits. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company acquired the following assets, in separate transactions: 
 Description (1) 
 Location Month Acquired GLA Aggregate Purchase Price (2) 
 Land at Ellisville Square (3) 
 Ellisville, MO Jan-21 N/A Outparcel adjacent to Cobblestone Village St. Augustine, FL Feb-21 Land associated with Westgate Plaza Westfield, MA Mar-21 N/A Center of Bonita Springs Bonita Springs, FL Apr-21 Champlin Marketplace Champlin, MN Jun-21 Pawleys Island Plaza Pawleys Island, SC Oct-21 Granada Shoppes Naples, FL Dec-21 Kings Market Roswell, GA Dec-21 Connexion Roswell, GA Dec-21 
 (1) No debt was assumed related to any of the listed acquisitions. 
 (2) Aggregate purchase price includes million of transaction costs, offset by million of closing credits. 
 (3) The Company terminated a ground lease and acquired a land parcel. 

F-23 

Buildings Building and tenant improvements Above-market leases (1) 
 In-place leases (2) 
 Total assets Liabilities Below-market leases (3) 
 Other liabilities Total liabilities Net assets acquired 
 
 (1) The weighted average amortization period at the time of acquisition for above-market leases related to assets acquired during the year ended December 31, 2022 was years. 
 (2) The weighted average amortization period at the time of acquisition for in-place leases related to assets acquired during the year ended December 31, 2022 was years. 
 years. 

3. 
 shopping centers and partial shopping centers for aggregate net proceeds of million resulting in aggregate gain of million and aggregate impairment of million. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company resolved contingencies related to previously disposed assets and had land at shopping center seized through eminent domain for aggregate net proceeds of million, resulting in aggregate gain of million. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company disposed of shopping centers and partial shopping centers for aggregate net proceeds of million resulting in aggregate gain of million and aggregate impairment of million. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received aggregate net proceeds of less than million from previously disposed assets resulting in aggregate gain of less than million. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had property and partial properties held for sale. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had property and partial properties held for sale. There were liabilities associated with the properties classified as held for sale. 
 Buildings and improvements Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Real estate, net Other assets Assets associated with real estate assets held for sale 
 
 There were no discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 as none of the dispositions represented a strategic shift in the Company s business that would qualify as discontinued operations. 

F-24 

4. 
 Buildings and improvements: Buildings and tenant improvements Lease intangibles (1) 
 Accumulated depreciation and amortization (2) 
 ) ) Total 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Lease intangibles consisted of million and million, respectively, of in-place leases and million and million, respectively, of above-market leases. These intangible assets are amortized over the term of each related lease. 
 (2) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Accumulated depreciation and amortization included million and million, respectively, of accumulated amortization related to Lease intangibles. 
 
 In addition, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had intangible liabilities relating to below-market leases of million and million, respectively, and accumulated accretion of million and million, respectively. These intangible liabilities are included in Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. These intangible assets are accreted over the term of each related lease. 
 
 Below-market lease accretion income, net of above-market lease amortization for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. These amounts are included in Rental income on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. Amortization expense associated with in-place lease value for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. These amounts are included in Depreciation and amortization on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations.) 2024 ) 2025 ) 2026 ) 2027 ) 

5. 

F-25 

Park Hills Plaza - Excluding Outparcels (2) 
 Altoona, PA New Garden Center (2) 
 Kennett Square, PA 
 (1) The Company recognized impairment charges based upon changes in the anticipated hold periods of these properties and/or offers from third party buyers primarily in connection with the Company s capital recycling program. 
 (2) The Company disposed of this property during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company recognized the following impairments during the year ended December 31, 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Property Name (1) 
 Location GLA Impairment Charge Albany Plaza (2) 
 Albany, GA Erie Canal Centre (2) 
 DeWitt, NY 
 (1) The Company recognized impairment charges based upon changes in the anticipated hold periods of these properties and/or offers from third party buyers primarily in connection with the Company s capital recycling program. 
 (2) The Company disposed of this property during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 The Company recognized the following impairments during the year ended December 31, 2020: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Property Name (1) 
 Location GLA Impairment Charge Northmall Centre Tucson, AZ Spring Mall Greenfield, WI 30th Street Plaza (2) 
 Canton, OH Fry Road Crossing (2) 
 Katy, TX Chamberlain Plaza (2) 
 Meriden, CT The Pines Shopping Center (3) 
 Pineville, LA Parcel at Lakes Crossing (2) 
 Muskegon, MI 
 (1) The Company recognized impairment charges based upon changes in the anticipated hold periods of these properties and/or offers from third party buyers primarily in connection with the Company s capital recycling program. 
 (2) The Company disposed of this property during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 (3) The Company disposed of this property during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 The Company can provide no assurance that material impairment charges with respect to its Portfolio will not occur in future periods. See Note 3 for additional information regarding impairment charges taken in connection with the Company s dispositions. See Note 8 for additional information regarding the fair value of operating properties that have been impaired. 

6. 
 F-26 

t enter into any new interest rate swap agreements. During the year ended December 31, 2021, interest rate swaps with a notional amount of million expired and the Company paid million to terminate interest rate swaps with a notional amount of million. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company amended its interest rate swap agreements, contemporaneous with a modification of the Company's unsecured credit facility agreements, to facilitate reference rate reform, converting all outstanding swaps from the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"). As a result of these amendments, the Company has elected to apply additional expedients within ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848) related to contract modifications, changes in critical terms, and updates to the designated hedged risk(s), as qualifying changes were made to applicable debt and derivative contracts. 

The Company has elected to present its interest rate derivatives on its Consolidated Balance Sheets on a gross basis as interest rate swap assets and interest rate swap liabilities. Detail on the fair value of the Company s interest rate derivatives on a gross and net basis as of December 31, 2022 and 2020 is as follows: 
 Gross derivative liabilities ) Net derivative assets (liabilities) ) 
 
 The gross derivative assets are included in Other assets and the gross derivative liabilities are included in Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. All of the Company s outstanding interest rate swap agreements for the periods presented were designated as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk. The fair value of the Company s interest rate derivatives is determined using market standard valuation techniques, including discounted cash flow analyses on the expected cash flows of each derivative. These analyses reflect the contractual terms of the derivative, including the period to maturity, and use observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves and implied volatilities. These inputs are classified as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges is recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) and is reclassified into earnings as interest expense in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. 
 
 ) Amortization (accretion) of interest rate swaps to interest expense Change in unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate swaps, net ) 
 
 The Company estimates that million will be reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as a decrease to interest expense over the next twelve months. gain or loss was recognized related to hedge ineffectiveness or to amounts excluded from effectiveness testing on the Company s cash flow hedges during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 F-27 

7. 
 
 2024 2031 Net unamortized premium Net unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total notes payable, net 
 Unsecured Credit Facility 
 Revolving Facility 
 2026 Term Loan Facility (3) 
 2027 Net unamortized debt issuance costs 
 ) ) Total Unsecured Credit Facility and term loans 
 Total debt obligations, net 
 
 (1) Stated interest rates as of December 31, 2022 do not include the impact of the Company s interest rate swap agreements (described below). 
 (2) The weighted average stated interest rate on the Company s unsecured notes was as of December 31, 2022. 
 (3) Effective June 1, 2022, the Company has in place interest rate swap agreements that convert the variable interest rate on the million outstanding under the Term Loan Facility (defined hereafter) to a fixed, combined interest rate of (plus a spread of basis points) through July 26, 2024. 
 
 2022 Debt Transactions 
 In April 2022, the Operating Partnership amended and restated its unsecured credit facility (the "Unsecured Credit Facility"). The amendment provided for (i) revolving loan commitments of billion (the "Revolving Facility") scheduled to mature on June 30, 2026 (extending the applicable scheduled maturity date from February 28, 2023); and (ii) a continuation of the existing million term loan scheduled to mature on July 26, 2027 (extending the applicable scheduled maturity date from July 26, 2024) and a new million delayed draw term loan, scheduled to mature on July 26, 2027 (together, the "Term Loan Facility"). The Revolving Facility includes two six-month maturity extension options, the exercise of which is subject to customary conditions and the payment of a fee on the extended commitments. In addition, the floating reference rate under the Unsecured Credit Facility has been amended from LIBOR to SOFR. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Operating Partnership repaid million principal amount of its Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2022 (the "2022 Notes"), representing all of the outstanding 2022 Notes, with available cash on hand. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Operating Partnership borrowed million, net of repayments, under its billion Revolving Facility, the proceeds of which were used for general corporate purposes, including million of acquisitions, net of dispositions. 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Company s unsecured debt agreements, the Company, among other things, is subject to the maintenance of various financial covenants. The Company was in compliance with these covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 F-28 

million and million outstanding, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total debt maturities Net unamortized premium 
 Net unamortized debt issuance costs 
 ) Total debt obligations, net 
 As of the date the financial statements were issued, the Company did not have any scheduled debt maturities for the next 12 months. 

8. 
 Unsecured Credit Facility Total debt obligations, net 
 
 As a basis for considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements, a fair value hierarchy is included in GAAP that distinguishes between market participant assumptions based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity (observable inputs that are classified within Levels 1 and 2 of the hierarchy) and the reporting entity s own assumptions about market participant assumptions (unobservable inputs that are classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy). 
 
 In instances where the determination of the fair value measurement is based on inputs from different levels of the fair value hierarchy, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the entire fair value measurement falls is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, and considers factors specific to the asset or liability. 
 
 Based on the above criteria, the Company has determined that the valuations of its debt obligations are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Such fair value estimates are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that would be realized upon disposition. 
 
 Recurring Fair Value 
 The Company s marketable securities and interest rate derivatives are measured and recognized at fair value on a recurring basis. The valuations of the Company s marketable securities are based primarily on publicly traded market values in active markets and are classified within Levels 1 and 2 of the fair value hierarchy. See Note 6 for fair value information regarding the Company s interest rate derivatives. 

F-29 

Interest rate derivatives Liabilities: Interest rate derivatives Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, 2021 Balance Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Assets: Marketable securities (1) 
 Liabilities: Interest rate derivatives ) ) 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, marketable securities included million and million of net unrealized losses, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the contractual maturities of the Company s marketable securities are within the next five years. 
 
 Non-Recurring Fair Value 
 Management periodically assesses whether there are any indicators, including property operating performance, changes in anticipated hold period, and general market conditions, that the carrying value of the Company s real estate assets (including any related intangible assets or liabilities) may be impaired. Fair value is determined by offers from third party buyers, market comparable data, third party appraisals, or discounted cash flow analyses. The cash flows utilized in such analyses are comprised of unobservable inputs that include forecasted rental revenue and expenses based upon market conditions and future expectations. The capitalization rates and discount rates utilized in such analyses are based upon unobservable rates that the Company believes to be within a reasonable range of current market rates for the respective properties. Based on these inputs, the Company has determined that the valuations of these properties are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, no properties were remeasured to fair value as a result of impairment testing that were not sold prior to December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

9. 
 The Company s retail shopping center leases generally require tenants to pay a portion of property operating expenses such as common area expenses, utilities, insurance, and real estate taxes, and certain capital expenditures related to the maintenance of the Company s properties. 

F-30 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 The Company recognized million, million, and million of rental income based on percentage rents for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. These amounts are included in Rental income on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, receivables associated with the effects of recognizing rental income on a straight-line basis were million and million, respectively. 

F-31 

10. 
 to or more years, with certain agreements containing renewal options for up to an additional years. Upon lease execution, the Company recognizes an operating lease ROU asset and an operating lease liability based on the present value of the minimum lease payments over the non-cancelable lease term. As of December 31, 2022 the Company is not including any prospective renewal or termination options in its ROU assets or lease liabilities, as the exercise of such options is not reasonably certain. Certain agreements require the Company to pay a portion of property operating expenses, such as common area expenses, utilities, insurance, and real estate taxes, and certain capital expenditures related to the maintenance of the properties. These payments are not included in the calculation of the lease liability and are presented as variable lease costs. 
 Short-term lease costs Variable lease costs Total lease costs Year Ended December 31, Supplemental Statements of Cash Flows Information 2022 2021 2020 Operating cash outflows from operating leases ROU assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities ROU assets reduction due to dispositions, held for sale, and lease modifications ) ) ) Operating Lease Liabilities As of December 31, 2022 Future minimum operating lease payments: 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum operating lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Operating lease liabilities As of December 31, Supplemental Balance Sheets Information 2022 2021 Operating lease liabilities (1)(2) 
 ROU assets (1)(3) 
 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the weighted average remaining lease term was years and years, respectively, and the weighted average discount rate was and , respectively. 
 (2) These amounts are included in Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (3) These amounts are included in Other assets on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were no material leases that have been executed but not yet commenced. 

F-32 

11. 
 million of its common stock through sales agents. The ATM Program also provides that the Company may enter into forward contracts for shares of its common stock with forward sellers and forward purchasers. The ATM Program is scheduled to expire on November 1, 2025, unless earlier terminated or extended by the Company's board of directors, sales agents, forward sellers, and forward purchasers. The ATM Program replaced the Company's prior at-the-market equity offering program (the "Prior ATM Program"), which was scheduled to expire on January 9, 2023. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued million shares of common stock under the Prior ATM Program at an average price per share of for total gross proceeds of million, excluding commissions. The Company incurred commissions of million in conjunction with the Prior ATM Program for the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued million shares of common stock under the Prior ATM Program at an average price per share of for total gross proceeds of million, excluding commissions. The Company incurred commissions of million in conjunction with the Prior ATM Program for the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company did not issue any shares of common stock under the Prior ATM Program. As of December 31, 2022, million of common stock remained available for issuance under the ATM Program. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 In November 2022, the Company established a new share repurchase program (the Repurchase Program for up to million of its common stock. The Repurchase Program is scheduled to expire on November 1, 2025, unless suspended or extended by the Company's board of directors. The Repurchase Program replaced the Company s prior share repurchase program (the Prior Repurchase Program ), which was scheduled to expire on January 9, 2023. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company did not repurchase any shares of common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company repurchased million shares of common stock under the Prior Repurchase Program at an average price per share of for a total of million, excluding commissions. The Company incurred commissions of less than million in conjunction with the Prior Repurchase Program for the year ended December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2022, the Repurchase Program had million of available repurchase capacity. 
 
 Common Stock 
 In connection with the vesting of restricted stock units RSUs under the Company s equity-based compensation plan, the Company withholds shares to satisfy tax withholding obligations. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company withheld million and million shares of its common stock, respectively. 
 
 Dividends and Distributions 
 Because Brixmor Property Group Inc. is a holding company and has no material assets other than its ownership of BPG Sub, through which it owns the Operating Partnership, and no material operations other than those conducted by the Operating Partnership, distributions are funded as follows: 
 
 first, the Operating Partnership makes distributions to its partners that are holders of OP Units, including BPG Sub; 
 second, BPG Sub distributes to Brixmor Property Group Inc. its share of such distributions; and 
 third, Brixmor Property Group Inc. distributes the amount authorized by the Company's board of directors and declared by Brixmor Property Group Inc. to its common stockholders on a pro rata basis. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company's board of directors declared common stock dividends and OP Unit distributions of per share/unit, per share/unit, and per share/unit, respectively. In response to COVID-19, the Company's board of directors suspended the dividend in the second and third quarters of 2020. In the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company's board of directors resumed the dividend at a rate of per common share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had declared but unpaid common stock dividends and OP Unit distributions of million and million, respectively. These amounts are included in Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 F-33 

12. 
 million shares of the Company s common stock to be issued for qualified and non-qualified options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, RSUs, OP Units, performance awards, and other stock-based awards. Prior to the approval of the Plan, awards were issued under the 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan that the Company's board of directors approved in 2013. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company granted RSUs to certain employees. The RSUs are divided into multiple tranches, which are all subject to service-based vesting conditions. Certain tranches are also subject to performance-based criteria that are not market-based or performance-based criteria that are market-based, and contain a threshold, target, above target, and maximum number of units that can be earned. The number of units actually earned for each tranche is determined based on performance over a specified performance period. Tranches that only have a service-based component can only earn a target number of units. The aggregate number of RSUs granted, assuming the achievement of target level performance, was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, with vesting periods ranging from one to . For grants of service-based RSUs and performance-based RSUs that are not market-based, fair value is based on the Company s grant date stock price. 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Weighted average risk-free interest rate - 
 - 
 - 1.30 
 Weighted average common stock dividend yield - 
 - 
 - 6.0 

Vested ) ) Granted Forfeited ) ) Outstanding, December 31, 2020 Vested ) ) Granted Forfeited ) ) Outstanding, December 31, 2021 Vested ) ) Granted Forfeited ) ) Outstanding, December 31, 2022 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recognized million, million, and million of equity compensation expense, respectively, of which million, million, and million was capitalized, respectively. These amounts are included in General and administrative expense on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock compensation, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. 
 
 F-34 

13. 
 Non-forfeitable dividends on unvested restricted shares ) ) ) Net income attributable to the Company s common stockholders for basic earnings per share Weighted average shares outstanding basic Basic earnings per share attributable to the Company s common stockholders: Net income per share Computation of Diluted Earnings Per Share: Net income attributable to the Company s common stockholders for diluted earnings per share Weighted average shares outstanding basic Effect of dilutive securities: Equity awards Weighted average shares outstanding diluted Diluted earnings per share attributable to the Company s common stockholders: Net income per share 
 
 F-35 

14. 
 Non-forfeitable dividends on unvested restricted units ) ) ) Net income attributable to the Operating Partnership s common units for basic earnings per unit Weighted average common units outstanding basic Basic earnings per unit attributable to the Operating Partnership s common units: Net income per unit Computation of Diluted Earnings Per Unit: Net income attributable to the Operating Partnership s common units for diluted earnings per unit Weighted average common units outstanding basic Effect of dilutive securities: Equity awards Weighted average common units outstanding diluted Diluted earnings per unit attributable to the Operating Partnership s common units: Net income per unit 
 
 F-36 

15. 
 Incurred related to: Current year Prior years ) ) Total incurred Paid related to: Current year ) Prior years ) ) Total paid ) ) Balance at the end of the year 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 Under various federal, state, and local laws, ordinances, and regulations, the Company may be or become liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances released on or in the Company s properties or disposed of by the Company or its tenants, as well as certain other potential costs that could relate to hazardous or toxic substances (including governmental fines and injuries to persons and property). The Company maintains a reserve for currently known environmental matters and does not believe they will have a material impact on the Company s financial condition, operating results, or cash flows. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company did t incur any material governmental fines resulting from environmental matters. 

F-37 

16. 
 million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. These amounts are included in Other on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. See Note 1 for additional information regarding the Company s income taxes and the Parent Company's REIT status. 

17. 
 material receivables from or payables to related parties. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company did t engage in any material related-party transactions. 

18. 
 of the employee s eligible compensation. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company s expense for the Savings Plan was million, million, and million, respectively. These amounts are included in General and administrative on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

19. 

20. 
 
 F-38 

BRIXMOR PROPERTY GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 SCHEDULE II VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
 
 None. 
 F-39 

BRIXMOR PROPERTY GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 ) 2004 Jun-11 Northmall Centre Tucson, AZ ) ) 1996 Jun-11 Bakersfield Plaza Bakersfield, CA ) 1970 Jun-11 Brea Gateway Brea, CA ) 1994 Jan-22 Carmen Plaza Camarillo, CA ) 2000 Jun-11 Plaza Rio Vista Cathedral, CA ) 2005 Oct-13 Cudahy Plaza Cudahy, CA ) 2021 Jun-11 The Davis Collection Davis, CA ) 1964 Jun-11 Felicita Plaza Escondido, CA ) 2001 Jun-11 Felicita Town Center Escondido, CA ) 1987 Dec-16 Arbor - Broadway Faire Fresno, CA ) 1995 Jun-11 Lompoc Center Lompoc, CA ) 1960 Jun-11 Briggsmore Plaza Modesto, CA ) 1998 Jun-11 Montebello Plaza Montebello, CA ) 1974 Jun-11 California Oaks Center Murrieta, CA ) 1990 Jun-11 Pacoima Center Pacoima, CA ) 1995 Jun-11 Metro 580 Pleasanton, CA ) 1996 Jun-11 Rose Pavilion Pleasanton, CA ) 2019 Jun-11 Puente Hills Town Center Rowland Heights, CA ) 1984 Jun-11 Ocean View Plaza San Clemente, CA ) 1990 Jun-11 Plaza By The Sea San Clemente, CA ) 1976 Dec-17 Village at Mira Mesa (6) 
 San Diego, CA ) 2023 Jun-11 San Dimas Plaza San Dimas, CA ) 1986 Jun-11 Bristol Plaza Santa Ana, CA ) 2003 Jun-11 Gateway Plaza Santa Fe Springs, CA ) 2002 Jun-11 Santa Paula Center Santa Paula, CA ) 1995 Jun-11 Vail Ranch Center (6) 
 Temecula, CA ) 2023 Jun-11 Country Hills Shopping Center Torrance, CA ) ) 1977 Jun-11 Upland Town Square Upland, CA ) 1994 Nov-17 Gateway Plaza - Vallejo (6) 
 Vallejo, CA ) 2023 Jun-11 Arvada Plaza Arvada, CO ) 1994 Jun-11 Arapahoe Crossings Aurora, CO ) 1996 Jul-13 Aurora Plaza Aurora, CO ) 1996 Jun-11 Villa Monaco Denver, CO ) 1978 Jun-11 Centennial Shopping Center Englewood, CO ) 2013 Apr-19 Superior Marketplace Superior, CO ) 1997 Jun-11 Westminster City Center (6) 
 Westminster, CO ) 2023 Jun-11 The Shoppes at Fox Run Glastonbury, CT ) 1974 Jun-11 Groton Square Groton, CT ) 1987 Jun-11 Parkway Plaza Hamden, CT ) 2006 Jun-11 The Manchester Collection Manchester, CT ) ) 2001 Jun-11 Turnpike Plaza Newington, CT ) ) 2004 Jun-11 North Haven Crossing North Haven, CT ) 1993 Jun-11 Christmas Tree Plaza Orange, CT ) 1996 Jun-11 Stratford Square Stratford, CT ) 1984 Jun-11 Waterbury Plaza Waterbury, CT ) 2000 Jun-11 Waterford Commons Waterford, CT ) 2004 Jun-11 Center of Bonita Springs Bonita Springs, FL ) 2014 Apr-21 Coastal Way - Coastal Landing Brooksville, FL ) 2008 Jun-11 Clearwater Mall Clearwater, FL ) 1973 Jun-11 Coconut Creek Plaza Coconut Creek, FL ) 2005 Jun-11 Century Plaza Shopping Center Deerfield Beach, FL ) 2006 Jun-11 Northgate Shopping Center DeLand, FL ) 1993 Jun-11 Sun Plaza Fort Walton Beach, FL ) 2004 Jun-11 Normandy Square Jacksonville, FL ) 1996 Jun-11 Regency Park Shopping Center Jacksonville, FL ) 1985 Jun-11 Ventura Downs Kissimmee, FL ) 2018 Jun-11 Marketplace at Wycliffe Lake Worth, FL ) ) 2002 Jun-11 Venetian Isle Shopping Ctr Lighthouse Point, FL ) 1992 Jun-11 Marco Town Center (6) 
 Marco Island, FL ) 2023 Oct-13 Mall at 163rd Street Miami, FL ) 2007 Jun-11 Shops at Palm Lakes (6) 
 Miami, FL ) 2023 Jun-11 
 F-40 

) 2021 Jun-11 Granada Shoppes Naples, FL ) 2011 Dec-21 Naples Plaza Naples, FL ) 2013 Jun-11 Park Shore Plaza Naples, FL ) 2017 Jun-11 Chelsea Place New Port Richey, FL ) 1992 Oct-13 Presidential Plaza West North Lauderdale, FL ) 2006 Jun-11 Colonial Marketplace Orlando, FL ) 1986 Jun-11 Conway Crossing Orlando, FL ) 2002 Oct-13 Hunter's Creek Plaza Orlando, FL ) 1998 Oct-13 Pointe Orlando (6) 
 Orlando, FL ) 2023 Jun-11 Martin Downs Town Center Palm City, FL ) 1996 Oct-13 Martin Downs Village Center Palm City, FL ) 1987 Jun-11 23rd Street Station Panama City, FL ) 1995 Jun-11 Panama City Square Panama City, FL ) 1989 Jun-11 East Port Plaza (6) 
 Port St. Lucie, FL ) 2023 Oct-13 Shoppes of Victoria Square Port St. Lucie, FL ) 1990 Jun-11 Lake St. Charles Riverview, FL ) 1999 Oct-13 Cobblestone Village Royal Palm Beach, FL ) 2005 Jun-11 Beneva Village Shoppes Sarasota, FL ) 2020 Oct-13 Sarasota Village Sarasota, FL ) 1972 Jun-11 Atlantic Plaza Satellite Beach, FL ) 2008 Jun-11 Seminole Plaza Seminole, FL ) 2020 Jun-11 Cobblestone Village St. Augustine, FL ) 2003 Jun-11 Dolphin Village St. Pete Beach, FL ) 1990 Oct-13 Rutland Plaza St. Petersburg, FL ) 2002 Jun-11 Tyrone Gardens (6) 
 St. Petersburg, FL ) 2023 Jun-11 Downtown Publix Stuart, FL ) 2000 Jun-11 Sunrise Town Center Sunrise, FL ) ) 1989 Oct-13 Carrollwood Center Tampa, FL ) 2002 Oct-13 Ross Plaza Tampa, FL ) ) 1996 Oct-13 Tarpon Mall Tarpon Springs, FL ) 2003 Jun-11 Venice Plaza Venice, FL ) 1999 Oct-13 Venice Shopping Center Venice, FL ) 2000 Oct-13 Venice Village Venice, FL ) 2022 Nov-17 Mansell Crossing Alpharetta, GA ) ) 1993 Jun-11 Northeast Plaza Atlanta, GA ) 1952 Jun-11 Augusta West Plaza Augusta, GA ) ) 2006 Jun-11 Sweetwater Village Austell, GA ) 1985 Jun-11 Vineyards at Chateau Elan Braselton, GA ) 2002 Oct-13 Salem Road Station Covington, GA ) 2000 Oct-13 Keith Bridge Commons Cumming, GA ) 2002 Oct-13 Northside Dalton, GA ) 2001 Jun-11 Cosby Station Douglasville, GA ) 1994 Jun-11 Park Plaza Douglasville, GA ) 1986 Jun-11 Venture Pointe Duluth, GA ) 1995 Jun-11 Banks Station Fayetteville, GA ) 2006 Jun-11 Barrett Place Kennesaw, GA ) 1992 Jun-11 Shops of Huntcrest Lawrenceville, GA ) 2003 Oct-13 Mableton Walk Mableton, GA ) 1994 Jun-11 The Village at Mableton (6) 
 Mableton, GA ) 2023 Jun-11 Eastlake Plaza Marietta, GA ) 1982 Jun-11 New Chastain Corners Marietta, GA ) 2004 Jun-11 Pavilions at Eastlake Marietta, GA ) 1996 Jun-11 Creekwood Village Rex, GA ) 1990 Jun-11 Connexion Roswell, GA ) 2016 Dec-21 Holcomb Bridge Crossing Roswell, GA ) 1988 Jun-11 Kings Market Roswell, GA ) 2005 Dec-21 Victory Square Savannah, GA ) 2007 Jun-11 Stockbridge Village Stockbridge, GA ) 2008 Jun-11 Stone Mountain Festival Stone Mountain, GA ) ) 2006 Jun-11 Wilmington Island Wilmington Island, GA ) 1985 Oct-13 Haymarket Square Des Moines, IA ) 1979 Jun-11 Annex of Arlington Arlington Heights, IL ) 1999 Jun-11 Ridge Plaza Arlington Heights, IL ) 2000 Jun-11 Southfield Plaza Bridgeview, IL ) 2006 Jun-11 Commons of Chicago Ridge Chicago Ridge, IL ) 1998 Jun-11 
 F-41 

) 1992 Jun-11 The Commons of Crystal Lake Crystal Lake, IL ) 1987 Jun-11 Elk Grove Town Center Elk Grove Village, IL ) ) 1998 Jun-11 Elmhurst Crossing Elmhurst, IL ) 2005 Apr-22 The Quentin Collection Kildeer, IL ) 2006 Jun-11 Butterfield Square Libertyville, IL ) 1997 Jun-11 High Point Centre Lombard, IL ) 2019 Jun-11 Long Meadow Commons Mundelein, IL ) 1997 Jun-11 Westridge Court Naperville, IL ) 1992 Jun-11 North Riverside Plaza North Riverside, IL ) 2007 Apr-22 Ravinia Plaza Orland Park, IL ) 1990 Feb-22 Rollins Crossing Round Lake Beach, IL ) 1998 Jun-11 Tinley Park Plaza Tinley Park, IL ) 2022 Jun-11 Meridian Village Carmel, IN ) 1990 Jun-11 Columbus Center Columbus, IN ) 1964 Jun-11 Market Centre Goshen, IN ) 1994 Jun-11 Speedway Super Center Speedway, IN ) 2022 Jun-11 Sagamore Park Centre West Lafayette, IN ) 2018 Jun-11 Westchester Square Lenexa, KS ) 1987 Jun-11 West Loop Shopping Center Manhattan, KS ) 2013 Jun-11 North Dixie Plaza Elizabethtown, KY ) ) 1992 Jun-11 Florence Plaza - Florence Square Florence, KY ) 2014 Jun-11 Jeffersontown Commons Jeffersontown, KY ) ) 1959 Jun-11 London Marketplace London, KY ) 1994 Jun-11 Eastgate Shopping Center Louisville, KY ) 2002 Jun-11 Plainview Village Louisville, KY ) 1997 Jun-11 Stony Brook I II Louisville, KY ) 1988 Jun-11 Points West Plaza Brockton, MA ) 1960 Jun-11 Burlington Square I, II III Burlington, MA ) 1992 Jun-11 Holyoke Shopping Center Holyoke, MA ) 2000 Jun-11 WaterTower Plaza (6) 
 Leominster, MA ) 2023 Jun-11 Lunenberg Crossing Lunenburg, MA ) 1994 Jun-11 Lynn Marketplace Lynn, MA ) 1968 Jun-11 Webster Square Shopping Center Marshfield, MA ) 2005 Jun-15 Berkshire Crossing Pittsfield, MA ) ) 1994 Jun-11 Westgate Plaza Westfield, MA ) 1996 Jun-11 Perkins Farm Marketplace Worcester, MA ) 1967 Jun-11 South Plaza Shopping Center California, MD ) 2005 Oct-13 Fox Run Prince Frederick, MD ) 2022 Jun-11 Pine Tree Shopping Center Portland, ME ) 1958 Jun-11 Arborland Center Ann Arbor, MI ) 2000 Mar-17 Maple Village Ann Arbor, MI ) 2020 Jun-11 Grand Crossing Brighton, MI ) 2005 Jun-11 Farmington Crossroads Farmington, MI ) 1986 Jun-11 Silver Pointe Shopping Center Fenton, MI ) 1996 Jun-11 Cascade East Grand Rapids, MI ) 1983 Jun-11 Delta Center Lansing, MI ) ) 1985 Jun-11 Lakes Crossing Muskegon, MI ) 2008 Jun-11 Redford Plaza Redford, MI ) 1992 Jun-11 Hampton Village Centre Rochester Hills, MI ) 2004 Jun-11 Southfield Plaza Southfield, MI ) 1970 Jun-11 18 Ryan Sterling Heights, MI ) ) 1997 Jun-11 Delco Plaza Sterling Heights, MI ) 1996 Jun-11 West Ridge Westland, MI ) 1989 Jun-11 Washtenaw Fountain Plaza Ypsilanti, MI ) 2005 Jun-11 Southport Centre I - VI Apple Valley, MN ) 1985 Jun-11 Champlin Marketplace Champlin, MN ) 2005 Jun-21 Burning Tree Plaza Duluth, MN ) 1987 Jun-11 Westwind Plaza Minnetonka, MN ) 2007 Jun-11 Richfield Hub Richfield, MN ) 1952 Jun-11 Roseville Center Roseville, MN ) 2021 Jun-11 Marketplace @ 42 Savage, MN ) 1999 Jun-11 Sun Ray Shopping Center St. Paul, MN ) 1958 Jun-11 White Bear Hills Shopping Center White Bear Lake, MN ) 1996 Jun-11 Ellisville Square Ellisville, MO ) 1989 Jun-11 Watts Mill Plaza Kansas City, MO ) 1997 Jun-11 
 F-42 

) 1987 Jun-11 Maplewood Square Maplewood, MO ) 1998 Jun-11 Devonshire Place Cary, NC ) 1996 Jun-11 McMullen Creek Market Charlotte, NC ) 1988 Jun-11 The Commons at Chancellor Park Charlotte, NC ) 1994 Jun-11 Garner Towne Square Garner, NC ) 1997 Oct-13 Franklin Square Gastonia, NC ) 1989 Jun-11 Wendover Place Greensboro, NC ) 2000 Jun-11 University Commons Greenville, NC ) 1996 Jun-11 Kinston Pointe Kinston, NC ) 2001 Jun-11 Roxboro Square Roxboro, NC ) 2005 Jun-11 Innes Street Market Salisbury, NC ) 2002 Jun-11 Crossroads Statesville, NC ) ) 1997 Jun-11 New Centre Market Wilmington, NC ) 1998 Jun-11 University Commons Wilmington, NC ) 2007 Jun-11 Parkway Plaza Winston-Salem, NC ) 2005 Jun-11 Stratford Commons Winston-Salem, NC ) 1995 Jun-11 Bedford Grove Bedford, NH ) 1989 Jun-11 Capitol Shopping Center Concord, NH ) 2001 Jun-11 Willow Springs Plaza Nashua, NH ) ) 1990 Jun-11 Seacoast Shopping Center Seabrook, NH ) 1991 Jun-11 Tri-City Plaza Somersworth, NH ) 1990 Jun-11 Laurel Square (6) 
 Brick, NJ ) 2023 Jun-11 the Shoppes at Cinnaminson Cinnaminson, NJ ) 2010 Jun-11 Acme Clark Clark, NJ ) 2007 Jun-11 Collegetown Shopping Center Glassboro, NJ ) 2021 Jun-11 Hamilton Plaza Hamilton, NJ ) 1972 Jun-11 Bennetts Mills Plaza Jackson, NJ ) 2002 Jun-11 Marlton Crossing Marlton, NJ ) 2019 Jun-11 Middletown Plaza Middletown, NJ ) ) 2001 Jun-11 Larchmont Centre Mount Laurel, NJ ) 1985 Jun-15 Old Bridge Gateway Old Bridge, NJ ) 2022 Jun-11 Morris Hills Shopping Center Parsippany, NJ ) 1994 Jun-11 Rio Grande Plaza Rio Grande, NJ ) 1997 Jun-11 Ocean Heights Plaza Somers Point, NJ ) 2006 Jun-11 Springfield Place Springfield, NJ ) 1965 Jun-11 Tinton Falls Plaza Tinton Falls, NJ ) 2006 Jun-11 Cross Keys Commons Turnersville, NJ ) 1989 Jun-11 Parkway Plaza Carle Place, NY ) 1993 Jun-11 Suffolk Plaza East Setauket, NY ) 1998 Jun-11 Three Village Shopping Center East Setauket, NY ) 1991 Jun-11 Stewart Plaza Garden City, NY ) 2022 Jun-11 Dalewood I, II III Shopping Center (6) 
 Hartsdale, NY ) 2023 Jun-11 Unity Plaza East Fishkill, NY ) 2005 Jun-11 Cayuga Mall Ithaca, NY ) 1969 Jun-11 Kings Park Plaza Kings Park, NY ) 1985 Jun-11 Village Square Shopping Center Larchmont, NY ) 1981 Jun-11 Falcaro's Plaza Lawrence, NY ) 1972 Jun-11 Mamaroneck Centre Mamaroneck, NY ) 2020 Jun-11 Sunshine Square Medford, NY ) 2007 Jun-11 Wallkill Plaza Middletown, NY ) 1986 Jun-11 Monroe ShopRite Plaza Monroe, NY ) 1985 Jun-11 Rockland Plaza Nanuet, NY ) 2006 Jun-11 North Ridge Shopping Center New Rochelle, NY ) 1971 Jun-11 Nesconset Shopping Center Port Jefferson Station, NY ) 1961 Jun-11 Riverhead Riverhead, NY ) 2018 Jun-11 Roanoke Plaza Riverhead, NY ) 2002 Jun-11 Rockville Centre Rockville Centre, NY ) 1975 Jun-11 College Plaza Selden, NY ) 2013 Jun-11 Campus Plaza Vestal, NY ) 2003 Jun-11 Parkway Plaza Vestal, NY ) ) 1995 Jun-11 Shoppes at Vestal Vestal, NY ) 2000 Jun-11 Town Square Mall Vestal, NY ) 1991 Jun-11 Highridge Plaza Yonkers, NY ) 1977 Jun-11 Brunswick Town Center Brunswick, OH ) 2004 Jun-11 Brentwood Plaza Cincinnati, OH ) 2004 Jun-11 
 F-43 

) 1973 Jun-11 Harpers Station Cincinnati, OH ) 1994 Jun-11 Western Hills Plaza Cincinnati, OH ) 2021 Jun-11 Western Village Cincinnati, OH ) 2005 Jun-11 Crown Point Columbus, OH ) 1980 Jun-11 Greentree Shopping Center Columbus, OH ) 2005 Jun-11 South Towne Centre Dayton, OH ) 1972 Jun-11 Southland Shopping Center Middleburg Heights, OH ) ) 1951 Jun-11 The Shoppes at North Olmsted North Olmsted, OH ) ) 2002 Jun-11 Surrey Square Mall Norwood, OH ) 2010 Jun-11 Miracle Mile Shopping Plaza Toledo, OH ) 1955 Jun-11 Marketplace Tulsa, OK ) 1992 Jun-11 Village West Allentown, PA ) 1999 Jun-11 Park Hills Plaza Altoona, PA ) ) 1985 Jun-11 Bethel Park Shopping Center Bethel Park, PA ) 1965 Jun-11 Lehigh Shopping Center Bethlehem, PA ) 1955 Jun-11 Bristol Park Bristol, PA ) 1993 Jun-11 Chalfont Village Shopping Center Chalfont, PA ) ) 1989 Jun-11 New Britain Village Square Chalfont, PA ) 1989 Jun-11 Collegeville Shopping Center Collegeville, PA ) 2020 Jun-11 Plymouth Square Shopping Center (6) 
 Conshohocken, PA ) 2023 May-19 Whitemarsh Shopping Center Conshohocken, PA ) 2002 Jun-11 Valley Fair Devon, PA ) ) 2001 Jun-11 Dickson City Crossings (6) 
 Dickson City, PA ) 2023 Jun-11 Barn Plaza Doylestown, PA ) 2002 Jun-11 Pilgrim Gardens Drexel Hill, PA ) 1955 Jun-11 North Penn Market Place Lansdale, PA ) 1977 Jun-11 Village at Newtown Newtown, PA ) 2021 Jun-11 Ivyridge Philadelphia, PA ) ) 1963 Jun-11 Roosevelt Mall Philadelphia, PA ) 2020 Jun-11 Shoppes at Valley Forge Phoenixville, PA ) 2003 Jun-11 County Line Plaza Souderton, PA ) 1971 Jun-11 69th Street Plaza Upper Darby, PA ) 1994 Jun-11 Warminster Towne Center Warminster, PA ) 1997 Jun-11 Shops at Prospect West Hempfield, PA ) 1994 Jun-11 Whitehall Square Whitehall, PA ) 2006 Jun-11 Wilkes-Barre Township Marketplace Wilkes-Barre, PA ) 2004 Jun-11 Belfair Towne Village Bluffton, SC ) 2006 Jun-11 Milestone Plaza Greenville, SC ) 1995 Oct-13 Circle Center Hilton Head Island, SC ) ) 2000 Jun-11 Island Plaza James Island, SC ) 1994 Jun-11 Festival Centre North Charleston, SC ) 1987 Jun-11 Pawleys Island Plaza Pawleys Island, SC ) 2015 Oct-21 Fairview Corners I II Simpsonville, SC ) 2003 Jun-11 Hillcrest Market Place (6) 
 Spartanburg, SC ) 2023 Jun-11 Watson Glen Shopping Center Franklin, TN ) 1988 Jun-11 Williamson Square Franklin, TN ) 1988 Jun-11 Greeneville Commons Greeneville, TN ) 2002 Jun-11 Kingston Overlook Knoxville, TN ) 1996 Jun-11 The Commons at Wolfcreek Memphis, TN ) 2014 Jun-11 Georgetown Square Murfreesboro, TN ) 2003 Jun-11 Nashboro Village Nashville, TN ) 1998 Oct-13 Parmer Crossing Austin, TX ) 1989 Jun-11 Baytown Shopping Center Baytown, TX ) 1987 Jun-11 El Camino Bellaire, TX ) 2008 Jun-11 Townshire Bryan, TX ) 2002 Jun-11 Central Station College Station, TX ) 1976 Jun-11 Rock Prairie Crossing College Station, TX ) 2002 Jun-11 Carmel Village Corpus Christi, TX ) 2019 Jun-11 Arboretum Village Dallas, TX ) 2014 Jan-22 Claremont Village Dallas, TX ) ) 1976 Jun-11 Kessler Plaza Dallas, TX ) 1975 Jun-11 Stevens Park Village Dallas, TX ) 1974 Jun-11 Webb Royal Plaza Dallas, TX ) ) 1961 Jun-11 Wynnewood Village (6) 
 Dallas, TX ) 2023 Jun-11 Parktown Deer Park, TX ) 1999 Jun-11 
 F-44 

) 1990 Jun-11 Trinity Commons Fort Worth, TX ) 1998 Jun-11 Preston Ridge Frisco, TX ) 2018 Jun-11 Village Plaza Garland, TX ) 2002 Jun-11 Highland Village Town Center Highland Village, TX ) 1996 Jun-11 Bay Forest Houston, TX ) 2004 Jun-11 Beltway South Houston, TX ) 1998 Jun-11 Braes Heights Houston, TX ) 2022 Jun-11 Braesgate Houston, TX ) 1997 Jun-11 Broadway Houston, TX ) 2006 Jun-11 Clear Lake Camino South Houston, TX ) 1964 Jun-11 Hearthstone Corners Houston, TX ) 2019 Jun-11 Jester Village Houston, TX ) 2022 Jun-11 Jones Plaza (6) 
 Houston, TX ) 2023 Jun-11 Jones Square Houston, TX ) 1999 Jun-11 Maplewood Houston, TX ) 2004 Jun-11 Merchants Park Houston, TX ) 2009 Jun-11 Northgate Houston, TX ) 1972 Jun-11 Northshore Houston, TX ) 2001 Jun-11 Northtown Plaza Houston, TX ) 1960 Jun-11 Orange Grove Houston, TX ) 2005 Jun-11 Royal Oaks Village Houston, TX ) 2001 Jun-11 Tanglewilde Center Houston, TX ) 1998 Jun-11 West U Marketplace Houston, TX ) 2000 Apr-22 Westheimer Commons Houston, TX ) 1984 Jun-11 Crossroads Centre - Pasadena Pasadena, TX ) 1997 Jun-11 Spencer Square Pasadena, TX ) 1998 Jun-11 Pearland Plaza Pearland, TX ) 1995 Jun-11 Market Plaza Plano, TX ) 2002 Jun-11 Preston Park Village (6) 
 Plano, TX ) 2023 Oct-13 Keegan's Meadow Stafford, TX ) 1999 Jun-11 Lake Pointe Village Sugar Land, TX ) ) 2010 Jun-22 Texas City Bay Texas City, TX ) 2005 Jun-11 Windvale Center The Woodlands, TX ) ) 2002 Jun-11 Culpeper Town Square Culpeper, VA ) 1999 Jun-11 Hanover Square Mechanicsville, VA ) 1991 Jun-11 Tuckernuck Square Richmond, VA ) 1981 Jun-11 Cave Spring Corners Roanoke, VA ) 2005 Jun-11 Hunting Hills Roanoke, VA ) 1989 Jun-11 Hilltop Plaza Virginia Beach, VA ) 2010 Jun-11 Rutland Plaza Rutland, VT ) ) 1997 Jun-11 Spring Mall Greenfield, WI ) ) 2003 Jun-11 Mequon Pavilions Mequon, WI ) 1967 Jun-11 Moorland Square Shopping Ctr New Berlin, WI ) 1990 Jun-11 Paradise Pavilion West Bend, WI ) 2000 Jun-11 Grand Central Plaza Parkersburg, WV ) ) 1986 Jun-11 Remaining portfolio Various ) ) 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022, all of the Company s shopping centers were unencumbered. 
 (2) The initial cost to the Company represents the original purchase price of the asset, including amounts incurred subsequent to acquisition which were contemplated at the time the property was acquired. 
 (3) The balance for costs capitalized subsequent to acquisition could include parcels/out-parcels sold, assets held-for-sale, assets written off, and/or provisions for impairment. 
 (4) Depreciation of the buildings and improvements are calculated over the estimated useful lives which can be up to forty years. 
 (5) Year of most recent redevelopment or year built if no redevelopment has occurred. 
 (6) Indicates property is currently in redevelopment. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate cost for federal income tax purposes was approximately billion. 
 F-45 

Acquisitions and improvements Real estate held for sale ) ) ) Impairment of real estate ) ) ) Cost of property sold ) ) ) Write-off of assets no longer in service ) ) ) Balance at end of year [b] Reconciliation of accumulated depreciation as follows: Balance at beginning of year Depreciation expense Property sold ) ) ) Write-off of assets no longer in service ) ) ) Balance at end of year 
 F-46 

<EX-10.3>
 2
 brx-20221231ex103.htm
 EX-10.3

Document 

Exhibit 10.3 
 DIRECTOR RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT 
 THIS DIRECTOR RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT (the Agreement ), which is made effective as of the date set forth on the signature page (the Signature Page attached hereto (the Date of Grant ), is between Brixmor Property Group Inc. (together with its successors and assigns, the Company and the participant identified on the Signature Page attached hereto (the Participant ). 
 R E C I T A L S 
 WHEREAS, the Company has adopted the Brixmor Property Group, Inc. 2022 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan ), the terms of which Plan are incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Agreement, and capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meanings as in the Plan and 
 WHEREAS, the Committee has determined that it would be in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to grant the restricted stock award provided for herein (the Restricted Stock Award to the Participant pursuant to the Plan and the terms set forth herein 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Restricted Shares . 
 (a) Grant of Restricted Shares . Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the additional terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Company hereby grants to the Participant a Restricted Stock Award consisting of a number of shares of Common Stock (the Shares and such Shares subject to the vesting and other restrictions contained in this Agreement, the Restricted Shares set forth on the Signature Page. The Restricted Shares shall vest and become nonforfeitable in accordance with Section 1(b) hereof. 
 (b) Vesting of Restricted Shares . Subject to the Participant s continued service as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company, all of the Restricted Shares shall vest and become nonforfeitable on the first anniversary of the date specified on the Signature Page hereto. 
 (c) Termination of Services . If the Participant s service as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company is terminated for any reason, the Restricted Shares shall, to the extent not then vested or previously forfeited, immediately become forfeited without any further action by the Company or the Participant, and without any payment of consideration therefor. 
 2. Book Entry Certificates . The Company shall recognize the Participant s ownership of Shares through uncertificated book entry. If elected by the Company, certificates evidencing the Shares may be issued by the Company and any such certificates shall be registered in the Participant s name on the stock transfer books of the Company promptly after the date hereof, but shall remain in the physical custody of the Company or its designee at all times prior to the later of (x) the vesting of unvested Restricted Shares pursuant to this Agreement and (y) the expiration of any transfer restrictions set forth in this Agreement or otherwise applicable to the Shares. As soon as practicable following such time, any certificates for the Shares shall be delivered to the Participant or to the Participant s legal guardian or representative along with the stock powers relating thereto. No certificates shall be issued for fractional Shares. To the extent required by the Company, the Participant shall deliver to the 

Company a stock power, duly endorsed in blank, relating to the Shares that have not previously vested. However, the Company shall not be liable to the Participant for damages relating to any delays in issuing the certificates (if any) to the Participant, any loss by the Participant of the certificates, or any mistakes or errors in the issuance of the certificates or in the certificates themselves. 
 3. Rights as a Stockholder . The Participant shall be the record owner of the Shares until or unless such Shares are forfeited pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and as record owner shall be entitled to all rights of a common stockholder of the Company, including, without limitation, voting rights with respect to the Restricted Shares and rights to dividends or other distributions provided that the Shares shall be subject to the limitations on transfer and encumbrance set forth in Section 6. 
 4. Legend . To the extent applicable, all book entries (or certificates, if any) representing the Shares delivered to the Participant as contemplated by Sections 1 and 3 above shall be subject to the rules, regulations, and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, any stock exchange upon which such Shares are listed, and any applicable federal or state laws, and the Company may cause notations to be made next to the book entries (or a legend or legends put on certificates, if any) to make appropriate reference to such restrictions. Any such book entry notations (or legends on certificates, if any) shall include a description to the effect of the restrictions set forth in Sections 1 and 6 hereof. 
 5. No Right to Continued Service . Neither the Plan nor this Agreement nor the Participant s receipt of the Shares hereunder shall impose any obligation on the Company or any Affiliate to continue the services or membership on the Board of Directors of the Participant. Further, the Company or any Affiliate (as applicable) may at any time terminate the services of such Participant, free from any liability or claim under the Plan or this Agreement, except as otherwise expressly provided herein. 
 6. Transfer Restrictions . 
 (a) The unvested Restricted Shares may not, at any time prior to becoming vested pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, be Assigned and any such purported Assignment shall be void and unenforceable against the Company or any Affiliate provided that the designation of a beneficiary shall not constitute an Assignment. 
 (b) Assign or Assignment shall mean (in either the noun or the verb form, including with respect to the verb form, all conjugations thereof within their correlative meanings) with respect to any security, the gift, sale, assignment, transfer, pledge, hypothecation or other disposition (whether for or without consideration, whether directly or indirectly, and whether voluntary, involuntary or by operation of law) of such security or any interest therein. 
 7. Withholding . The Participant may be required to pay to the Company or any Affiliate and the Company shall have the right and is hereby authorized to withhold, any applicable withholding taxes in respect of the Shares, their grant or vesting or any payment or transfer with respect to the Shares at the minimum applicable statutory rates, and to take such action as may be necessary in the opinion of the Committee to satisfy all obligations for the payment of such withholding taxes. 
 8. Securities Laws Cooperation . Upon the vesting of any Restricted Shares, the Participant will make or enter into such written representations, warranties and agreements as the Committee may reasonably request in order to comply with applicable securities laws, the Plan or with this Agreement. Participant further agrees to cooperate with the Company in taking any 
 2 

action reasonably necessary or advisable to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 
 9. Notices . Any notice necessary under this Agreement shall be addressed to the Company in care of its Secretary at the principal executive office of the Company and to the Participant at the address appearing in the personnel records of the Company for such Participant or to either party at such other address as either party hereto may hereafter designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be deemed effective upon receipt thereof by the addressee. 
 10. Choice of Law Jurisdiction Venue . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Maryland applicable to contracts made and performed wholly within the State of Maryland, without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions thereof. Any suit, action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement (or any provision incorporated by reference), or any judgment entered by any court in respect of any thereof, shall be brought in any court of competent jurisdiction in the State of New York or the State of Maryland (or such other jurisdiction described above), and each of the Participant and the Company hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of any such suit, action, proceeding, or judgment. Each of the Participant and the Company hereby irrevocably waives (a) any objections which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any suit, action, or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement brought in any court of competent jurisdiction in the State of Maryland or the State of New York (or such other jurisdiction described above), (b) any claim that any such suit, action, or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in any inconvenient forum and (c) any right to a jury trial. 
 11. Shares Subject to Plan . By entering into this Agreement, the Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Participant has received and read a copy of the Plan. The Shares granted hereunder are subject to the Plan. The terms and provisions of the Plan, as it may be amended from time to time, are hereby incorporated herein by reference. In the event of a conflict between any term or provision contained herein and a term or provision of the Plan, the applicable terms and provisions of the Plan will govern and prevail. 
 12. Amendment . The Committee may waive any conditions or rights under, amend any terms of, or alter, suspend, discontinue, cancel or terminate this Agreement, but no such waiver, amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance, cancellation or termination shall materially adversely affect the rights of the Participant hereunder without the consent of the Participant. 
 13. Signature in Counterparts . This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. 
 Signatures on next page . 
 
 3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be effective as of the date set forth on the Company s signature page. 
 Participant 
 
 _____________________________ 
 Name 
 
 Acknowledged and Agreed 
 BRIXMOR PROPERTY GROUP INC. 
 
 ____________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 Dated _____________________ 
 
 Restricted Shares 
 4 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 3
 brx-20221231ex104.htm
 EX-10.4

Document 

Exhibit 10.4 
 BRIXMOR PROPERTY GROUP INC. RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT (TRSUs, PRSUs, and OPRSUs) 
 THIS RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement dated as of the Effective Date set forth in the Award Certificate attached hereto (the Award Certificate is made by and between Brixmor Property Group Inc. (together with its Subsidiaries and any successors thereto, the Company and the Participant set forth in the Award Certificate. The Award Certificate is included with and made part of this Agreement. In this Agreement and each Award Certificate, unless the context otherwise requires, words and expressions shall have the meanings given to them in the Plan, except as herein defined. 
 1. Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 (a) Achievement Percentage means the Percentage of Award Earned specified with respect to the threshold, target, above target and maximum levels for each Performance Component set forth in the Award Certificate, or a percentage determined using linear interpolation if actual performance falls between any two specified levels. In the event that actual performance does not meet the lowest level for any Performance Component (i.e., the threshold level), the Achievement Percentage with respect to such Performance Component shall be zero. 
 (b) Award means the award(s) as set forth in the Award Certificate. 
 (c) Award Certificate means the certificate attached to this Agreement specifying the Participant, Effective Date, the Award, the applicable Performance Periods, and the applicable Performance Components for the Award. 
 (d) Board means the Board of Directors of Brixmor Property Group Inc. 
 (e) Brixmor TSR means the compound annual growth rate, expressed as a percentage and rounded to the nearest one decimal point, in the value of a share of Common Stock due to stock appreciation and dividends, assuming dividends are reinvested in Common Stock, over the Performance Period. For this purpose, the Beginning Stock Price means the price per share of Common Stock set forth in the Award Certificate (which is the closing price of the Common Stock on the NYSE as of the last trading day before the beginning of the Performance Period), and the Ending Stock Price shall be the closing sales price of the Common Stock on the last trading day of the Performance Period. 
 (f) CAGR of FFO Per Share means the compounded annual growth rate, expressed as a percentage and rounded to the nearest one decimal point, in the NAREIT FFO Per Share over the Performance Period, as reported in the Supplemental Disclosure Package. For this purpose, the Beginning FFO Per Share means the NAREIT FFO Per Share determined with respect to the calendar year that ends immediately prior to the beginning of the Performance Period, and the Ending FFO Per Share means the NAREIT FFO Per Share determined with respect to the calendar year that ends on the last day of the Performance Period. 
 (g) CAGR of Same Property NOI means the compounded annual growth rate, expressed as a percentage and rounded down to the nearest two decimal points, in Same Property NOI over the Performance Period, as reported in the Supplemental Disclosure 

Package. For this purpose, the Beginning Same Property NOI means an index value of 100, and the Ending Same Property NOI means the index value of 100, multiplied by the reported same property NOI growth rate in each year of the performance period. 
 (h) Common Stock means the common stock, par value 0.01 per share, of the Company (and any stock or other securities into which such Common Stock may be converted or into which it may be exchanged). 
 (i) Determination Date means for any Performance Period, the date on which the Committee determines the total number of Earned PRSUs, if any, and the total number of Earned OPRSUs, if any, with respect to such Performance Period. 
 (j) End Date means the applicable End Date with respect to an Award, as set forth in the Award Certificate. 
 (k) Effective Date means the Effective Date set forth in the Award Certificate. 
 (l) Fully Diluted Shares means the fully diluted share count of the Company, as reported in the Supplemental Disclosure Package for the most recent fiscal quarter, including for the avoidance of doubt, the number of outstanding OP Units not owned by the Company, if any. 
 (m) Nareit FFO has the meaning set forth in the Supplemental Disclosure Package and shall be calculated in accordance therewith provided , however , said amount shall be adjusted for (i) non-cash GAAP rental adjustments and (ii) items that impact FFO comparability. 
 (n) Nareit FFO Per Share means the per share amount obtained by dividing the NAREIT FFO by the Fully Diluted Shares. 
 (o) OPRSU or Outperformance Restricted Stock Unit means a time-based restricted stock unit that may be granted pursuant to the Plan based on performance over the applicable Performance Period. 
 (p) Participant means the Eligible Person whose name is set forth in the Award Certificate. 
 (q) Performance Component means the performance criteria applicable to the Award, as set forth in the Award Certificate. 
 (r) Performance Period means the applicable period set forth in the Award Certificate. 
 (s) Plan means the Brixmor Property Group Inc. 2022 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time. 
 (t) PRSU or Performance Restricted Stock Unit means a performance-based restricted stock unit granted hereunder pursuant to the Plan. 
 (u) Qualifying Termination means a termination of the Participant s employment (w) by the Company without Cause or while the Participant has a Disability (as such terms are defined in the Plan), (x) if the Participant s written employment agreement with the Company (or any Affiliate) includes a definition of good reason or constructive termination, by the Participant for good reason or constructive termination (as defined in such written employment agreement), (y) which is a Retirement or (z) resulting from the Participant s death. 

In addition, (i) for purposes of the TRSUs, Retirement shall only constitute a Qualifying Termination if the Retirement occurs on a date that is a minimum of six (6) months following the Effective Date of this Award, (ii) for purposes of the OPRSUs, Retirement shall not constitute a Qualifying Termination and (iii) Retirement shall constitute a Qualifying Termination with respect to PRSUs. 
 (v) Relative TSR Percentile means the percentile ranking of the Brixmor TSR over the Performance Period relative to the total shareholder return of the constituent companies in the FTSE Nareit Equity Shopping Centers Index (or any successor or replacement index thereto or therefor) (the Index over the Performance Period (calculated in a manner consistent with the calculation of the Brixmor TSR pursuant to this Agreement). For purposes hereof, to the extent any constituent company in the Index is listed more than once due to that constituent company having multiple classes of stock included within the Index, only the class of stock most similar to a regular voting common stock shall be deemed to be included in the Index and any other classes of stock of that constituent company shall be deemed excluded from the Index in making the above determination. In addition, only those constituent companies that were included within the Index at the start of the performance period and remained publicly traded throughout the performance period shall be deemed included in the Index in making the above determination. 
 (w) Relative Weighting means, in respect of any Performance Component, the Relative Weighting set forth for such Performance Component in the Award Certificate. 
 (x) RSU or Restricted Stock Unit means a TRSU, PRSU, or OPRSU, either individually or in the aggregate, as the context may require. 
 (y) Retirement means the Participant s Termination of Employment with the Company, other than for Cause, following the date on which (i) the sum of the following equals or exceeds 65 years (A) the number of years of the Participant s Employment with the Company and any predecessor company, and (B) the Participant s age on the Termination Date, (ii) the Participant has attained the age of 55 years old, and (iii) the number of years of the Participant s Employment with the Company and any predecessor company is at least five (5) . Notwithstanding the foregoing and the definition of Termination of Employment, for purposes of this Agreement and this definition of Retirement, Retirement shall not include a Participant s resignation from the Company when such resignation is given in connection with the Participant s prior acceptance (or planned or contemplated acceptance) of an employment or consulting position or arrangement with another person or company. 
 (z) Same Property NOI has the meaning set forth in the Company s Supplemental Disclosure Package and shall be calculated in accordance therewith. 
 (aa) Supplemental Disclosure Package means the supplemental disclosure materials the Company publicly files for each quarter. 
 (ab) Target PRSUs means the number of Target PRSUs set forth in the Award Certificate with respect to the PRSUs. 
 (ac) Termination Date means the effective date of a Termination of Employment for any reason. 
 (ad) Termination of Employment means a separation from service of the Participant from the Company, as defined under Section 409A. 
 (ae) TRSU or Time Restricted Stock Unit means a time-based restricted stock unit granted hereunder pursuant to the Plan. 

2. Grant of Awards Calculation of Awards . 
 (a) Grant of Awards . 
 (i) The Company hereby grants to the Participant a number of TRSUs under the Award equal to the number of TRSUs set forth in the Award Certificate, which TRSUs shall be subject to the satisfaction of the service vesting conditions set forth in the Award Certificate and herein. The Participant may also be granted a multiple of the TRSUs granted under the Award (in the form of OPRSUs), as of the Determination Date, as provided for in Section 2(c). 
 (ii) The Company hereby grants to the Participant the opportunity to earn a number of PRSUs under the Award equal to the ranges set forth in the Award Certificate (with a threshold, target, above target, and maximum number of PRSUs for the Award). The actual number of PRSUs earned under the Award (the Earned PRSUs shall be determined pursuant to Section 2(b) , and further, the Earned PRSUs shall be subject to the satisfaction of the service vesting conditions set forth in the Award Certificate and herein. 
 (b) Calculation of Number of Earned PRSUs . Following the last day of the Performance Period applicable to the PRSUs 
 (i) The total number of Earned PRSUs under the Award shall be calculated by the Committee with respect to the Performance Component. The total number of Earned PRSUs shall be equal to the product of (A) the number of Target PRSUs for the Performance Component, multiplied by (B) the Achievement Percentage for the Performance Component. In the event that the Company s actual performance does not meet the threshold level for the Performance Component, no PRSUs shall be earned in respect of the Performance Component. The total number of Earned PRSUs shall in no event exceed the number of Maximum PRSUs set forth in the Award Certificate provided , however , that notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Brixmor TSR for the Performance Period is less than zero (i.e., is negative), then the total number of Earned PRSUs shall in no event exceed the number of Target PRSUs set forth in the Award Certificate. All PRSUs that do not become Earned PRSUs shall be forfeited automatically and without further action as of the Determination Date. 
 (ii) The foregoing calculation shall be made no later than 75 days following the End Date , at which time the Company shall notify the Participant of the total number of Earned PRSUs (rounded down to the nearest whole PRSU). 
 (c) Calculation of Number of Earned OPRSUs . Following the last day of the Performance Period applicable to the OPRSUs 
 (i) The total number of OPRSUs Earned OPRSUs that may be granted as of the Determination Date to the Participant under the Award shall be calculated by the Committee with respect to each Performance Component. The total number of Earned OPRSUs that may be granted as of the Determination Date shall be equal to the product of (A) the total number of TRSUs set forth in the Award Certificate, multiplied by (B) the Multiplier applicable to the Performance Level Achieved for each Performance Component (after taking into account each Performance Component s Relative Weighting) as set forth in the Award Certificate. In the event that the Company s actual performance does not meet the threshold level for either of the Performance Components, no OPRSUs shall be granted in respect of that Performance Component. 
 (ii) The foregoing calculation shall be made no later than 75 days following the End Date , at which time the Company shall notify the Participant of the total number of Earned OPRSUs (rounded down to the nearest whole OPRSU). 

(d) The calculation of the levels of achievement with respect to the Performance Components shall be adjusted from time to time by the Committee as it deems equitable and necessary in light of acquisitions, dispositions, non-routine or opportunistic expenses, transactions, or other extraordinary or other one-time events that impact the Company s operations or the measurement of any Performance Component including, without limitation, non-routine litigation and other legal expenses and loss on debt extinguishment. In addition, the Committee may make other adjustments as necessary to ensure that period to period results with respect to any Performance Component are computed on a consistent and equitable basis. 
 3. Vesting . Subject to Section 5 , the RSUs shall become vested as follows, subject to the Participant s continued Employment with the Company through the applicable date(s) (each, a Vesting Date and such RSU that vests, a Vested RSU 
 (a) With respect to the TRSUs, one-third of the TRSUs shall vest on January 1 st of each first, second, and third calendar years following the Effective Date 
 (b) With respect to any Earned PRSUs or Earned OPRSUs, 50 of each such award shall become vested on the Determination Date, an additional 25 of each such award shall become vested on January 1, 20 , and an additional 25 of each such award shall become vested on January 1, 20 . 
 
 4. Issuance of Common Stock. 
 (a) Settlement of Vested RSUs . Shares of Common Stock underlying a Vested RSU shall be transferred to the Participant as soon as administratively practicable following the applicable Vesting Date, but in no event later than March 15 th of the calendar year following the calendar year in which such Vesting Date occurs or, in the case of a Vesting Date resulting from a Qualifying Termination due to Retirement, no later than December 31 of the calendar year in which such Vesting Date occurs. No shares of Common Stock shall be issued to the Participant in respect of an RSU prior to the applicable Vesting Date. After an RSU becomes a Vested RSU, the Company shall promptly cause to be registered in the Participant s name or in the name of the executor or personal representative of the Participant s estate, as the case may be, one share of Common Stock in payment for each such Vested RSU. For purposes of this Agreement, the date on which Vested RSUs are converted into shares of Common Stock shall be referred to as the Settlement Date . 
 (b) Fractional RSUs . In the event the Participant is vested in a fractional portion of an RSU, such portion shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number. 
 5. Effects of Certain Events . 
 (a) General . Subject to Section 5(b) , in the event that the Participant s Employment with the Company is terminated, any unvested RSUs (including, for the avoidance of doubt, unvested TRSUs, unearned PRSUs, earned but unvested PRSUs, unearned and not-yet granted OPRSUs and earned but unvested OPRSUs) and any associated Dividend Equivalent Amount shall be forfeited automatically and without further action as of the Termination Date. 
 (b) Qualifying Termination . Notwithstanding Section 5(a) 
 (i) With respect to the TRSUs, in the event of the Participant s Qualifying Termination prior to the vesting of all tranches of the TRSUs (i.e, prior to January 1 st of the third calendar year following the Effective Date), all unvested TRSUs shall automatically and 

immediately vest as of the Termination Date. In such case, such number of TRSUs shall be deemed vested in full and settled pursuant to Section 4(a) , with the Vesting Date meaning the Termination Date. 
 (ii) With respect to the PRSUs, in the event of the Participant s Qualifying Termination prior to the completion of the Performance Period, a portion of the PRSUs which may be earned under the Award will become earned, with the actual number of Earned PRSUs determined based on actual performance through the end of the month immediately preceding the Termination Date, measured against the Performance Component based on actual performance through the end of the month immediately preceding the Termination Date. The number of Earned PRSUs calculated in accordance with this Section which become vested will be pro-rated based on the number of days in the Performance Period completed prior to the Termination Date, and such pro-rated number of Earned PRSUs (and any associated PRSU Dividend Equivalent Amount) shall be deemed vested in full and settled pursuant to Section 4(a) , with the Vesting Date being the Termination Date. All other PRSUs and PRSU Dividend Equivalent Amounts shall be forfeited automatically and without further action as of the Termination Date. 
 (iii) With respect to the PRSUs, in the event of the Participant s Qualifying Termination as of or after the completion of the Performance Period, but prior to the last Vesting Date applicable to the Earned PRSUs under the Award (i.e., prior to January 1, 20 ), all unvested Earned PRSUs shall automatically and immediately vest as of the Termination Date provided, however, that if such Qualifying Termination occurs prior to the Determination Date, then the PRSUs shall remain outstanding until the Determination Date, the number of Earned PRSUs, if any, shall be determined in accordance with Section 2(b), and all Earned PRSUs shall automatically and immediately vest as of the Determination Date. In such case, such number of Earned PRSUs (and any associated PRSU Dividend Equivalent Amount) shall be deemed vested in full and settled pursuant to Section 4(a) , with the Vesting Date being the Termination Date or the Determination Date, as applicable. 
 (iv) With respect to the OPRSUs, in the event of the Participant s Qualifying Termination prior to the completion of the Performance Period, a portion of the OPRSUs which may be earned and granted under the Award will become earned and granted no later than immediately prior to the Participant s Qualifying Termination, with the actual number of Earned OPRSUs determined based on actual performance through the end of the calendar quarter immediately preceding the Termination Date, measured against the Performance Component based on actual performance through the end of the calendar quarter immediately preceding the Termination Date. The number of Earned OPRSUs calculated in accordance with this Section which become vested will be pro-rated based on the number of days in the Performance Period completed prior to the Termination Date, and such pro-rated number of Earned OPRSUs (and any associated Dividend Equivalent Amount) shall be deemed vested in full and settled pursuant to Section 4(a) , with the Vesting Date being the Termination Date. All other rights to earn and or be granted OPRSUs or OPRSU Dividend Equivalent Amounts shall be forfeited automatically and without further action as of the Termination Date. 
 (v) With respect to the OPRSUs, in the event of the Participant s Qualifying Termination as of or after the completion of the Performance Period (but for purposes of this sentence, Qualifying Termination shall include Retirement), but prior to the last Vesting Date applicable to the Earned OPRSUs under the Award (i.e., January 1, 20 ), all unvested Earned OPRSUs shall automatically and immediately vest as of the Termination Date provided, however, that if such Qualifying Termination occurs prior to the Determination Date, then the number of Earned OPRSUs, if any, shall be determined as of the Determination Date in accordance with Section 2(c), and all Earned OPRSUs, if any, shall be granted and shall automatically and immediately vest as of the Determination Date. In such case, such number of Earned OPRSUs (and any associated OPRSU Dividend Equivalent Amount) shall be deemed 

vested in full and settled pursuant to Section 4(a) , with the Vesting Date being the Termination Date or the Determination Date, as applicable. 
 (c) Termination for Cause . In the event of the Participant s termination of Employment for Cause, then the Award, the RSUs (whether or not earned or vested) and any associated Dividend Equivalent Amounts, and any shares underlying RSUs that have not yet been transferred to the Participant, shall be forfeited automatically and without further action as of the Termination Date. For the avoidance of doubt, in addition to the foregoing, in the event of the Participant s termination of Employment for Cause, the Participant shall forfeit any right to earn or to be granted any OPRSUs. 
 (d) Change in Control . Notwithstanding the foregoing 
 (i) With respect to the TRSUs, in the event of a Change in Control during the Participant s Employment and prior to the vesting of all tranches of the TRSUs (i.e, prior to January 1, 20 ), all unvested TRSUs shall automatically and immediately vest as of immediately prior to the consummation of the Change in Control. In such case, such number of TRSUs shall be deemed vested in full and settled pursuant to Section 4(a) , with the Vesting Date meaning the date of the consummation of the Change in Control. 
 (ii) With respect to the PRSUs, in the event of a Change in Control during the Participant s Employment and prior to the completion of the Performance Period, a portion of the PRSUs which may be earned under the Award will become earned as of immediately prior to the consummation of the Change in Control, with the actual number of Earned PRSUs determined based on actual performance through the end of the month immediately preceding the consummation of the Change in Control, measured against the Performance Component based on actual performance through the end of the month immediately preceding the consummation of the Change in Control. In such case, such number of Earned PRSUs (and any associated PRSU Dividend Equivalent Amount) shall be deemed vested in full and settled pursuant to Section 4(a) , with the Vesting Date meaning the date of the consummation of the Change in Control, and all other PRSUs and PRSU Dividend Equivalent Amounts shall be forfeited automatically and without further action as of the date of the consummation of the Change in Control. 
 (iii) With respect to the PRSUs, in the event of a Change in Control during the Participant s Employment and as of or after the completion of the Performance Period, but prior to the last Vesting Date applicable to the Earned PRSUs under the Award (i.e., prior to January 1, 20 ), all unvested Earned PRSUs shall automatically and immediately vest immediately prior to the consummation of the Change in Control provided, however, that if such Change in Control occurs prior to the Determination Date, then the PRSUs shall remain outstanding until the Determination Date (which shall occur not later than the date immediately prior to the consummation of the Change in Control), the number of Earned PRSUs, if any, shall be determined in accordance with Section 2(b), and all Earned PRSUs shall automatically and immediately vest as of immediately prior to the Change in Control. In such case, such number of Earned PRSUs (and any associated PRSU Dividend Equivalent Amount) shall be deemed vested in full and settled pursuant to Section 4(a) , with the Vesting Date being the date of the consummation of the Change in Control. 
 (iv) With respect to the OPRSUs, in the event of a Change in Control during the Participant s Employment and prior to the completion of the Performance Period, a portion of the OPRSUs which may be earned and granted under the Award will become earned and granted as of immediately prior to the consummation of the Change in Control, with the actual number of Earned OPRSUs determined based on actual performance through the end of the calendar quarter immediately preceding the consummation of the Change in Control, measured against the Performance Component based on actual performance through the end of the calendar quarter 

immediately preceding the consummation of the Change in Control. In such case, such number of Earned OPRSUs (and any associated OPRSU Dividend Equivalent Amount) shall be deemed vested in full and settled pursuant to Section 4(a) , with the Vesting Date meaning the date of the consummation of the Change in Control, and all other rights to earn and or be granted OPRSUs shall be forfeited automatically and without further action as of the date of the consummation of the Change in Control. 
 (v) With respect to the OPRSUs, in the event of a Change in Control during the Participant s Employment and as of or after the completion of the Performance Period, but prior to the last Vesting Date applicable to the Earned OPRSUs under the Award (i.e., prior to January 1, 20 ), all unvested Earned OPRSUs shall automatically and immediately vest as of immediately prior to the consummation of the Change in Control provided, however, that if such Change in Control occurs prior to the Determination Date, then the number of Earned OPRSUs, if any, shall be determined as of the Determination Date in accordance with Section 2(c) (which shall occur not later than the date immediately prior to the consummation of the Change in Control), and all Earned OPRSUs, if any, shall be granted and shall automatically and immediately vest immediately prior to the consummation of the Change in Control. In such case, such number of Earned OPRSUs (and any associated OPRSU Dividend Equivalent Amount) shall be deemed vested in full and settled pursuant to Section 4(a) , with the Vesting Date meaning the date of the consummation of the Change in Control. 
 6. Dividend Equivalent Rights . 
 (a) Each TRSU shall have a dividend equivalent right associated with it with respect to any cash dividends on Common Stock that have a record date after the Effective Date and prior to the applicable Settlement Date for such TRSU (the TRSU Dividend Equivalent Amount ). The TRSU Dividend Equivalent Amount shall be paid on or about the corresponding Common Stock cash dividend payment date, without regard to whether the TRSU is a Vested RSU. 
 (b) Each Earned PRSU shall have a dividend equivalent right associated with it with respect to any cash dividends on Common Stock that have a record date after the Effective Date and prior to the applicable Settlement Date for such Earned PRSU (the total accrued dividends for each earned PRSU, a PRSU Dividend Equivalent Amount ). For the avoidance of doubt, no dividend equivalent right shall accrue in respect of a PRSU which is not earned based on the achievement of the Performance Component. 
 (c) The PRSU Dividend Equivalent Amount shall be calculated by crediting a hypothetical bookkeeping account for the Participant with an amount equal to the amount of cash dividends that would have been paid on the dividend payment date with respect to the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the unsettled Earned PRSUs (or PRSUs which become Earned PRSUs in accordance with this Agreement) if such shares had been outstanding on the dividend record date. The Participant s PRSU Dividend Equivalent Amount shall not be credited with interest or earnings. 
 (d) Any PRSU Dividend Equivalent Amount (i) shall be subject to the same terms and conditions applicable to the Earned PRSU to which the dividend equivalent right relates, including, without limitation, the restrictions on transfer and the forfeiture conditions contained in the Agreement (ii) shall vest and be settled upon the same terms and at the same time of settlement as the Earned PRSUs to which they relate and (iii) will be denominated and payable solely in cash. 
 (e) Each Earned OPRSU shall have a dividend equivalent right associated with it with respect to any cash dividends on Common Stock that have a record date after the 

Determination Date and prior to the applicable Settlement Date for such Earned OPRSU (the OPRSU Dividend Equivalent Amount and together with the TRSU Dividend Equivalent Amount and the PRSU Dividend Equivalent Amount, the Dividend Equivalent Amounts ). For the avoidance of doubt, no dividend equivalent right shall accrue in respect of an OPRSU which is not earned and granted based on the achievement of the applicable Performance Components. 
 (f) The OPRSU Dividend Equivalent Amount shall be calculated by crediting a hypothetical bookkeeping account for the Participant with an amount equal to the amount of cash dividends that would have been paid on the dividend payment date with respect to the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the unsettled Earned OPRSUs if such shares had been outstanding on the dividend record date. The Participant s OPRSU Dividend Equivalent Amount shall not be credited with interest or earnings. 
 (g) Any OPRSU Dividend Equivalent Amount (i) shall be subject to the same terms and conditions applicable to the Earned OPRSU to which the dividend equivalent right relates, including, without limitation, the restrictions on transfer and the forfeiture conditions contained in the Agreement (ii) shall vest and be settled upon the same terms and at the same time of settlement as the Earned OPRSUs to which they relate and (iii) will be denominated and payable solely in cash. 
 (h) The payment of the Dividend Equivalent Amounts, if any, will be net of all applicable withholding taxes pursuant to Section 7(g) . 
 7. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) Administration . The Committee shall administer the Award. At the end of the Performance Period (or, earlier, as provided in Section 5 ), the Committee shall calculate and approve the number of Earned PRSUs awarded to the Participant under the Award and shall calculate and approve the number of Earned OPRSUs to be granted to the Participant under the Award. 
 (b) Agreement Subject to Plan Amendment . By entering into this Agreement, the Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Participant has received and read a copy of the Plan. The Awards and RSUs granted hereunder are subject to the Plan. The terms and provisions of the Plan are hereby incorporated herein by reference. In the event of a conflict between any term or provision contained herein and a term or provision of the Plan, the applicable terms and provisions of the Plan will govern and prevail. The terms of the Agreement and the Award Certificate may be amended from time to time by the Committee in its sole discretion in any manner that it deems appropriate provided , that any such amendment that would materially and adversely affect any right of the Participant shall not to that extent be effective without the consent of the Participant. 
 (c) Participant is Unsecured General Creditor . The Participant and the Participant s heirs, successors, and assigns shall have no legal or equitable rights, interest, or claims in any specific property or assets of the Company. Assets of the Company shall not be held under any trust for the benefit of the Participant or the Participant s heirs, successors, or assigns, or held in any way as collateral security for the fulfilling of the obligations of the Company under the Agreement or the Plan. Any and all of the Company s assets shall be, and remain, the general unrestricted assets of the Company. The Company s sole obligation under this Agreement and in respect of the Award or the RSUs shall be merely that of an unfunded and unsecured promise of the Company to pay the Participant in the future, subject to the conditions and provisions of the Agreement and the Plan. 

(d) No Transferability No Assignment . Neither the Participant nor any other person shall have any right to commute, sell, assign, transfer, pledge, anticipate, mortgage, or otherwise encumber, transfer, hypothecate, alienate, or convey in advance of actual receipt, the Award or the RSUs. No part of the RSUs or the shares of Common Stock delivered in respect of any vested RSUs, and or amounts payable under this Agreement shall, prior to actual settlement or payment, be subject to seizure, attachment, garnishment, or sequestration for the payment of any debts, judgments, alimony, or separate maintenance owed by the Participant or any other person, be transferable by operation of law in the event of the Participant s or any other person s bankruptcy or insolvency, or be transferable to a spouse as a result of a property settlement or otherwise. 
 (e) No Right to Continued Employment . Neither the Plan nor this Agreement nor the Participant s receipt of the Award hereunder (or shares of Common Stock issued in settlement of the Award) shall impose any obligation on the Company or any Affiliate to continue the Employment of the Participant. Further, the Company or any Affiliate (as applicable) may at any time terminate the Employment of such Participant, free from any liability or claim under the Plan or this Agreement, except as otherwise expressly provided herein or in any written employment agreement between the Participant and the Company (or any Affiliate). 
 (f) Limitation on Shareholder Rights . The Participant shall have no rights as a shareholder of the Company, no dividend rights (subject to Dividend Equivalent Rights as set forth in Section 6 ), and no voting rights with respect to the RSUs and any shares of Common Stock underlying or issuable in respect of such RSUs until such shares of Common Stock are actually issued to and held of record by the Participant. No adjustments will be made for dividends or other rights of a holder for which the record date is prior to the date of issuance of the shares of Common Stock, except for the Dividend Equivalent Rights as set forth in Section 6 . 
 (g) Tax Withholding . 
 (i) Regardless of any action the Company takes with respect to any or all federal, state, or local income tax, employment tax or other tax-related items Tax Related Items ), the Participant acknowledges that the ultimate liability for all Tax Related Items associated with the RSUs (and the Dividend Equivalent Rights associated therewith) is and remains the Participant s responsibility and that the Company (A) makes no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax Related Items in connection with any aspect of the RSUs, including, but not limited to, the grant or vesting of the RSUs, the delivery of the shares of Common Stock, the subsequent sale of shares of Common Stock acquired at vesting, and the receipt of any Dividend Equivalent Rights and (B) does not commit to structure the terms of the Award or any aspect of the RSUs to reduce or eliminate the Participant s liability for Tax Related Items. Further, if Participant has relocated to a different jurisdiction between the date of grant and the date of any taxable event, the Participant acknowledges that the Company may be required to withhold or account for Tax Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 (ii) Prior to the relevant taxable event, the Participant shall pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company, in its sole discretion, to satisfy all withholding and payment on account obligations for Tax Related Items of the Company. In this regard, the Participant authorizes the Company, in its sole discretion, to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax Related Items legally payable by the Participant with respect to the RSUs by withholding in shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable to the Participant, provided that the Company withholds only the amount of shares of Common Stock necessary to satisfy the minimum statutory withholding amount using the Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock on the Settlement Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for so long as Accounting Standards Update 2016-09 or a similar rule remains in effect, the Board or the Committee shall have full discretion to choose, or to allow a Participant to elect, to withhold a number of shares 

of Common Stock having an aggregate Fair Market Value that is greater than the applicable minimum required statutory withholding liability (but such withholding may in no event be in excess of the maximum required statutory withholding amount(s) in such Participant s relevant tax jurisdictions) Participant shall pay to the Company any amount of Tax Related Items that the Company may be required to withhold as a result of the RSUs that are not satisfied by the previously described method. The Company may refuse to deliver the shares of Common Stock to the Participant if the Participant fails to comply with Participant s obligations in connection with the Tax Related Items as described in this Section. 
 (h) Intentionally Deleted. 
 (i) Section 409A Compliance . The Award, the RSUs, and the shares of Common Stock and amounts payable under this Agreement are intended either to be exempt from, or to comply with, the requirements of Section 409A, so as to prevent the inclusion in gross income of any benefits accrued hereunder in a taxable year prior to the taxable year or years in which such amount would otherwise be actually distributed or made available to the Participants. The Agreement shall be administered and interpreted to the extent possible in a manner consistent with that intent. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if the Participant is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A, no payments in respect of any Award or RSU that is deferred compensation subject to Section 409A and which would otherwise be payable upon the Participant s separation from service (as defined in Section 409A) shall be made to the Participant prior to the date that is six months after the date of the Participant s separation from service or, if earlier, the Participant s date of death. Following any applicable six-month delay, all such delayed payments will be paid in a single lump sum on the earliest date permitted under Section 409A that is also a business day. The Participant is solely responsible and liable for the satisfaction of all taxes and penalties under Section 409A that may be imposed on or in respect of the Participant in connection with this Agreement, and the Company shall not be liable to the Participant or any other person for any payment made under this Plan that is determined to result in an additional tax, penalty, or interest under Section 409A, nor for reporting in good faith any payment made under this Agreement as an amount includible in gross income under Section 409A. 
 (j) Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Maryland applicable to contracts made and performed wholly within the State of Maryland, without giving effect to the conflict of law provisions thereof. Any suit, action, or proceeding with respect to this Agreement (or any provision incorporated by reference), or any judgment entered by any court in respect of any thereof, shall be brought in any court of competent jurisdiction in the State of New York or the State of Maryland, and each of the Participant and the Company hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of any such suit, action, proceeding, or judgment. EACH OF THE PARTICIPANT AND THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES (I) ANY OBJECTIONS WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF THE VENUE OF ANY SUIT, ACTION, OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT BROUGHT IN ANY COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK OR THE STATE OF MARYLAND, (II) ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION, OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN ANY INCONVENIENT FORUM, AND (III) ANY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL. 
 (k) Signature in Counterparts . This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. 

BRIXMOR PROPERTY GROUP INC. RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 AWARD CERTIFICATE 
 1. Brixmor Property Group Inc., a Maryland corporation (together with its Subsidiaries and their successors, the Company ), and the Participant who is signatory hereto, hereby agree to the terms of this Award Certificate and the Brixmor Property Group Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the Agreement to which it is attached. All capitalized terms used in this Award Certificate and not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Company s 2022 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as amended from time to time, the Plan or the Agreement. 
 2. Subject to the terms of this Award Certificate, the Agreement, and the Plan, the Company hereby grants to the Participant as of the Effective Date, the Award on the terms set forth below 
 General Participant Effective Date 
 
 Award TRSUs Number of TRSUs 

TRSU Modifier (OPRSUs) Performance Period End Date 
 
 Performance Components 
 CAGR of FFO Per Share (Relative Weighting 50 
 CAGR of Same Property NOI (Relative Weighting 50 
 The number of OPRSUs determined based on one Performance Component shall be in addition to the OPRSUs determined based on the other Performance Component, and the number of OPRSUs determined based on each Performance Component shall be independent from the number based on the other Performance Component. For clarification, with respect to each Performance Component, there shall be no 

interpolation and the number of OPRSUs earned shall be based on the lowest level of achievement if results are between two levels of achievement. 
 
 Level of Achievement CAGR of FFO Per Share Performance Level Achieved 
 50 
 CAGR of Same Property NOI Performance Level Achieved 
 50 
 Multiplier of TRSU Award Below Threshold 0x Threshold 0.5x Target 1.0x Above Target 1.5x Maximum 2.0x 

Award PRSUs Threshold PRSUs Target PRSUs Above Target PRSUs Maximum PRSUs Performance Period Determination Date Beginning Stock Price per share the closing price of the Company s Common Stock on the NYSE as of the last trading day before the beginning of the Performance Period 

Performance Component 
 Relative TSR Percentile (Relative Weighting 100 
 
 Level of Achievement Performance Level Achieved Percentage of Award Earned Below Threshold 37.5 th Percentile 
 0 Threshold 37.5 th Percentile 
 50 Target 50 th Percentile 
 100 Above Target 62.5 th Percentile 
 150 Maximum 75 th Percentile 
 200 

8. The Award and any RSUs which may vest and or be earned under the Award are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Award Certificate, the Plan, and the Agreement. All terms and provisions of the Plan and the Agreement, as the same may be 

amended from time to time, are incorporated and made part of this Award Certificate. If any provision of this Award Certificate is in conflict with the terms of the Plan or the Agreement, then the terms of the Plan or the Agreement, as applicable, shall govern. The Participant hereby expressly acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and the Agreement. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written. 
 
 BRIXMOR PROPERTY GROUP INC. 

By __________________________________ Name Title Authorized Signatory 
 PARTICIPANT 
 
 ___________________________________ Name 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.19>
 4
 brx-20221231ex1019.htm
 EX-10.19

Document 

Exhibit 10.19 
 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO AMENDED AND RESTATED TERM LOAN AGREEMENT 
 This AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO AMENDED AND RESTATED TERM LOAN AGREEMENT , dated as of July 7, 2022 (this Amendment No. 1 ), is by and among BRIXMOR OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Borrower ), and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as administrative agent for the Lenders (the Administrative Agent ). Reference is made to that certain Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2022 (the Credit Agreement ), by and among the Borrower, the Lenders referenced therein and the Administrative Agent. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the same meanings as set forth in the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby. 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS , pursuant to Section 9.02(b) of the Credit Agreement, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent have agreed to amend the Credit Agreement to correct an obvious error as set forth herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the agreements, provisions and covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 SECTION 1. AMENDMENTS TO CREDIT AGREEMENT. As of the Amendment Effective Date (as defined in Section 2 hereof), the Sustainability Metric Grid set forth in the definition of Applicable Rate in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is corrected to read as follows 
 RATINGS LEVEL MOODY S 
 S&P APPLICABLE CREDIT RATING 
 TERM BENCHMARK APPLICABLE RATE ABR- 
 APPLICABLE 
 RATE 
 Level I Rating A3 A- or higher 0.79 0 Level II Rating Baa1 BBB+ 0.84 0 Level III Rating Baa2 BBB 0.94 0 Level IV Rating Baa3 BBB- 1.19 0.19 Level V Rating Below Baa3 BBB- or unrated 1.59 0.59 
 SECTION 2. CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS 
 This Amendment No. 1 shall become effective when the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall have indicated their consent to this Amendment No. 1 by the execution and delivery of the signature pages hereto to the Administrative Agent (the date of satisfaction of such condition being referred to as the Amendment Effective Date ). 

SECTION 3. MISCELLANEOUS 
 (a) Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement and the Other Loan Documents . 
 (i) On and after the effective date of this Amendment No. 1, each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof , herein or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement and each reference in the other Loan Documents to the Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. 
 (ii) Except as specifically amended by this Amendment No. 1, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed. 
 (iii) The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment No. 1 shall not, except as expressly provided herein, constitute a waiver of any provision of, or operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Administrative Agent or any Lender under the Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. 
 (iv) This Amendment No. 1 shall constitute a Loan Document. 
 (b) Headings . Section and subsection headings in this Amendment No. 1 are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Amendment No. 1 for any other purpose or be given any substantive effect. 
 (c) Applicable Law . THIS AMENDMENT NO. 1 AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 (d) Counterparts Effectiveness . This Amendment No. 1 may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts together shall constitute but one and the same instrument signature pages may be detached from multiple separate counterparts and attached to a single counterpart so that all signature pages are physically attached to the same document. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment No. 1 by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of the actual executed signature page in accordance with Section 9.06(b) of the Credit Agreement shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment No. 1. 
 2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Amendment No. 1 to be duly executed and delivered by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date first written above. 
 BORROWER BRIXMOR OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP 
 
 By Brixmor OP GP LLC, its General Partner 
 
 By BPG Subsidiary LLC, its sole member 

By s Angela Aman 
 Name Angela Aman 
 Title EVP, CFO and Treasurer 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO BRIXMOR AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO A&R TERM LOAN AGREEMENT 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as Administrative Agent 

By s Kristen Ray 
 Name Kristen Ray 
 Title Director 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO BRIXMOR AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO A&R TERM LOAN AGREEMENT 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 brx-20221231ex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 BRIXMOR PROPERTY GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Legal Entity Name State of Formation Arapahoe Crossings, L.P. Delaware Berkshire Crossing Shopping Center, LLC Delaware BPG Sub LLC Delaware BPG Sub TRS LLC Delaware BPG Subsidiary LLC Delaware Bradley Financing LLC Delaware Bradley Financing Partnership Delaware Bradley Operating LLC Delaware BRE Mariner Belfair II LLC Delaware BRE Mariner Belfair Town Village LLC Delaware BRE Mariner Carrollwood LLC Delaware BRE Mariner Chelsea Place LLC Delaware BRE Mariner Conway Crossing LLC Delaware BRE Mariner Dolphin Village LLC Delaware BRE Mariner Hunters Creek LLC Delaware BRE Mariner Lake St. Charles LLC Delaware BRE Mariner Marco Town Center LLC Delaware BRE Mariner Milestone Plaza LLC Delaware BRE Mariner Ross Plaza LLC Delaware BRE Mariner Shops of Huntcrest LLC Delaware BRE Mariner Sunrise Town Center LLC Delaware BRE Mariner Venice Plaza LLC Delaware BRE Mariner Venice Shopping Center LLC Delaware BRE Retail Management GP Holdings LLC Delaware BRE Retail Management Holdings LLC Delaware BRE Retail NP Festival Centre Owner LLC Delaware BRE Retail NP Memphis Commons Owner LLC Delaware BRE Retail NP Mezz 1 LLC Delaware BRE Retail NP Mezz Holdco LLC Delaware BRE Retail NP Owner 1 LLC Delaware BRE Retail Residual Circle Center Owner LLC Delaware BRE Retail Residual GP Holdings LLC Delaware BRE Retail Residual Greeneville Commons Owner LLC Delaware BRE Retail Residual LP Holdings LLC Delaware BRE Retail Residual Mezz 1 LLC Delaware BRE Retail Residual Mezz 2 LLC Delaware BRE Retail Residual Mezz 3 LLC Delaware BRE Retail Residual Mezz 4 LLC Delaware BRE Retail Residual Mezz Holdco LLC Delaware BRE Retail Residual MO Owner LLC Delaware BRE Retail Residual MO SC Holdings Trust Delaware BRE Retail Residual NC GP Holdings LLC Delaware BRE Retail Residual NC LP Holdings LLC Delaware BRE Retail Residual NC Owner L.P. Delaware BRE Retail Residual North Penn Market Place Holdings LLC Delaware BRE Retail Residual North Penn Market Place Owner LLC Delaware BRE Retail Residual OP 4 GP Holdings LLC Delaware BRE Retail Residual OP 5 GP Holdings LLC Delaware BRE Retail Residual OP 7-A GP Holdings LLC Delaware BRE Retail Residual Owner 1 LLC Delaware BRE Retail Residual Owner 2 LLC Delaware BRE Retail Residual Owner 3 LLC Delaware 

Legal Entity Name State of Formation BRE Retail Residual Owner 4 LLC Delaware BRE Retail Residual Owner 5 LLC Delaware BRE Retail Residual Owner 6 LLC Delaware BRE Retail Residual Shoppes at Valley Forge Holdings LLC Delaware BRE Retail Residual Shoppes at Valley Forge Owner LLC Delaware BRE Retail Residual TRS LLC Delaware BRE Southeast Retail Mezz 1 LLC Delaware BRE Tarpon Keith Bridge Commons LLC Delaware BRE Tarpon Salem Road Station Holdings LLC Delaware BRE Tarpon Salem Road Station LLC Delaware BRE Tarpon South Plaza LLC Delaware BRE Tarpon Vineyards at Chateau Elan LLC Delaware BRE Tarpon Wilmington Island LLC Delaware BRE Throne Beneva Village Shops LLC Delaware BRE Throne East Port Plaza LLC Delaware BRE Throne Garner Towne Center Square LP Delaware BRE Throne Holdings LLC Delaware BRE Throne Martin Downs Town Center LLC Delaware BRE Throne Martin Downs Village Center LLC Delaware BRE Throne Martin Downs Village Shoppes LLC Delaware BRE Throne Nashboro Village LLC Delaware BRE Throne Plaza Rio Vista LLC Delaware BRE Throne Preston Park LLC Delaware BRE Throne Property Holdings LLC Delaware Brixmor 23rd Street Station Owner, LLC Delaware Brixmor Acquisition Company, LLC Delaware Brixmor Arbor Faire GP, LLC Delaware Brixmor Arbor Faire Owner, LP Delaware Brixmor Arboretum Village LLC Delaware Brixmor Arborland LLC Delaware Brixmor Atlantic Plaza, LLC Delaware Brixmor Augusta West Plaza, LLC Delaware Brixmor Banks Station, LLC Delaware Brixmor Berkshire Crossing LLC Delaware Brixmor Bethel Park, LLC Delaware Brixmor Bonita Springs LLC Delaware Brixmor Brea Gateway LLC Delaware Brixmor Broadway Faire, L.P. Delaware Brixmor Burlington Square LLC Delaware Brixmor Campus Village Parcel LLC Delaware Brixmor Capitol SC LLC Delaware Brixmor Cedar Plaza, LLC Delaware Brixmor Centennial SC LLC Delaware Brixmor Champlin LLC Delaware Brixmor Clark, LLC Delaware Brixmor Cobblestone Village Parcel LLC Delaware Brixmor Coconut Creek Owner, LLC Delaware Brixmor College Plaza LLC Delaware Brixmor ConneXion SC LLC Delaware Brixmor Courtyard at Georgetown LLC Delaware Brixmor Creekwood SC, LLC Delaware Brixmor Cross Keys Commons LLC Delaware Brixmor Crystal Lake LLC Delaware Brixmor Dickson City Parcel Owner LLC Delaware Brixmor East Lake Pavilions, LLC Delaware Brixmor Eastlake SC, LLC Delaware Brixmor Elmhurst Crossing LLC Delaware 

Legal Entity Name State of Formation Brixmor Employment Company, LLC Delaware Brixmor ERT, LLC Delaware Brixmor Exchange Property Owner IV, LLC Delaware Brixmor Fairview Corners LLC Delaware Brixmor Felicita Town Center LLC Delaware Brixmor GA America LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Apollo 1 LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Apollo 4 LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Apollo 5 LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Apollo 6 LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Apollo I Sub Holdings, LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Apollo I Sub LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Apollo I TX Holdings, LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Apollo II TX LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Apollo II TX LP Delaware Brixmor GA Apollo III Sub Holdings, LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Apollo III TX LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Apollo III TX LP Delaware Brixmor GA Apollo IV Sub LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Apollo Member LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Arlington Heights LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Coastal Landing (FL) LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Coastal Way LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Cobblestone Village at Royal Palm Beach, LLC Florida Brixmor GA Cobblestone Village at St. Augustine, LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Cobblestone Village at St. Augustine Parcel LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Cosby Station LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Delta Center (MI) LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Devonshire (NC) GP LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Devonshire (NC) LP Delaware Brixmor GA Elizabethtown LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Fashion Corner, LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Financing 1 LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Grand Central Plaza I LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Grand Central Plaza LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Grand Central Plaza LP Delaware Brixmor GA Haymarket Square LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Hilltop Plaza, LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Karam Shopping Center LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Kingston Overlook LLC Delaware Brixmor Lake Pointe Village LLC Delaware Brixmor GA London Marketplace, LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Lunenburg Crossing LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Marketplace Wycliffe, LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Member II LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Mount Houston TX LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Mount Houston TX LP Delaware Brixmor GA Non-Core TN LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Normandy Square, LLC Delaware Brixmor GA North Haven Crossing LLC Delaware Brixmor GA North Olmsted LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Panama City, LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Parkway Plaza GP, LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Parkway Plaza, LP Delaware Brixmor GA PUT Portfolio LLC Delaware Brixmor GA San Dimas GP, LLC Delaware Brixmor GA San Dimas, LP Delaware 

Legal Entity Name State of Formation Brixmor GA Seacoast Shopping Center LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Shops at Prospect GP LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Shops at Prospect LP Delaware Brixmor GA Shops at Prospect LP LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Southland Shopping Center LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Springdale Member LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Springdale Mobile Limited Partnership Alabama Brixmor GA Stratford Commons GP, LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Stratford Commons, LP Delaware Brixmor GA Sub LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Tuckernuck Square, LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Turnpike Plaza LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Vail Ranch GP, LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Vail Ranch, LP Delaware Brixmor GA Washtenaw Fountain, LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Waterbury LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Waterford Commons LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Westminster LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Wilkes-Barre LP Delaware Brixmor GA Wilkes-Barre Member I LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Wilkes-Barre Member LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Wilkes-Barre Sub LLC Delaware Brixmor GA Willow Springs Plaza LLC Delaware Brixmor Granada Shoppes Leasehold LLC Delaware Brixmor Granada Shoppes LLC Delaware Brixmor Greentree SC, LLC Delaware Brixmor Hale Road LLC Delaware Brixmor Hamilton Plaza Owner, LLC Delaware Brixmor Hanover Square SC, LLC Delaware Brixmor Helena Plaza LLC Delaware Brixmor Heritage Square LLC Delaware Brixmor Heritage Square MGR LLC Delaware Brixmor Holdings 1 SPE, LLC Delaware Brixmor Holdings 10 SPE, LLC Delaware Brixmor Holdings 11 SPE, LLC Delaware Brixmor Holdings 12 SPE, LLC Delaware Brixmor Holdings 3 SPE, LLC Delaware Brixmor Holdings 6 SPE, LLC Delaware Brixmor Holdings 8 SPE, LLC Delaware Brixmor HTG SPE 5 LLC Delaware Brixmor III OP, LLC Delaware Brixmor Incap LLC South Carolina Brixmor Innes Street LP Delaware Brixmor Ivyridge SC, LLC Delaware Brixmor Junior Mezz Holding, LLC Delaware Brixmor King s Market LLC Delaware Brixmor Larchmont LLC Delaware Brixmor Laurel Square Owner, LLC Delaware Brixmor Lehigh SC LLC Delaware Brixmor LLC Maryland Brixmor Long Meadow LLC Delaware Brixmor Mableton Walk, LLC Delaware Brixmor Management Joint Venture 2 Holding, LLC Delaware Brixmor Management Joint Venture 2, LLC Delaware Brixmor Management Joint Venture 2, LP Delaware Brixmor Management Joint Venture LP Delaware Brixmor Management NY LLC Delaware 

Legal Entity Name State of Formation Brixmor Manchester I LLC Delaware Brixmor Manchester II LLC Delaware Brixmor Manchester III LLC Delaware Brixmor Marlton Plaza LLC Delaware Brixmor MergerSub LLC Delaware Brixmor Metro 580 SC, L.P. Delaware Brixmor Miami Gardens, LLC Delaware Brixmor Miami Gardens Outparcel Owner LLC Delaware Brixmor Middletown Plaza Owner, LLC Delaware Brixmor Middle Country Road LLC Delaware Brixmor Miracle Mile, LLC Delaware Brixmor Monroe Plaza, LLC Delaware Brixmor Montebello Plaza GP, LLC Delaware Brixmor Montebello Plaza, L.P. Delaware Brixmor Morris Hills LLC Delaware Brixmor Naples SC LLC Delaware Brixmor NC Property GP LLC Delaware Brixmor New Centre LP Delaware Brixmor New Chastain Corners SC, LLC Delaware Brixmor North Riverside Plaza LLC Delaware Brixmor North Riverside Plaza Leasehold LLC Delaware Brixmor Old Bridge LLC Delaware Brixmor OP GP LLC Delaware Brixmor OP Holdings 2, LLC Delaware Brixmor OP Holdings LLC Delaware Brixmor OP TRS LLC Delaware Brixmor Operating Partnership 16, LLC Delaware Brixmor Operating Partnership 2, LLC Delaware Brixmor Operating Partnership 4, L.P. Delaware Brixmor Operating Partnership 5, L.P. Delaware Brixmor Operating Partnership 7-A, LP Delaware Brixmor Operating Partnership, LLC Delaware Brixmor Operating Partnership LP Delaware Brixmor PA, LLC Pennsylvania Brixmor Paradise Pavilion, LLC Delaware Brixmor Park Shore Outparcel LLC Delaware Brixmor Park Shore SC LLC Delaware Brixmor Pawleys Island Plaza LLC Delaware Brixmor Plaza By The Sea LLC Delaware Brixmor Plymouth Square LLC Delaware Brixmor Preston Park LLC Delaware Brixmor Property Group Inc. Maryland Brixmor Property Owner II, LLC Delaware Brixmor Quentin Collection Parcel LLC Delaware Brixmor Ravinia Plaza LLC Delaware Brixmor Residual Arapahoe Crossings LLC Delaware Brixmor Residual Dickson City Crossings Member, LLC Delaware Brixmor Residual Dickson City Crossings, LLC Delaware Brixmor Residual Holding LLC Delaware Brixmor Residual Presidential Plaza, LLC Delaware Brixmor Residual Shoppes at Fox Run, LLC Delaware Brixmor Rivercrest LLC Delaware Brixmor Riverhead Development LLC Delaware Brixmor Roanoke Plaza LLC Delaware Brixmor Roosevelt Mall Owner, LLC Delaware Brixmor Rose Pavilion, L.P. Delaware Brixmor Royal Oaks GP LLC Delaware 

Legal Entity Name State of Formation Brixmor Royal Oaks L.P. Delaware Brixmor Seminole Plaza Owner, LLC Delaware Brixmor Senior Mezz Holding, LLC Delaware Brixmor Silver Pointe, LLC Delaware Brixmor Slater Street LLC Delaware Brixmor Southport Centre LLC Delaware Brixmor SPE 1 LLC Delaware Brixmor SPE 2 LLC Delaware Brixmor SPE 3 LLC Delaware Brixmor SPE 4 LP Delaware Brixmor SPE 5 LLC Delaware Brixmor SPE 6 LLC Delaware Brixmor SPE MGR 1 LLC Delaware Brixmor Spring Mall Limited Partnership Delaware Brixmor Spring Mall, LLC Delaware Brixmor STN LLC Delaware Brixmor Stockbridge Village, LLC Delaware Brixmor Stone Mountain, LLC Delaware Brixmor Sunshine Square LLC Delaware Brixmor Surrey Square Mall, LLC Delaware Brixmor Sweetwater Village, LLC Delaware Brixmor Tarpon Mall, LLC Delaware Brixmor Tinton Falls, LLC Delaware Brixmor Tri City Plaza LLC Delaware Brixmor Trinity Commons SPE Limited Partnership Delaware Brixmor Trinity Commons SPE MGR LLC Delaware Brixmor UC Greenville LP Delaware Brixmor Upland Town Square LLC Delaware Brixmor Venetian Isle LLC Delaware Brixmor Ventura Downs Owner, LLC Delaware Brixmor Venice Village Shoppes LLC Delaware Brixmor Victory Square, LLC Delaware Brixmor Warminster SPE LLC Delaware Brixmor Watson Glen LLC Delaware Brixmor Webster Square LLC Delaware Brixmor Wendover Place LP Delaware Brixmor West U Marketplace LLC Delaware Brixmor Williamson Square GP LLC Delaware Brixmor Wolfcreek I LLC Delaware Brixmor Wolfcreek II LLC Delaware Brixmor Wolfcreek III LLC Delaware Brixmor Wolfcreek IV LLC Delaware Brixmor Wolfcreek Outparcel Owner LLC Delaware Brixmor Wynnewood Parcel LLC Delaware Brixmor IA 18 Mile & Ryan, LLC Delaware Brixmor IA Bennetts Mills Plaza, LLC Delaware Brixmor IA Brunswick Town Center, LLC Delaware Brixmor IA Cayuga Plaza, LLC Delaware Brixmor IA Central Station, LLC Delaware Brixmor IA Clearwater Mall, LLC Delaware Brixmor IA Colonial Marketplace, LLC Delaware Brixmor IA Columbus Center, LLC Delaware Brixmor IA Crossroads Center, LLC Delaware Brixmor IA Delco Plaza, LLC Delaware Brixmor IA Downtown Publix, LLC Delaware Brixmor IA Georgetown Square, LLC Delaware Brixmor IA Northeast Plaza, LLC Delaware 

Legal Entity Name State of Formation Brixmor IA Points West SC, LLC Delaware Brixmor IA Quentin Collection, LLC Delaware Brixmor IA Regency Park SC, LLC Delaware Brixmor IA Rutland Plaza, LLC Delaware Brixmor IA Southfield (MI) SC, LLC Delaware Brixmor IA Southfield Plaza, LLC Delaware Brixmor IA Spencer Square, LLC Delaware Brixmor IA Tinley Park Plaza, LLC Delaware Brixmor-Lakes Crossing, LLC Delaware BRX CT Renewables LLC Delaware BRX Mamaroneck Parcel LLC Delaware BRX NJ Renewables LLC Delaware BRX NY Renewables LLC Delaware BRX PA Renewables LLC Delaware CA New Plan Asset LLC Delaware CA New Plan Asset Partnership IV, L.P. Delaware CA New Plan Fixed Rate Partnership, L.P. Delaware CA New Plan Fixed Rate SPE LLC Delaware CA New Plan IV Maryland CA New Plan Sarasota Holdings SPE, LLC Delaware CA New Plan Sarasota, L.P. Delaware CA New Plan Texas Assets, L.P. Delaware CA New Plan Texas Assets, LLC Delaware CA New Plan V Maryland CA New Plan Venture Direct Investment Fund, LLC Delaware CA New Plan Venture Fund, LLC Delaware CA New Plan Venture Partner Maryland CA New Plan VI Maryland CA New Plan Victoria Holdings SPE, LLC Delaware CA New Plan Victoria, L.P. Delaware CA New Plan Villa Monaco Holdings SPE, LLC Delaware CA New Plan Villa Monaco, L.P. Delaware California Mezz 1, LLC Delaware California Mezz 2, LLC Delaware California Mezz Holdings, LLC Delaware California Property Owner I, LLC Delaware Campus Village IDOT LLC Delaware Campus Village Shopping Center Joint Venture Maryland Cedar Crest Associates L.P. Pennsylvania Cedar Crest GP, LLC Delaware Century Plaza Associates, L.P. Delaware Chalfont Plaza Associates, L.P. Delaware Chalfont Plaza LLC Delaware Collegeville Plaza Associates, L.P. Delaware Collegeville Plaza LLC Delaware Columbus Outparcel Owner, LLC Delaware County Line Plaza Realty Associates, L.P. Delaware County Line Plaza Realty LLC Delaware CP General Partner, LLC Delaware Culpeper Shopping Center Joint Venture Maryland CV GP L.P. Delaware CV GP LLC Delaware CW A & P Mamaroneck LLC Delaware CW Groton Square LLC Delaware CW Highridge Plaza LLC Delaware CW North Ridge Plaza LLC Delaware CW Park Hills Plaza GP LLC Delaware 

Legal Entity Name State of Formation CW Park Hills Plaza LP Delaware CW Parkway Plaza LLC Delaware CW Parkway Plaza Manager LLC Delaware CW Pilgrim Gardens GP LLC Delaware CW Pilgrim Gardens Holding GP LLC Delaware CW Pilgrim Gardens Holding LP Delaware CW Pilgrim Gardens LP Delaware CW Village Square LLC Delaware CWAR 14 LLC Delaware CWAR 15 LLC Delaware CWOP 2 Mansell Pad Site LLC Delaware DHHE, LLC Delaware ERP Australian Member, LLC Delaware ERP Hillcrest, LLC Delaware ERP Mingo Marketplace, LLC Delaware ERP New Britain GP, LLC Delaware ERP New Britain Holdings, LP Delaware ERP New Britain Mezz GP, LLC Delaware ERP New Britain Property Owner, L.P. Delaware ERT 163rd Street Mall, LLC Delaware ERT Development LLC Delaware Excel Realty Partners, L.P. Delaware Excel Realty Trust - NC North Carolina FDHE, LLC Delaware Fox Run Limited Partnership Alabama Fox Run LLC Delaware Glenmont Associates Limited Partnership Pennsylvania Glenmont LLC Delaware Grove Court Shopping Center LLC Delaware Harpers Corner Parcel LLC Delaware Heritage Hale Road LLC Delaware Heritage HR Manager LLC Delaware Heritage Property Investment Limited Partnership Delaware Heritage Realty Management, LLC Delaware Heritage Realty Special L.P., LLC Delaware Heritage Southwest GP LLC Delaware Heritage Southwest Limited Partnership Delaware Heritage SPE LLC Delaware Heritage SPE MGR LLC Delaware Heritage SPE MGR Manager, LLC Delaware HK New Plan Arvada Plaza, LLC Delaware HK New Plan Covered Sun, LLC Delaware HK New Plan ERP Property Holdings, LLC Delaware HK New Plan Exchange Property Holdings I, LLC Delaware HK New Plan Exchange Property Owner II, LP Delaware HK New Plan Lower Tier OH, LLC Delaware HK New Plan Macon Chapman TRS GP LLC Delaware HK New Plan Mid Tier OH, L.P. Delaware HK New Plan STH Mid Tier I, LLC Delaware HK New Plan STH Upper Tier I, LLC Delaware HK New Plan STH Upper Tier II Company Maryland KOP Perkins Farm Marketplace LLC Delaware KOP Vestal Venture LLC Delaware KR 69th Street GP LLC Delaware KR 69th Street, L.P. Pennsylvania KR Barn GP LLC Delaware KR Barn, L.P. Pennsylvania 

Legal Entity Name State of Formation KR Best Associates GP LLC Delaware KR Best Associates, L.P. Pennsylvania KR Campus GP LLC Delaware KR Campus II GP LLC Delaware KR Collegetown LLC Delaware KR Collegetown Manager LLC Delaware KR Culpeper GP LLC Delaware KR Culpeper II GP LLC Delaware KR Fox Run GP LLC Delaware KR Holcomb LLC Delaware KR Holcomb Manager LLC Delaware KR Mableton LLC Delaware KR Mableton Manager LLC Delaware KR Morganton LP Delaware KR Morganton Manager LLC Delaware KR Park Plaza LLC Delaware KR Park Plaza Manager LLC Delaware KR Stratford LLC Delaware KR Stratford Manager LLC Delaware Kramont Operating Partnership, L.P. Delaware KRT Property Holdings LLC Delaware KRT Property Holdings Manager LLC Delaware Marlton Plaza Associates II, L.P. Delaware Marlton Plaza Associates, L.P. Delaware Marlton Plaza II LLC Delaware Montgomery CV Realty L.P. Delaware NC Properties #1, LLC Delaware NC Properties #2, LLC Delaware New Plan Australian Member, LLC Delaware New Plan Cinnaminson Urban Renewal, L.L.C. New Jersey New Plan Disbursing LLC Delaware New Plan DRP Trust Maryland New Plan ERP Limited Partner Company Maryland New Plan ERT Tyrone Gardens, LLC Delaware New Plan Florida Holdings, LLC Delaware New Plan Hampton Village, LLC Delaware New Plan of Arlington Heights, LLC Delaware New Plan of Cinnaminson GP, LLC Delaware New Plan of Cinnaminson LP Delaware New Plan of Michigan Member, LLC Delaware New Plan of West Ridge, LLC Delaware New Plan Pennsylvania Holdings, LLC Delaware New Plan Property Holding Company Maryland New Plan Realty Trust, LLC Delaware NewSem Tyrone Gardens Property Owner, LLC Delaware NewSem Tyrone Gardens, LLC Delaware Newtown Village Plaza Associates L.P. Delaware Newtown Village Plaza LLC Delaware Northeast Plaza Outparcel Owner LLC Delaware Orange Plaza LLC Delaware Orange Plaza Manager LLC Delaware Pointe Orlando Development Company California Rio Grande Associates Pennsylvania Rio Grande Plaza LLC Delaware Salmon Run Plaza LLC Delaware Springfield Parcel LLC Delaware Springfield Supermarket LLC Delaware 

Legal Entity Name State of Formation Springfield Supermarket Manager LLC Delaware The Shoppes at Wycliffe Property Owners Association, Inc. Florida Super LLC Maryland Vestal Campus Plaza LLC Delaware Vestal Parkway Plaza LLC Delaware Vestal Retail Holdings, L.L.C. Delaware Vestal Shoppes LLC Delaware Vestal Town Square LLC Delaware Vestal Town Square Manager LLC Delaware Village Plaza LLC Delaware Village Plaza Manager LLC Delaware Werk Road Acquisition LLC Delaware Williamson Square Associates Limited Partnership Illinois 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 brx-20221231ex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-256637 and 333-235277 on Forms S-3 and Registration Statement No. 333-191971 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 13, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules of Brixmor Property Group Inc. and Subsidiaries, and the effectiveness of Brixmor Property Group Inc. and Subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Brixmor Property Group Inc. and Subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 February 13, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 7
 brx-20221231ex232.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

Exhibit 23.2 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-256637-01 and 333-235277-01 on Forms S-3 of our reports dated February 13, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules of Brixmor Operating Partnership LP and Subsidiaries, and the effectiveness of Brixmor Operating Partnership LP and Subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Brixmor Operating Partnership LP and Subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 February 13, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 brx-20221231ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, James M. Taylor, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of Brixmor Property Group Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 13, 2023 s James M. Taylor Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 brx-20221231ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Angela Aman, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of Brixmor Property Group Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 13, 2023 s Angela Aman Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 10
 brx-20221231ex313.htm
 EX-31.3

Document 

Exhibit 31.3 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, James M. Taylor, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of Brixmor Operating Partnership LP 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 13, 2023 s James M. Taylor Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-31.4>
 11
 brx-20221231ex314.htm
 EX-31.4

Document 

Exhibit 31.4 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Angela Aman, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of Brixmor Operating Partnership LP 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 13, 2023 s Angela Aman Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.4>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 brx-20221231ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Brixmor Property Group Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officers of the Company hereby certify, to such officers knowledge, that 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the periods presented therein. 
 
 Date February 13, 2023 s James M. Taylor Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) s Angela Aman Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 brx-20221231ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Brixmor Operating Partnership LP (the Operating Partnership on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officers of the Operating Partnership hereby certify, to such officers knowledge, that 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Operating Partnership for the periods presented therein. 
 
 Date February 13, 2023 s James M. Taylor Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) s Angela Aman Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 14
 brx-20221231ex991.htm
 EX-99.1

Document 

Exhibit 99.1 
 BRIXMOR PROPERTY GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 PROPERTY LIST 
 Property Name City State Metropolitan Statistical Area Year Built GLA Percent Leased ABR (,000 s) ABR PSF (1) 
 Grocer (2) 
 Other Major Tenants Non-Owned Major Tenants 1 Springdale Mobile AL Mobile, AL 2004 410,401 85.8 4,369 12.70 Sam's Club Bed Bath & Beyond, Big Lots, Burke's Outlet, Burlington Stores, Conn's HomePlus, Cost Plus World Market, Crunch Fitness, David's Bridal, Fresenius Medical Care, Marshalls, Shoe Station 2 Northmall Centre Tucson AZ Tucson, AZ 1996 165,350 79.3 1,825 13.92 Sam's Club Bookmans, CareMore, Defy-Tucson 3 Bakersfield Plaza Bakersfield CA Bakersfield, CA 1970 240,068 97.8 3,687 16.00 Lassens Natural Foods & Vitamins AMC, Burlington Stores, Five Below, In Shape Fitness, Ross Dress for Less Hobby Lobby 4 Brea Gateway Brea CA Los Angeles-Long Beach-Anaheim, CA 1994 181,819 100.0 4,802 26.41 Ralphs (Kroger) Cost Plus World Market, HomeGoods, Rite Aid 5 Carmen Plaza Camarillo CA Oxnard-Thousand Oaks-Ventura, CA 2000 128,369 95.1 3,210 27.80 TBA, Trader Joe's CVS, Harbor Freight Tools, Pet Supplies Plus 6 Plaza Rio Vista Cathedral CA Riverside-San Bernardino-Ontario, CA 2005 75,415 96.6 1,465 22.51 Stater Bros. 7 Cudahy Plaza Cudahy CA Los Angeles-Long Beach-Anaheim, CA 2021 123,149 100.0 2,794 22.69 Big Lots, Burlington Stores, Chuze Fitness 8 The Davis Collection Davis CA Sacramento-Roseville-Folsom, CA 1964 105,531 32.5 936 27.26 Trader Joe's 9 Felicita Plaza Escondido CA San Diego-Chula Vista-Carlsbad, CA 2001 98,594 100.0 1,746 17.71 Vons (Albertsons) Chuze Fitness 10 Felicita Town Center Escondido CA San Diego-Chula Vista-Carlsbad, CA 1987 124,670 99.8 3,267 26.27 Major Market, Trader Joe's Rite Aid 11 Arbor - Broadway Faire (3) 
 Fresno CA Fresno, CA 1995 255,149 83.3 3,264 15.35 Smart & Final Extra! PetSmart, The Home Depot DICK's Sporting Goods 12 Lompoc Center Lompoc CA Santa Maria-Santa Barbara, CA 1960 166,696 96.9 2,207 13.66 ALDI Boot Barn, Five Below, Harbor Freight Tools, Marshalls, Michaels, Old Navy, Ulta 13 Briggsmore Plaza Modesto CA Modesto, CA 1998 89,689 100.0 1,300 14.90 Grocery Outlet American Freight, dd's Discounts (Ross) In Shape Fitness 14 Montebello Plaza Montebello CA Los Angeles-Long Beach-Anaheim, CA 1974 284,331 100.0 6,550 23.22 Albertsons Best Buy, CVS, Five Below, Kohl's, Ross Dress for Less 15 California Oaks Center Murrieta CA Riverside-San Bernardino-Ontario, CA 1990 124,481 98.4 2,316 19.52 Barons Market Crunch Fitness, Dollar Tree 16 Pacoima Center Pacoima CA Los Angeles-Long Beach-Anaheim, CA 1995 202,773 100.0 2,468 12.17 Food 4 Less (Kroger) Ross Dress for Less, Target 17 Metro 580 Pleasanton CA San Francisco-Oakland-Berkeley, CA 1996 177,573 93.4 2,626 33.81 Kohl's, Party City Walmart 18 Rose Pavilion Pleasanton CA San Francisco-Oakland-Berkeley, CA 2019 329,421 96.0 8,834 27.99 99 Ranch Market, Trader Joe's CVS, Macy's Home Store, Restoration Hardware, Total Wine & More 19 Puente Hills Town Center Rowland Heights CA Los Angeles-Long Beach-Anaheim, CA 1984 258,685 91.1 6,176 26.19 Marshalls, Planet Fitness 20 Ocean View Plaza San Clemente CA Los Angeles-Long Beach-Anaheim, CA 1990 169,963 100.0 5,610 33.01 Ralphs (Kroger), Trader Joe's Crunch Fitness, CVS 21 Plaza By The Sea San Clemente CA Los Angeles-Long Beach-Anaheim, CA 1976 48,697 100.0 1,352 27.76 Stater Bros. 22 Village at Mira Mesa (4) 
 San Diego CA San Diego-Chula Vista-Carlsbad, CA 2023 432,079 100.0 11,324 27.04 Sprouts Farmers Market, Vons (Albertsons) BevMo, Burlington Stores, CVS, Marshalls, Michaels, Mira Mesa Lanes 23 San Dimas Plaza San Dimas CA Los Angeles-Long Beach-Anaheim, CA 1986 164,757 98.8 3,990 24.50 Smart & Final Extra! Harbor Freight Tools, T.J.Maxx 24 Bristol Plaza Santa Ana CA Los Angeles-Long Beach-Anaheim, CA 2003 111,403 92.5 3,463 34.36 Trader Joe's Petco, Rite Aid, Ross Dress for less 25 Gateway Plaza Santa Fe Springs CA Los Angeles-Long Beach-Anaheim, CA 2002 289,268 100.0 3,734 25.11 El Super, Walmart Supercenter Esporta Fitness, Ross Dress for Less Target 26 Santa Paula Center Santa Paula CA Oxnard-Thousand Oaks-Ventura, CA 1995 191,475 97.6 2,439 13.35 Vons (Albertsons) Ace Hardware, Big Lots, CVS 27 Vail Ranch Center (4) 
 Temecula CA Riverside-San Bernardino-Ontario, CA 2023 201,682 99.5 3,755 25.01 Stater Bros. Burlington Stores, Five Below, Rite Aid 28 Country Hills Shopping Center Torrance CA Los Angeles-Long Beach-Anaheim, CA 1977 53,200 97.2 1,139 22.03 Ralphs (Kroger) 29 Upland Town Square Upland CA Riverside-San Bernardino-Ontario, CA 1994 100,090 96.1 2,235 23.23 Sprouts Farmers Market 30 Gateway Plaza - Vallejo (4) 
 Vallejo CA Vallejo, CA 2023 519,324 99.6 11,087 21.61 Costco Bed Bath & Beyond, Century Theatres, City Sports Club, DSW, Five Below, Marshalls, Michaels, OfficeMax, Party City, Petco, PetSmart, Ross Dress for Less, Ulta Target 31 Arvada Plaza Arvada CO Denver-Aurora-Lakewood, CO 1994 95,236 100.0 824 8.65 King Soopers (Kroger) Arc 32 Arapahoe Crossings Aurora CO Denver-Aurora-Lakewood, CO 1996 476,988 99.4 7,649 16.28 King Soopers (Kroger) 2nd & Charles, AMC Theatres, Big Lots, Burlington Stores, buybuy BABY, DICK S Sporting Goods Warehouse Sale, Goldfish Swim School, Kohl's, Planet Fitness 33 Aurora Plaza Aurora CO Denver-Aurora-Lakewood, CO 1996 178,013 100.0 2,155 12.53 King Soopers (Kroger) Chuze Fitness, iGen 34 Villa Monaco Denver CO Denver-Aurora-Lakewood, CO 1978 122,803 96.9 1,975 16.83 Chuze Fitness 35 Centennial Shopping Center Englewood CO Denver-Aurora-Lakewood, CO 2013 113,830 95.3 1,165 37.45 King Soopers (Kroger) Pet Supplies Plus 36 Superior Marketplace Superior CO Boulder, CO 1997 275,919 86.9 4,154 17.33 Whole Foods Market, Costco , SuperTarget Goldfish Swim School, Michaels, OfficeMax, PetSmart, Stickley Furniture, T.J.Maxx, Ulta 37 Westminster City Center (4) 
 Westminster CO Denver-Aurora-Lakewood, CO 2023 331,128 94.4 4,602 14.72 Barnes & Noble, buybuy BABY, David's Bridal, Five Below, Golf Galaxy, JOANN, Ross Dress for Less, Sierra Trading Post, Tile Shop, Ulta 38 The Shoppes at Fox Run Glastonbury CT Hartford-East Hartford-Middletown, CT 1974 106,498 92.4 2,674 27.17 Whole Foods Market Petco 39 Groton Square Groton CT Norwich-New London, CT 1987 196,802 96.2 2,471 13.05 Super Stop & Shop (Ahold Delhaize) Kohl's Walmart 

Property Name City State Metropolitan Statistical Area Year Built GLA Percent Leased ABR (,000 s) ABR PSF (1) 
 Grocer (2) 
 Other Major Tenants Non-Owned Major Tenants 40 Parkway Plaza Hamden CT New Haven-Milford, CT 2006 72,353 95.2 1,055 15.32 PriceRite (Wakefern) The Home Depot 41 The Manchester Collection Manchester CT Hartford-East Hartford-Middletown, CT 2001 327,775 90.6 3,471 11.69 Walmart Supercenter Bed Bath & Beyond, Cost Plus World Market, DICK S Sporting Goods Warehouse Sale, DSW, Edge Fitness, Frontera Grill, Hobby Lobby, U.S. Furniture Best Buy, The Home Depot, Walmart 42 Turnpike Plaza Newington CT Hartford-East Hartford-Middletown, CT 2004 149,894 55.8 1,580 18.88 Price Chopper 43 North Haven Crossing North Haven CT New Haven-Milford, CT 1993 103,365 97.7 1,783 17.65 Barnes & Noble, Dollar Tree, Five Below, HomeGoods, Lumber Liquidators, PetSmart 44 Christmas Tree Plaza Orange CT New Haven-Milford, CT 1996 133,786 92.3 1,460 11.82 Christmas Tree Shops, Montana Nights Axe Throwing, U.S. Furniture 45 Stratford Square Stratford CT Bridgeport-Stamford-Norwalk, CT 1984 161,075 100.0 2,738 17.00 Esporta Fitness, Five Below, Marshalls 46 Waterbury Plaza Waterbury CT New Haven-Milford, CT 2000 178,786 88.9 2,253 14.17 Super Stop & Shop (Ahold Delhaize) DLTR, Dollar Tree Target 47 Waterford Commons Waterford CT Norwich-New London, CT 2004 243,511 89.9 4,143 19.74 DICK S Sporting Goods, DSW, Michaels, Party City, Tractor Supply Co., Ulta Best Buy, Raymour & Flanigan 48 Center of Bonita Springs Bonita Springs FL Cape Coral-Fort Myers, FL 2014 281,394 98.9 4,067 14.99 Publix Anthony's Ladies Apparel, Bealls Outlet, Burlington Stores, Crunch Fitness, Naples Community Hospital, NewSouth Window Solutions, Old Time Pottery 49 Coastal Way - Coastal Landing Brooksville FL Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater, FL 2008 374,598 99.1 4,380 14.20 Bed Bath & Beyond, Belk, HomeGoods, Icon EV, Marshalls, Michaels, Office Depot, Petco, Ulta 50 Clearwater Mall Clearwater FL Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater, FL 1973 300,929 95.1 7,054 24.65 Costco , SuperTarget Burlington Stores, David's Bridal, Five Below, Michaels, PetSmart, Ross Dress for Less, Total Music & Theatre Conservatory Lowe's 51 Coconut Creek Plaza Coconut Creek FL Miami-Fort Lauderdale-Pompano Beach, FL 2005 264,129 95.8 4,035 16.15 Publix Big Lots, CareerSource Broward, Harvest Church, Off the Wall Trampoline, Planet Fitness, Wellmax Medical Center 52 Century Plaza Shopping Center Deerfield Beach FL Miami-Fort Lauderdale-Pompano Beach, FL 2006 90,483 85.2 1,948 25.27 Broward County Library, CVS 53 Northgate Shopping Center DeLand FL Deltona-Daytona Beach-Ormond Beach, FL 1993 182,054 100.0 1,691 9.29 Publix Big Lots, Planet Fitness, Tractor Supply Co. 54 Sun Plaza Fort Walton Beach FL Crestview-Fort Walton Beach-Destin, FL 2004 158,118 97.6 1,907 12.36 Publix Bealls Outlet, Books-A-Million, Office Depot, T.J.Maxx 55 Normandy Square Jacksonville FL Jacksonville, FL 1996 90,384 100.0 949 10.81 Winn-Dixie (Southeastern Grocers) Ace Hardware, Family Dollar 56 Regency Park Shopping Center Jacksonville FL Jacksonville, FL 1985 330,567 96.4 2,788 9.40 American Signature Furniture, Bealls Outlet, Crunch Fitness, David's Bridal, Dollar Tree, Ollie's Bargain Outlet, Surplus Warehouse 57 Ventura Downs Kissimmee FL Orlando-Kissimmee-Sanford, FL 2018 98,191 98.6 1,949 20.14 Dollar Tree, Esporta Fitness 58 Marketplace at Wycliffe Lake Worth FL Miami-Fort Lauderdale-Pompano Beach, FL 2002 135,820 96.5 2,656 20.63 Walmart Neighborhood Market Walgreens 59 Venetian Isle Shopping Ctr Lighthouse Point FL Miami-Fort Lauderdale-Pompano Beach, FL 1992 183,816 79.3 1,748 12.42 Publix Daily Dealz, Dollar Tree, Petco, Staples 60 Marco Town Center (4) 
 Marco Island FL Naples-Marco Island, FL 2023 109,545 92.5 2,744 27.09 Publix 61 Mall at 163rd Street Miami FL Miami-Fort Lauderdale-Pompano Beach, FL 2007 342,385 82.2 3,464 12.63 Walmart Supercenter Citi Trends, Ross Dress for Less The Home Depot 62 Shops at Palm Lakes (4) 
 Miami FL Miami-Fort Lauderdale-Pompano Beach, FL 2023 231,536 100.0 5,195 24.52 Fresco y M s (Southeastern Grocers) dd's Discounts (Ross), LA Fitness, Miami Beach Healthcare Group, Ross Dress for Less 63 Freedom Square Naples FL Naples-Marco Island, FL 2021 193,242 100.0 2,825 14.62 Publix Burlington Stores, HomeGoods, Planet Fitness 64 Granada Shoppes Naples FL Naples-Marco Island, FL 2011 306,981 100.0 5,479 17.85 Trader Joe's Advance Auto Parts, Chuck E. Cheese's, Hobby Lobby, Marshalls, Tuesday Morning 65 Naples Plaza Naples FL Naples-Marco Island, FL 2013 201,795 98.7 3,865 19.75 Publix Marshalls, Office Depot, PGA TOUR Superstore 66 Park Shore Plaza Naples FL Naples-Marco Island, FL 2017 256,948 100.0 5,179 21.26 The Fresh Market Big Lots, Burlington Stores, HomeGoods, Party City, Saks OFF Fifth, Yard House 67 Chelsea Place New Port Richey FL Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater, FL 1992 81,144 100.0 1,146 14.12 Publix Zone Fitness Club 68 Presidential Plaza West North Lauderdale FL Miami-Fort Lauderdale-Pompano Beach, FL 2006 88,441 100.0 1,104 12.48 Sedano's Family Dollar 69 Colonial Marketplace Orlando FL Orlando-Kissimmee-Sanford, FL 1986 141,069 100.0 2,609 18.49 Burlington Stores, LA Fitness Target 70 Conway Crossing Orlando FL Orlando-Kissimmee-Sanford, FL 2002 76,321 100.0 1,193 15.63 Publix 71 Hunter's Creek Plaza Orlando FL Orlando-Kissimmee-Sanford, FL 1998 74,583 100.0 1,359 18.22 Seabra Foods Office Depot 72 Pointe Orlando (4) 
 Orlando FL Orlando-Kissimmee-Sanford, FL 2023 418,282 90.5 10,582 28.44 Capital Grille, Cuba Libre, Hampton Social, Improv & Fat Fish Blue, Maggiano's Little Italy, Main Event, Regal Cinemas, Rodizio Grill, Sports & Social 73 Martin Downs Town Center Palm City FL Port St. Lucie, FL 1996 64,546 100.0 851 13.18 Publix 74 Martin Downs Village Center Palm City FL Port St. Lucie, FL 1987 162,592 94.3 3,046 20.43 Coastal Care, Walgreens 75 23rd Street Station Panama City FL Panama City, FL 1995 98,827 92.4 1,385 15.17 Publix Pet Supplies Plus 76 Panama City Square Panama City FL Panama City, FL 1989 298,665 100.0 2,804 9.39 Walmart Supercenter Big Lots, Harbor Freight Tools, HomeGoods, T.J.Maxx 77 East Port Plaza (4) 
 Port St. Lucie FL Port St. Lucie, FL 2023 214,489 91.5 2,826 14.41 Publix Fortis Institute, Urban Air Adventure Park, Walgreens 78 Shoppes of Victoria Square Port St. Lucie FL Port St. Lucie, FL 1990 95,186 98.9 1,312 13.93 Winn-Dixie (Southeastern Grocers) Dollar Tree 79 Lake St. Charles Riverview FL Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater, FL 1999 61,015 100.0 758 13.29 Winn-Dixie (Southeastern Grocers) 80 Cobblestone Village Royal Palm Beach FL Miami-Fort Lauderdale-Pompano Beach, FL 2005 39,404 100.0 872 22.13 SuperTarget The Zoo Health Club 81 Beneva Village Shoppes Sarasota FL North Port-Sarasota-Bradenton, FL 2020 144,078 100.0 2,870 19.92 Publix Archwell Health, Harbor Freight Tools, Pet Supermarket 82 Sarasota Village Sarasota FL North Port-Sarasota-Bradenton, FL 1972 173,184 100.0 2,180 12.91 Publix Big Lots, Crunch Fitness, HomeGoods 83 Atlantic Plaza Satellite Beach FL Palm Bay-Melbourne-Titusville, FL 2008 126,333 95.9 1,768 14.59 Publix Home Centric, Planet Fitness 84 Seminole Plaza Seminole FL Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater, FL 2020 156,718 99.3 2,141 13.75 Sprouts Farmers Market Bealls Outlet, Burlington Stores, T.J.Maxx 85 Cobblestone Village St. Augustine FL Jacksonville, FL 2003 274,200 100.0 4,422 16.13 Publix Bealls, Bed Bath & Beyond, Michaels, Party City, Petco 

Property Name City State Metropolitan Statistical Area Year Built GLA Percent Leased ABR (,000 s) ABR PSF (1) 
 Grocer (2) 
 Other Major Tenants Non-Owned Major Tenants 86 Dolphin Village St. Pete Beach FL Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater, FL 1990 135,796 89.2 2,182 18.02 Publix CVS, Dollar Tree 87 Rutland Plaza St. Petersburg FL Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater, FL 2002 149,562 98.8 1,405 9.51 Winn-Dixie (Southeastern Grocers) Bealls Outlet, Big Lots 88 Tyrone Gardens (4) 
 St. Petersburg FL Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater, FL 2023 195,214 84.5 2,078 12.59 Winn-Dixie (Southeastern Grocers) Big Lots, Chuck E. Cheese s, Crunch Fitness 89 Downtown Publix Stuart FL Port St. Lucie, FL 2000 151,246 85.6 1,869 14.44 Publix Flooring USA 90 Sunrise Town Center Sunrise FL Miami-Fort Lauderdale-Pompano Beach, FL 1989 110,109 90.5 815 8.18 Patel Brothers Dollar Tree Walmart 91 Carrollwood Center Tampa FL Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater, FL 2002 92,678 98.9 1,792 19.55 Publix Rarehues 92 Ross Plaza Tampa FL Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater, FL 1996 84,707 95.2 1,367 16.95 Dollar Tree, Lumber Liquidators, Ross Dress for Less 93 Tarpon Mall Tarpon Springs FL Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater, FL 2003 145,832 100.0 2,545 17.45 Publix Petco, T.J.Maxx, Ulta 94 Venice Plaza Venice FL North Port-Sarasota-Bradenton, FL 1999 132,345 98.8 1,065 8.15 Winn-Dixie (Southeastern Grocers) Lumber Liquidators, Pet Supermarket, T.J.Maxx 95 Venice Shopping Center Venice FL North Port-Sarasota-Bradenton, FL 2000 109,801 95.7 960 9.14 Publix American Freight Furniture 96 Venice Village Venice FL North Port-Sarasota-Bradenton, FL 2022 175,342 95.5 3,291 19.66 Publix JOANN, Planet Fitness 97 Mansell Crossing Alpharetta GA Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Alpharetta, GA 1993 280,749 91.1 3,495 18.35 Barnes & Noble, DSW, Macy's Furniture Gallery, REI, T.J.Maxx Burlington Stores, buybuy BABY, HomeGoods, Michaels, Ross Dress for Less, Studio Movie Grill 98 Northeast Plaza Atlanta GA Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Alpharetta, GA 1952 445,042 87.0 4,727 12.48 City Farmers Market Buckhead Fight Club, dd's Discounts (Ross), Happy Land Dresses, HippoHopp, NCG Cinemas 99 Augusta West Plaza Augusta GA Augusta-Richmond County, GA-SC 2006 170,681 99.2 1,437 8.49 At Home, Dollar Tree, Hibachi Grill & Supreme Buffet, Octapharma 100 Sweetwater Village Austell GA Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Alpharetta, GA 1985 66,197 100.0 580 8.76 Food Depot Family Dollar 101 Vineyards at Chateau Elan Braselton GA Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Alpharetta, GA 2002 79,047 100.0 1,284 16.24 Publix 102 Salem Road Station Covington GA Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Alpharetta, GA 2000 67,270 100.0 835 12.41 Publix 103 Keith Bridge Commons Cumming GA Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Alpharetta, GA 2002 94,886 97.1 1,321 14.34 Kroger 104 Northside Dalton GA Dalton, GA 2001 78,922 99.0 872 11.92 America's Thirft Stores, Dollar Tree 105 Cosby Station Douglasville GA Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Alpharetta, GA 1994 77,811 100.0 954 12.26 Publix 106 Park Plaza Douglasville GA Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Alpharetta, GA 1986 46,670 88.8 771 18.69 Kroger 107 Venture Pointe Duluth GA Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Alpharetta, GA 1995 155,172 100.0 1,773 11.43 Costco American Signature Furniture, Ollie's Bargain Outlet, Studio Movie Grill Big Lots 108 Banks Station Fayetteville GA Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Alpharetta, GA 2006 178,871 85.5 1,454 11.17 Food Depot Staples 109 Barrett Place Kennesaw GA Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Alpharetta, GA 1992 218,818 100.0 2,698 12.33 ALDI Best Buy, Duluth Trading, Georgia Furniture Mart, Michaels, OfficeMax, PetSmart 110 Shops of Huntcrest Lawrenceville GA Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Alpharetta, GA 2003 97,040 94.6 1,324 14.42 Publix 111 Mableton Walk Mableton GA Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Alpharetta, GA 1994 105,884 93.7 1,552 15.64 Publix 112 The Village at Mableton (4) 
 Mableton GA Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Alpharetta, GA 2023 222,161 95.9 2,065 9.69 Burlington Stores, Dashmart, dd's Discounts (Ross), Dollar Tree, Ollie's Bargain Outlet, Planet Fitness, Ross Dress for Less 113 Eastlake Plaza Marietta GA Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Alpharetta, GA 1982 56,840 97.9 771 14.34 Crunch Fitness 114 New Chastain Corners Marietta GA Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Alpharetta, GA 2004 113,079 95.1 1,376 12.80 Kroger 115 Pavilions at Eastlake Marietta GA Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Alpharetta, GA 1996 144,151 97.5 2,149 15.30 Kroger 116 Creekwood Village Rex GA Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Alpharetta, GA 1990 69,778 100.0 677 9.70 Food Depot 117 ConneXion Roswell GA Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Alpharetta, GA 2016 107,687 94.9 1,983 19.40 My Salon Suites 118 Holcomb Bridge Crossing Roswell GA Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Alpharetta, GA 1988 93,420 92.7 1,069 12.35 PGA TOUR Superstore 119 Kings Market Roswell GA Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Alpharetta, GA 2005 275,294 92.8 2,895 11.33 Publix Ace Pickleball Club, Frontgate, SkyZone, TK Volleyball 120 Victory Square Savannah GA Savannah, GA 2007 119,919 96.0 1,693 14.71 SuperTarget Citi Trends, Dollar Tree, NCG Cinemas, Staples The Home Depot 121 Stockbridge Village Stockbridge GA Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Alpharetta, GA 2008 184,185 98.3 3,101 17.12 Kroger 122 Stone Mountain Festival Stone Mountain GA Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Alpharetta, GA 2006 135,865 93.8 1,592 12.49 Conn's Home Plus, Harbor Freight, NCG Cinemas 123 Wilmington Island Wilmington Island GA Savannah, GA 1985 101,462 97.2 1,137 11.53 Kroger 124 Haymarket Square Des Moines IA Des Moines-West Des Moines, IA 1979 269,705 73.9 1,657 8.32 Big Lots, Genesis Health Club, Many Hands Thrift, Northern Tool + Equipment, Office Depot, Skechers 125 Annex of Arlington Arlington Heights IL Chicago-Naperville-Elgin, IL-IN-WI 1999 199,663 96.3 3,785 19.69 Trader Joe's Chuck E. Cheese's, Kirkland's, Petco, Ulta 126 Ridge Plaza Arlington Heights IL Chicago-Naperville-Elgin, IL-IN-WI 2000 151,643 96.0 2,209 15.17 DashMart, XSport Fitness, Wholesalers Unlimited Kohl's 127 Southfield Plaza Bridgeview IL Chicago-Naperville-Elgin, IL-IN-WI 2006 196,445 100.0 2,465 12.55 Shop & Save Market Hobby Lobby, Octapharma, Planet Fitness, Walgreens 128 Commons of Chicago Ridge Chicago Ridge IL Chicago-Naperville-Elgin, IL-IN-WI 1998 324,977 97.7 4,720 15.99 KPot Korean BBQ & Hot Pot, Marshalls, Ross Dress for Less, The Home Depot, XSport Fitness 129 Rivercrest Shopping Center Crestwood IL Chicago-Naperville-Elgin, IL-IN-WI 1992 541,651 84.9 5,718 13.27 AMC Theatre, At Home, Burlington Stores, Five Below, Party City, PetSmart, Planet Fitness, Ross Dress for Less 

Property Name City State Metropolitan Statistical Area Year Built GLA Percent Leased ABR (,000 s) ABR PSF (1) 
 Grocer (2) 
 Other Major Tenants Non-Owned Major Tenants 130 The Commons of Crystal Lake Crystal Lake IL Chicago-Naperville-Elgin, IL-IN-WI 1987 273,060 77.4 2,228 10.54 Jewel-Osco (Albertsons) Burlington Stores Hobby Lobby 131 Elk Grove Town Center Elk Grove Village IL Chicago-Naperville-Elgin, IL-IN-WI 1998 47,704 100.0 1,001 22.00 Dollar Tree 132 Elmhurst Crossing Elmhurst IL Chicago-Naperville-Elgin, IL-IN-WI 2005 347,503 100.0 4,878 14.04 Whole Foods Market At Home, Kohl's, Petco, Shoe Carnival 133 The Quentin Collection Kildeer IL Chicago-Naperville-Elgin, IL-IN-WI 2006 171,530 76.8 1,971 14.96 Bear Paddle Swim School, Best Buy, Painted Tree Marketplace, PetSmart 134 Butterfield Square Libertyville IL Chicago-Naperville-Elgin, IL-IN-WI 1997 106,683 86.3 1,563 16.97 Sunset Foods 135 High Point Centre Lombard IL Chicago-Naperville-Elgin, IL-IN-WI 2019 240,007 66.3 2,078 13.06 Altitude Trampoline Park, David's Bridal, JOANN, LA Fitness 136 Long Meadow Commons Mundelein IL Chicago-Naperville-Elgin, IL-IN-WI 1997 118,281 95.2 1,788 16.73 Jewel-Osco Planet Fitness 137 Westridge Court (3) 
 Naperville IL Chicago-Naperville-Elgin, IL-IN-WI 1992 682,650 73.7 7,547 15.25 The Fresh Market Bed Bath & Beyond, buybuy BABY, Cost Plus World Market, DICK'S Sporting Goods, Edge Fitness, Five Below, La-Z-Boy Furniture, Painted Tree Marketplace, Star Cinema Grille, Ulta 138 North Riverside Plaza North Riverside IL Chicago-Naperville-Elgin, IL-IN-WI 2007 387,873 96.2 4,417 11.84 Amazon Fresh Best Buy, Burlington Stores, Kohl's, Michaels, Petco 139 Ravinia Plaza Orland Park IL Chicago-Naperville-Elgin, IL-IN-WI 1990 101,800 91.9 1,716 18.33 Whole Foods Market Skechers 140 Rollins Crossing Round Lake Beach IL Chicago-Naperville-Elgin, IL-IN-WI 1998 192,913 93.8 1,915 17.67 Asian Grill Sushi Buffet, Esporta Fitness, Regal Cinemas 141 Tinley Park Plaza Tinley Park IL Chicago-Naperville-Elgin, IL-IN-WI 2022 237,973 79.5 3,125 16.51 Amazon Fresh Burlington Stores, Planet Fitness, Tile Shop 142 Meridian Village Carmel IN Indianapolis-Carmel-Anderson, IN 1990 130,769 100.0 1,458 11.15 Dollar Tree, Godby Home Furnishings, Ollie's Bargain Outlet 143 Columbus Center Columbus IN Columbus, IN 1964 143,740 100.0 1,993 13.87 Burlington Stores, Five Below, OfficeMax, Pet Supplies Plus, T.J.Maxx, Ulta Target 144 Market Centre Goshen IN Elkhart-Goshen, IN 1994 214,067 94.7 2,631 12.98 Walmart Supercenter Aaron's, Burlington Stores, JOANN, Ross Dress for Less, Staples 145 Speedway Super Center Speedway IN Indianapolis-Carmel-Anderson, IN 2022 591,777 94.1 6,697 12.24 Kroger Aaron's, Burlington Stores, Harbor Freight Tools, Healthnet, Kohl's, Oak Street Health Center, Ross Dress for Less, Sears Outlet, T.J.Maxx 146 Sagamore Park Centre West Lafayette IN Lafayette-West Lafayette, IN 2018 132,027 100.0 1,407 10.66 Pay Less (Kroger) 147 Westchester Square Lenexa KS Kansas City, MO-KS 1987 161,701 91.4 1,538 10.40 Hy-Vee 148 West Loop Shopping Center Manhattan KS Manhattan, KS 2013 214,898 99.5 2,129 15.99 Dillons (Kroger) Bellus Academy, JOANN, Marshalls 149 North Dixie Plaza Elizabethtown KY Elizabethtown-Fort Knox, KY 1992 130,466 100.0 1,122 8.60 At Home, Staples 150 Florence Plaza - Florence Square (3) 
 Florence KY Cincinnati, OH-KY-IN 2014 686,741 94.8 8,332 16.29 Kroger Aaron's, Barnes & Noble, Bob's Discount Furniture, Burlington Stores, David's Bridal, Five Below, Harbor Freight Tools, Hobby Lobby, HomeGoods, Old Navy, Ollie's Bargain Outlet, Ross Dress for Less, Sierra Trading Post, Staples, T.J.Maxx 151 Jeffersontown Commons Jeffersontown KY Louisville Jefferson County, KY-IN 1959 208,388 80.4 1,731 10.99 Dollar Tree, King Pin Lanes 152 London Marketplace London KY London, KY 1994 165,826 100.0 1,609 9.70 Kroger Goody's, Kohl's, Marshalls, Planet Fitness 153 Eastgate Shopping Center Louisville KY Louisville Jefferson County, KY-IN 2002 174,842 100.0 2,109 12.06 Kroger Petco 154 Plainview Village Louisville KY Louisville Jefferson County, KY-IN 1997 158,009 98.7 1,849 12.46 Kroger Anytime Fitness 155 Stony Brook I & II Louisville KY Louisville Jefferson County, KY-IN 1988 158,940 99.1 2,056 13.06 Kroger Marketplace 156 Points West Plaza Brockton MA Boston-Cambridge-Newton, MA-NH 1960 141,451 98.5 1,172 8.41 America's Food Basket Citi Trends, Crunch Fitness, Jerusalem Discount Furniture 157 Burlington Square I, II & III Burlington MA Boston-Cambridge-Newton, MA-NH 1992 79,698 84.4 2,006 29.83 Golf Galaxy, Staples Duluth Trading Co. 158 Holyoke Shopping Center Holyoke MA Springfield, MA 2000 195,995 92.0 1,653 13.60 Super Stop & Shop (Ahold Delhaize) JOANN, Ocean State Job Lot 159 WaterTower Plaza (4) 
 Leominster MA Worcester, MA-CT 2023 284,757 96.6 3,822 14.16 TBA Barnes & Noble, Michaels, Party City, Petco, Staples, The Paper Store, T.J.Maxx, Ulta 160 Lunenberg Crossing Lunenburg MA Worcester, MA-CT 1994 25,515 100.0 390 15.29 Hannaford Bros. (Ahold Delhaize) Walmart 161 Lynn Marketplace Lynn MA Boston-Cambridge-Newton, MA-NH 1968 78,046 90.7 1,339 18.92 Stop And Compare Crunch Fitness, Rainbow Shops 162 Webster Square Shopping Center Marshfield MA Boston-Cambridge-Newton, MA-NH 2005 182,756 98.0 2,648 14.78 Star Market (Albertsons) Marshalls, Ocean State Job Lot, The Paper Store 163 Berkshire Crossing Pittsfield MA Pittsfield, MA 1994 188,444 99.1 2,978 15.95 Market 32 Barnes & Noble, Michaels, Staples, Ulta The Home Depot, Walmart 164 Westgate Plaza Westfield MA Springfield, MA 1996 126,093 95.5 1,319 13.51 ALDI Five Below, Ocean State Job Lot, Staples, T.J.Maxx 165 Perkins Farm Marketplace Worcester MA Worcester, MA-CT 1967 205,048 97.4 2,491 20.05 Super Stop & Shop (Ahold Delhaize) Citi Trends, Crunch Fitness, Ollie's Bargain Outlet 166 South Plaza Shopping Center California MD California-Lexington Park, MD 2005 92,335 100.0 1,847 20.00 Best Buy, Old Navy, Petco, Ross Dress for Less 167 Fox Run Prince Frederick MD Washington-Arlington-Alexandria, DC-VA-MD-WV 2022 279,569 99.0 4,405 16.39 Giant Food (Ahold Delhaize) Big Lots, Five Below, JOANN, Planet Fitness, Ross Dress for Less, Ulta 168 Pine Tree Shopping Center Portland ME Portland-South Portland, ME 1958 287,533 95.5 1,875 17.65 Big Lots, Dollar Tree, JOANN, Lowe's, O'Reilly Auto Parts 169 Arborland Center Ann Arbor MI Ann Arbor, MI 2000 403,536 95.8 7,041 18.47 Kroger Bed Bath & Beyond, DSW, Gardner White Furniture, Marshalls, Michaels, Nordstrom Rack, Ulta 170 Maple Village Ann Arbor MI Ann Arbor, MI 2020 288,528 97.9 4,956 17.54 Plum Market Burlington Stores, Dunham's Sports, HomeGoods, LA Fitness, Sierra Trading Post, Ulta 171 Grand Crossing Brighton MI Detroit-Warren-Dearborn, MI 2005 85,389 98.6 1,039 12.34 Busch s Fresh Food Market Ace Hardware 172 Farmington Crossroads Farmington MI Detroit-Warren-Dearborn, MI 1986 79,068 98.0 857 11.06 Dollar Tree, Ollie's Bargain Outlet, True Value 173 Silver Pointe Shopping Center Fenton MI Flint, MI 1996 164,632 100.0 2,195 13.42 VG's Food (SpartanNash) Dunham's Sports, Glik's Five Below, Michaels, Old Navy, T.J.Maxx 

Property Name City State Metropolitan Statistical Area Year Built GLA Percent Leased ABR (,000 s) ABR PSF (1) 
 Grocer (2) 
 Other Major Tenants Non-Owned Major Tenants 174 Cascade East Grand Rapids MI Grand Rapids-Kentwood, MI 1983 99,529 88.7 758 8.59 D&W Fresh Market (SpartanNash) 175 Delta Center Lansing MI Lansing-East Lansing, MI 1985 160,946 64.4 1,176 11.34 Bed Bath & Beyond, DXL Destination XL, Planet Fitness 176 Lakes Crossing Muskegon MI Muskegon, MI 2008 104,600 96.2 1,528 15.19 JOANN, Party City, Shoe Carnival, Ulta Kohl's 177 Redford Plaza Redford MI Detroit-Warren-Dearborn, MI 1992 304,283 85.9 3,074 11.76 Prince Valley Market Aaron's, Burlington Stores, Citi Trends, Dollar Tree, Lincoln Behavioral Services 178 Hampton Village Centre Rochester Hills MI Detroit-Warren-Dearborn, MI 2004 470,276 90.8 6,503 20.33 TBA DSW, Emagine Theatre, Five Below, Kohl's, Old Navy, Petco, T.J.Maxx, Ulta Target 179 Southfield Plaza Southfield MI Detroit-Warren-Dearborn, MI 1970 101,724 98.5 1,236 12.34 Citi Trends, Party City, Planet Fitness Burlington Stores, Forman Mills 180 18 Ryan Sterling Heights MI Detroit-Warren-Dearborn, MI 1997 101,564 100.0 948 9.33 Dream Market O'Reilly Auto Parts 181 Delco Plaza Sterling Heights MI Detroit-Warren-Dearborn, MI 1996 154,853 100.0 1,111 7.17 Amish Direct Furniture, Bed Bath & Beyond, Dunham's Mega Sports, Urban Air Adventure Park 182 West Ridge Westland MI Detroit-Warren-Dearborn, MI 1989 161,314 86.5 1,657 11.87 Bed Bath & Beyond, Crunch Fitness, Party City Petco, Ross Burlington Stores, Target 183 Washtenaw Fountain Plaza Ypsilanti MI Ann Arbor, MI 2005 122,762 97.0 954 8.01 Save-A-Lot Big Lots, Dollar Tree, Planet Fitness 184 Southport Centre I - VI Apple Valley MN Minneapolis-St. Paul-Bloomington, MN-WI 1985 124,260 99.0 2,424 19.70 SuperTarget Best Buy, Dollar Tree, Walgreens 185 Champlin Marketplace Champlin MN Minneapolis-St. Paul-Bloomington, MN-WI 2005 91,970 100.0 1,287 13.99 Cub Foods (United Natural Foods Inc.) 186 Burning Tree Plaza Duluth MN Duluth, MN-WI 1987 183,105 97.1 2,475 13.92 Best Buy, David's Bridal, HomeGoods, JOANN, T.J.Maxx 187 Westwind Plaza Minnetonka MN Minneapolis-St. Paul-Bloomington, MN-WI 2007 91,670 95.5 1,941 23.12 Cub Foods (United Natural Foods Inc.) Bethesda Thrift, Goldfish Swim School 188 Richfield Hub Richfield MN Minneapolis-St. Paul-Bloomington, MN-WI 1952 213,595 66.0 1,639 11.62 Marshalls, Michaels 189 Roseville Center Roseville MN Minneapolis-St. Paul-Bloomington, MN-WI 2021 82,576 94.2 1,042 19.58 ALDI, Cub Foods (Jerry's Foods) Dollar Tree 190 Marketplace 42 Savage MN Minneapolis-St. Paul-Bloomington, MN-WI 1999 118,693 100.0 1,988 16.75 Fresh Thyme Farmers Market Dollar Tree, Marshalls 191 Sun Ray Shopping Center St. Paul MN Minneapolis-St. Paul-Bloomington, MN-WI 1958 290,897 81.4 2,323 13.59 Cub Foods (United Natural Foods Inc.) BioLife Plasma Services, Planet Fitness 192 White Bear Hills Shopping Center White Bear Lake MN Minneapolis-St. Paul-Bloomington, MN-WI 1996 73,065 100.0 1,117 15.29 Festival Foods Dollar Tree 193 Ellisville Square Ellisville MO St. Louis, MO-IL 1989 137,408 96.5 1,710 13.21 ALDI Michaels, Party City, Petco, Tuesday Morning 194 Watts Mill Plaza Kansas City MO Kansas City, MO-KS 1997 161,717 83.5 1,320 9.78 Price Chopper 195 Liberty Corners Liberty MO Kansas City, MO-KS 1987 124,808 95.0 1,113 9.39 Price Chopper 196 Maplewood Square Maplewood MO St. Louis, MO-IL 1998 71,590 95.4 470 6.88 Schnucks 197 Devonshire Place Cary NC Raleigh-Cary, NC 1996 106,680 100.0 1,649 15.79 Burlington Stores, Dollar Tree, Harbor Freight Tools, REI 198 McMullen Creek Market Charlotte NC Charlotte-Concord-Gastonia, NC-SC 1988 285,424 94.8 4,530 16.74 Walmart Neighborhood Market Burlington Stores, Dollar Tree, PopShelf, Staples 199 The Commons at Chancellor Park Charlotte NC Charlotte-Concord-Gastonia, NC-SC 1994 348,604 100.0 2,196 9.04 Patel Brothers Big Air Trampoline, Big Lots, Gabriel Brothers, The Home Depot, Value City Furniture 200 Garner Towne Square Garner NC Raleigh-Cary, NC 1997 180,017 96.7 2,527 14.52 LIDL Burn Boot Camp, Citi Trends, Harbor Freight Tools, OfficeMax, PetSmart Target, The Home Depot 201 Franklin Square Gastonia NC Charlotte-Concord-Gastonia, NC-SC 1989 317,824 94.7 3,933 14.53 Walmart Supercenter Best Buy, Burke's Outlet, Dollar Tree, Five Below, Michaels, Partners in Primary Care, PopShelf, Ross Dress for Less, Skechers 202 Wendover Place Greensboro NC Greensboro-High Point, NC 2000 407,244 99.7 6,081 14.98 Burlington Stores, Christmas Tree Shops, DICK'S Sporting Goods, Kohl's, Michaels, Old Navy, PetSmart, Rainbow Shops, Ross Dress for Less, Ulta Target 203 University Commons Greenville NC Greenville, NC 1996 233,153 98.6 3,340 14.52 Harris Teeter (Kroger) Barnes & Noble, Petco, T.J.Maxx Target 204 Kinston Pointe Kinston NC Kinston, NC 2001 250,580 100.0 1,162 4.64 Walmart Supercenter Dollar Tree 205 Roxboro Square Roxboro NC Durham-Chapel Hill, NC 2005 97,226 97.1 1,561 16.54 Person County Health & Human Services 206 Innes Street Market Salisbury NC Charlotte-Concord-Gastonia, NC-SC 2002 349,425 100.0 4,326 12.38 Food Lion (Ahold Delhaize) Lowe's, Marshalls, Old Navy, PetSmart, Staples, Tinseltown 207 Crossroads Statesville NC Charlotte-Concord-Gastonia, NC-SC 1997 10,702 Walmart Supercenter Tractor Supply Co., Big Lots, Burkes Outlet 208 New Centre Market Wilmington NC Wilmington, NC 1998 143,762 97.5 2,087 15.31 Burlington Stores, PetSmart, PopShelf, Sportsmans Warehouse Target 209 University Commons Wilmington NC Wilmington, NC 2007 235,345 98.4 3,745 16.17 Lowes Foods HomeGoods, Skechers, T.J.Maxx 210 Parkway Plaza Winston-Salem NC Winston-Salem, NC 2005 279,630 83.1 2,594 11.98 Super Compare Foods Badcock Home Furniture, Citi Trends, Modern Home, Office Depot, O'Reilly Auto Parts 211 Stratford Commons Winston-Salem NC Winston-Salem, NC 1995 72,308 100.0 958 13.25 Chef Store, Golf Galaxy, Mattress Firm 212 Bedford Grove Bedford NH Manchester-Nashua, NH 1989 103,002 96.0 1,798 19.24 Bed Bath & Beyond, Boston Interiors 213 Capitol Shopping Center Concord NH Concord, NH 2001 194,612 97.4 2,515 14.02 Market Basket (DeMoulas Supermarkets) Burlington Stores, JOANN, Marshalls 214 Willow Springs Plaza Nashua NH Manchester-Nashua, NH 1990 131,248 100.0 2,540 21.10 Patel Brothers New Hampshire Liquor and Wine Outlet, Petco The Home Depot 215 Seacoast Shopping Center Seabrook NH Boston-Cambridge-Newton, MA-NH 1991 89,634 86.1 613 7.95 JOANN, The Zoo Health Club, Tractor Supply Co. Ashley Furniture, Cardi's Furniture, Ocean State Job Lot 216 Tri-City Plaza Somersworth NH Boston-Cambridge-Newton, MA-NH 1990 151,754 93.6 1,568 11.03 Market Basket (DeMoulas Supermarkets) Staples, T.J.Maxx 

Property Name City State Metropolitan Statistical Area Year Built GLA Percent Leased ABR (,000 s) ABR PSF (1) 
 Grocer (2) 
 Other Major Tenants Non-Owned Major Tenants 217 Laurel Square (4) 
 Brick NJ New York-Newark-Jersey City, NY-NJ-PA 2023 245,984 94.7 2,024 8.69 Livoti s Old World Market Ashley Homestore, At Home, Dollar Tree, Planet Fitness, Senior Helpers Town Square 218 The Shoppes at Cinnaminson Cinnaminson NJ Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington, PA-NJ-DE-MD 2010 301,211 95.5 4,704 24.44 ShopRite Burlington Stores, Planet Fitness, Ross Dress For Less 219 Acme Clark Clark NJ New York-Newark-Jersey City, NY-NJ-PA 2007 52,812 100.0 1,465 27.74 Acme (Albertsons) 220 Collegetown Shopping Center Glassboro NJ Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington, PA-NJ-DE-MD 2021 231,459 100.0 3,490 15.26 LIDL Big Lots, Esporta Fitness, Five Below, Ross Dress for Less, Ulta 221 Hamilton Plaza Hamilton NJ Trenton-Princeton, NJ 1972 149,993 97.3 2,099 14.38 Grocery Outlet 2nd Ave, Crab Du Jour, Dollar Tree, Family Dollar, Planet Fitness, Rothman Orthopaedic Institute 222 Bennetts Mills Plaza Jackson NJ New York-Newark-Jersey City, NY-NJ-PA 2002 127,230 96.2 1,637 13.38 Super Stop & Shop (Ahold Delhaize) Pet Supplies Plus 223 Marlton Crossing Marlton NJ Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington, PA-NJ-DE-MD 2019 337,878 97.3 7,454 22.79 Sprouts Farmers Market Burlington Stores, DSW, HomeGoods, Michaels, T.J. Maxx 224 Middletown Plaza Middletown NJ New York-Newark-Jersey City, NY-NJ-PA 2001 201,781 93.2 3,545 19.10 At Home, Petco 225 Larchmont Centre Mount Laurel NJ Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington, PA-NJ-DE-MD 1985 103,787 93.0 1,250 30.18 ShopRite 226 Old Bridge Gateway Old Bridge NJ New York-Newark-Jersey City, NY-NJ-PA 2022 254,548 100.0 4,709 18.50 Bhavani Food Market, TBA Marshalls, Pep Boys, Petco, Robert Wood Johnson Fitness 227 Morris Hills Shopping Center Parsippany NJ New York-Newark-Jersey City, NY-NJ-PA 1994 159,561 96.1 2,761 18.00 Blink Fitness (Equinox), HomeGoods, Marshalls 228 Rio Grande Plaza Rio Grande NJ Ocean City, NJ 1997 136,351 98.2 1,778 13.27 ShopRite Burlington Stores, PetSmart, Planet Fitness, Skechers 229 Ocean Heights Plaza Somers Point NJ Atlantic City-Hammonton, NJ 2006 179,199 96.4 3,437 19.89 ShopRite Dollar Tree, Staples 230 Springfield Place Springfield NJ New York-Newark-Jersey City, NY-NJ-PA 1965 36,209 100.0 664 18.34 ShopRite 231 Tinton Falls Plaza Tinton Falls NJ New York-Newark-Jersey City, NY-NJ-PA 2006 87,760 95.3 1,455 17.40 Dollar Tree, Jersey Strong Uncle Giuseppe's 232 Cross Keys Commons Turnersville NJ Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington, PA-NJ-DE-MD 1989 216,205 98.3 3,681 17.32 Walmart Supercenter Dollar Tree, Marshalls, Ross Dress for Less, Staples, Ulta 233 Parkway Plaza Carle Place NY New York-Newark-Jersey City, NY-NJ-PA 1993 89,704 92.3 2,681 32.38 ALDI T.J.Maxx 234 Suffolk Plaza East Setauket NY New York-Newark-Jersey City, NY-NJ-PA 1998 84,316 94.1 1,867 24.13 BJ's Wholesale , TBA Five Below Kohl's, Walmart 235 Three Village Shopping Center East Setauket NY New York-Newark-Jersey City, NY-NJ-PA 1991 77,458 92.4 2,110 29.49 Stop & Shop , Wild by Nature Market Ace Hardware Rite Aid 236 Stewart Plaza Garden City NY New York-Newark-Jersey City, NY-NJ-PA 2022 207,893 100.0 4,177 20.09 Burlington Stores, Dollar Tree, Floor & D cor, Phenix Salon Suites 237 Dalewood I, II & III Shopping Center (4) 
 Hartsdale NY New York-Newark-Jersey City, NY-NJ-PA 2023 196,318 94.5 6,810 37.51 H-Mart Barnes & Noble, Christmas Tree Shops, T.J.Maxx, Ulta 238 Unity Plaza Hopewell Junction NY Poughkeepsie-Newburgh-Middletown, NY 2005 67,462 100.0 1,426 21.14 Acme (Albertsons) True Value 239 Cayuga Mall Ithaca NY Ithaca, NY 1969 204,405 94.5 1,982 10.26 ALDI Big Lots, Dollar Tree, JOANN, Planet Fitness, True Value, VA Community Based Outpatient 240 Kings Park Plaza Kings Park NY New York-Newark-Jersey City, NY-NJ-PA 1985 72,208 100.0 1,630 22.57 Key Food Marketplace T.J.Maxx 241 Village Square Shopping Center Larchmont NY New York-Newark-Jersey City, NY-NJ-PA 1981 17,000 100.0 628 36.94 Trader Joe's 242 Falcaro's Plaza Lawrence NY New York-Newark-Jersey City, NY-NJ-PA 1972 61,904 100.0 1,552 25.07 KolSave Market Advance Auto Parts, Dollar Tree, Planet Fitness 243 Mamaroneck Centre Mamaroneck NY New York-Newark-Jersey City, NY-NJ-PA 2020 36,470 100.0 1,460 40.03 North Shore Farms CVS 244 Sunshine Square Medford NY New York-Newark-Jersey City, NY-NJ-PA 2007 223,322 97.6 3,345 15.83 Super Stop & Shop (Ahold Delhaize) Lumber Liquidators, Planet Fitness, Savers 245 Wallkill Plaza Middletown NY Poughkeepsie-Newburgh-Middletown, NY 1986 209,910 100.0 2,367 11.62 Big Lots, Citi Trends, David's Bridal, Hobby Lobby 246 Monroe ShopRite Plaza Monroe NY Poughkeepsie-Newburgh-Middletown, NY 1985 122,007 100.0 2,030 16.64 ShopRite Better Lifestyle Club, U.S. Post Office 247 Rockland Plaza Nanuet NY New York-Newark-Jersey City, NY-NJ-PA 2006 262,490 91.0 5,866 26.51 A Matter of Health Barnes & Noble, Marshalls, Quality Furniture & Electronic, Ulta 248 North Ridge Shopping Center New Rochelle NY New York-Newark-Jersey City, NY-NJ-PA 1971 39,743 96.3 1,486 38.84 Harmon Discount 249 Nesconset Shopping Center Port Jefferson Station NY New York-Newark-Jersey City, NY-NJ-PA 1961 129,996 92.4 3,224 26.84 Dollar Tree, HomeGoods 250 Riverhead Riverhead NY New York-Newark-Jersey City, NY-NJ-PA 2018 120,089 100.0 3,017 25.12 Costco HomeSense, Marshalls, Petsmart, Ulta 251 Roanoke Plaza Riverhead NY New York-Newark-Jersey City, NY-NJ-PA 2002 99,131 100.0 2,061 20.79 Fine Fare CVS, T.J.Maxx 252 Rockville Centre Rockville Centre NY New York-Newark-Jersey City, NY-NJ-PA 1975 44,131 100.0 1,284 29.10 HomeGoods, Rite Aid 253 College Plaza Selden NY New York-Newark-Jersey City, NY-NJ-PA 2013 188,214 92.7 3,623 24.93 ShopRite Five Below, Wren Kitchens Firestone 254 Campus Plaza Vestal NY Binghamton, NY 2003 160,744 87.6 1,861 13.22 Olum's Furniture & Appliances, Staples 255 Parkway Plaza Vestal NY Binghamton, NY 1995 207,154 100.0 2,318 11.19 DICK S Sporting Goods Warehouse Sale, JOANN, Kohl's, PetSmart Target 256 Shoppes at Vestal Vestal NY Binghamton, NY 2000 92,328 93.9 1,531 17.67 HomeGoods, Michaels, Old Navy 257 Town Square Mall (3) 
 Vestal NY Binghamton, NY 1991 291,346 94.9 4,775 17.27 Sam's Club , Walmart Supercenter AMC Vestal Town Square 9, Barnes & Noble, Burlington Stores, DICK'S Sporting Goods, Dollar Tree, DSW, GameStop, Starbucks, T.J.Maxx, Ulta 258 The Plaza at Salmon Run Watertown NY Watertown-Fort Drum, NY 1993 68,761 94.1 743 11.48 Hannaford Bros. (Ahold Delhaize) Red Robin Gourmet Burger Lowe's, Runnings 259 Highridge Plaza Yonkers NY New York-Newark-Jersey City, NY-NJ-PA 1977 88,501 95.2 2,798 33.22 H-Mart 260 Brunswick Town Center Brunswick OH Cleveland-Elyria, OH 2004 143,282 96.8 2,133 15.95 Giant Eagle The Home Depot 261 Brentwood Plaza Cincinnati OH Cincinnati, OH-KY-IN 2004 227,738 99.5 2,789 18.22 Kroger Ace Hardware, Petco, Planet Fitness, Rainbow Shops 262 Delhi Shopping Center Cincinnati OH Cincinnati, OH-KY-IN 1973 165,348 99.3 1,549 9.44 Kroger Pet Supplies Plus, Salvation Army 

Property Name City State Metropolitan Statistical Area Year Built GLA Percent Leased ABR (,000 s) ABR PSF (1) 
 Grocer (2) 
 Other Major Tenants Non-Owned Major Tenants 263 Harpers Station Cincinnati OH Cincinnati, OH-KY-IN 1994 253,356 97.6 3,846 15.55 Fresh Thyme Farmers Market Esporta Fitness, HomeGoods, Painted Tree Marketplace, Pet Supplies Plus, T.J.Maxx 264 Western Hills Plaza Cincinnati OH Cincinnati, OH-KY-IN 2021 240,022 97.3 4,943 21.97 Michaels, Old Navy, PetSmart, Staples, T.J.Maxx, Ulta Target 265 Western Village Cincinnati OH Cincinnati, OH-KY-IN 2005 115,791 100.0 1,311 37.30 Kroger 266 Crown Point Columbus OH Columbus, OH 1980 144,931 91.3 1,381 10.43 Kroger Dollar Tree, Planet Fitness 267 Greentree Shopping Center Columbus OH Columbus, OH 2005 131,573 86.4 1,256 11.89 Kroger 268 South Towne Centre Dayton OH Dayton-Kettering, OH 1972 333,998 99.4 4,722 14.85 Health Foods Unlimited Burlington Stores, Christmas Tree Shops, JOANN, Party City, Petsmart, Red Robin Gourmet Burger, Value City Furniture 269 Southland Shopping Center Middleburg Heights OH Cleveland-Elyria, OH 1951 582,492 79.0 5,561 12.09 BJ's Wholesale Club , Giant Eagle, Marc's Cleveland Furniture Bank, JOANN, Marshalls, Office Max, Party City, UFC Gym 270 The Shoppes at North Olmsted North Olmsted OH Cleveland-Elyria, OH 2002 70,003 100.0 1,194 17.06 Ollie's Bargain Outlet, Sears Outlet 271 Surrey Square Mall Norwood OH Cincinnati, OH-KY-IN 2010 175,140 96.6 2,390 28.17 Kroger Advance Auto, Rainbow Shops 272 Miracle Mile Shopping Plaza Toledo OH Toledo, OH 1955 289,105 83.5 1,706 12.61 Kroger Big Lots, Crunch Fitness, Harbor Freight Tools 273 Marketplace Tulsa OK Tulsa, OK 1992 193,276 100.0 2,081 10.77 Basset Home Furnishings, Boot Barn, Conn's, David's Bridal, PetSmart Best Buy 274 Village West Allentown PA Allentown-Bethlehem-Easton, PA-NJ 1999 140,474 91.1 2,469 19.29 Giant Food (Ahold Delhaize) CVS, Dollar Tree 275 Park Hills Plaza Altoona PA Altoona, PA 1985 27,683 100.0 871 34.18 Weis Markets Burlington Stores, Dunham's Sports, Harbor Freight Tools, Shoe Carnival, Urban Air Adventure Park 276 Bethel Park Shopping Center Bethel Park PA Pittsburgh, PA 1965 202,349 98.3 2,116 12.02 Giant Eagle Pep Boys, Walmart 277 Lehigh Shopping Center Bethlehem PA Allentown-Bethlehem-Easton, PA-NJ 1955 373,766 97.4 4,227 14.60 Giant Food (Ahold Delhaize) Aetna, Big Lots, Citi Trends, Dollar Tree, Mega Marshalls, PetSmart, Rite Aid, Staples, Wines & Spirits Shoppe 278 Bristol Park Bristol PA Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington, PA-NJ-DE-MD 1993 260,953 91.6 2,402 10.33 Complete Liquidators, Dollar Tree, Family Dollar, Ollie's Bargain Outlet, RumbleOn 279 Chalfont Village Shopping Center Chalfont PA Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington, PA-NJ-DE-MD 1989 46,051 59.5 315 11.49 280 New Britain Village Square Chalfont PA Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington, PA-NJ-DE-MD 1989 143,716 88.9 2,455 19.21 Giant Food (Ahold Delhaize) Wine & Spirits Shoppe 281 Collegeville Shopping Center Collegeville PA Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington, PA-NJ-DE-MD 2020 110,430 83.4 1,616 17.55 Kimberton Whole Foods Pep Boys, Rascal Fitness 282 Plymouth Square Shopping Center (4) 
 Conshohocken PA Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington, PA-NJ-DE-MD 2023 234,810 91.0 4,732 22.15 Weis Markets Pet Supplies Plus, Planet Fitness, REI, Rite Aid 283 Whitemarsh Shopping Center Conshohocken PA Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington, PA-NJ-DE-MD 2002 76,391 100.0 2,208 28.90 Giant Food (Ahold Delhaize) 284 Valley Fair Devon PA Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington, PA-NJ-DE-MD 2001 45,086 62.6 577 20.45 Hung Vuong Food Market 285 Dickson City Crossings (4) 
 Dickson City PA Scranton--Wilkes-Barre, PA 2023 312,355 98.2 3,589 18.56 Burlington Stores, Dollar Tree, Gabe's, JOANN, Party City, PetSmart, Sierra Trading Post, The Home Depot, T.J.Maxx 286 Barn Plaza Doylestown PA Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington, PA-NJ-DE-MD 2002 237,681 99.0 3,695 15.70 Kohl's, Marshalls, Regal Cinemas (5) 287 Pilgrim Gardens Drexel Hill PA Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington, PA-NJ-DE-MD 1955 75,223 98.0 1,371 18.60 Dollar Tree, Ross Dress for Less, Tuesday Morning, U.S. Post Office 288 North Penn Market Place Lansdale PA Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington, PA-NJ-DE-MD 1977 58,358 93.1 1,035 20.41 Weis Markets 289 Village at Newtown Newtown PA Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington, PA-NJ-DE-MD 2021 224,579 92.6 7,210 36.12 McCaffrey's Ulta 290 Ivyridge Philadelphia PA Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington, PA-NJ-DE-MD 1963 106,348 100.0 3,064 28.81 Dollar Tree, Target, Wine & Spirits Shoppe 291 Roosevelt Mall Philadelphia PA Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington, PA-NJ-DE-MD 2020 584,460 96.3 9,194 37.23 Sprouts Farmers Market LA Fitness, Macy's, Rainbow Shops, Ross Dress For Less 292 Shoppes at Valley Forge Phoenixville PA Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington, PA-NJ-DE-MD 2003 176,676 100.0 1,266 7.17 Redner's Warehouse Market Big Lots, Staples 293 County Line Plaza Souderton PA Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington, PA-NJ-DE-MD 1971 154,608 95.1 1,696 11.53 ALDI Big Lots, Dollar Tree, Planet Fitness, Rite Aid 294 69th Street Plaza Upper Darby PA Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington, PA-NJ-DE-MD 1994 41,711 100.0 460 11.03 Fresh Grocer (Wakefern) EZ Bargains, Rent-A-Center, Super Dollar City 295 Warminster Towne Center Warminster PA Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington, PA-NJ-DE-MD 1997 237,152 100.0 3,885 17.77 ShopRite Harbor Freight Tools, Old Navy, Party City, PetSmart, Ross Dress for Less, Sportsman's Warehouse Kohl's 296 Shops at Prospect West Hempfield PA Lancaster, PA 1994 63,392 91.6 765 13.17 Giant Food (Ahold Delhaize) Penn State Health 297 Whitehall Square Whitehall PA Allentown-Bethlehem-Easton, PA-NJ 2006 315,192 98.9 3,329 10.68 Redner's Warehouse Market Dollar Tree, Gabe's, Mavis Discount Tires, PetSmart, Ross Dress for Less, Staples 298 Wilkes-Barre Township Marketplace Wilkes-Barre PA Scranton--Wilkes-Barre, PA 2004 306,440 100.0 2,665 35.20 Walmart Supercenter Chuck E. Cheese's, Cracker Barrel, Party City, Pet Supplies Plus 299 Belfair Towne Village Bluffton SC Hilton Head Island-Bluffton, SC 2006 166,639 97.6 2,777 17.07 Kroger K1 Speed 300 Milestone Plaza Greenville SC Greenville-Anderson, SC 1995 89,721 98.5 1,650 19.82 Lowes Foods 301 Circle Center Hilton Head Island SC Hilton Head Island-Bluffton, SC 2000 65,313 31.1 479 23.57 302 Island Plaza James Island SC Charleston-North Charleston, SC 1994 173,524 98.4 1,751 10.47 Food Lion (Ahold Delhaize) Dollar Tree, Gold's Gym, Tuesday Morning 303 Festival Centre North Charleston SC Charleston-North Charleston, SC 1987 325,347 75.7 2,326 9.57 Gold's Gym, New Spring Church, New York Beauty and Fashion, Sears Outlet 304 Pawleys Island Plaza Pawleys Island SC Georgetown, SC 2015 120,095 96.4 1,604 13.85 Publix Petco, T.J.Maxx, Tuesday Morning 305 Fairview Corners I & II Simpsonville SC Greenville-Anderson, SC 2003 131,002 100.0 2,501 19.09 Ross Dress for Less, T.J.Maxx Target 306 Hillcrest Market Place (4) 
 Spartanburg SC Spartanburg, SC 2023 369,759 94.3 4,873 14.55 Publix Five Below, Hobby Lobby, Marshalls, NCG Cinemas, Petco, Ross Dress for Less 

Property Name City State Metropolitan Statistical Area Year Built GLA Percent Leased ABR (,000 s) ABR PSF (1) 
 Grocer (2) 
 Other Major Tenants Non-Owned Major Tenants 307 Watson Glen Shopping Center Franklin TN Nashville-Davidson--Murfreesboro--Franklin, TN 1988 265,948 99.5 3,263 12.33 ALDI At Home, Big Lots, Carbon Athletics, DICK S Sporting Goods Warehouse Sale 308 Williamson Square Franklin TN Nashville-Davidson--Murfreesboro--Franklin, TN 1988 331,386 100.0 4,404 13.29 Family Leisure, Goldfish Swim School, Grace Church Nashville, Hobby Lobby, Painted Tree Marketplace, Planet Fitness 309 Greeneville Commons Greeneville TN Greeneville, TN 2002 224,139 99.3 2,052 9.42 Belk, Burkes Outlet, Five Below, Hobby Lobby, Marshalls, Ross Dress for Less 310 Kingston Overlook Knoxville TN Knoxville, TN 1996 119,360 100.0 1,004 8.41 Badcock Home Furniture, Painted Tree Marketplace, Urban Air Adventure Park 311 The Commons at Wolfcreek (3) 
 Memphis TN Memphis, TN-MS-AR 2014 649,252 93.8 9,762 17.06 2nd & Charles, Academy Sports + Outdoors, Best Buy, Big Lots, Burlington Stores, Dave & Busters, David's Bridal, DSW, Office Depot, Painted Tree Marketplace, PetSmart, T.J.Maxx Target, The Home Depot 312 Georgetown Square Murfreesboro TN Nashville-Davidson--Murfreesboro--Franklin, TN 2003 114,117 93.7 1,450 13.56 Kroger Aaron's 313 Nashboro Village Nashville TN Nashville-Davidson--Murfreesboro--Franklin, TN 1998 86,811 95.2 1,056 12.78 Kroger Walgreens 314 Parmer Crossing Austin TX Austin-Round Rock-Georgetown, TX 1989 170,605 96.7 2,184 13.23 Desi Brothers Big Lots, Dollar Tree, Harbor Freight Tools, Mega Furniture, Planet Fitness 315 Baytown Shopping Center Baytown TX Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land, TX 1987 95,941 100.0 1,501 15.65 24 Hour Fitness 316 El Camino Bellaire TX Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land, TX 2008 71,651 98.5 702 9.95 El Ahorro Supermarket Dollar Tree, Family Dollar 317 Townshire Bryan TX College Station-Bryan, TX 2002 136,887 88.8 967 7.95 Tops Printing 318 Central Station College Station TX College Station-Bryan, TX 1976 178,141 97.8 3,217 18.90 Dollar Tree, HomeGoods, Party City, Spec's Liquors Kohl's 319 Rock Prairie Crossing College Station TX College Station-Bryan, TX 2002 118,700 100.0 1,479 28.09 Kroger CVS 320 Carmel Village Corpus Christi TX Corpus Christi, TX 2019 84,667 95.3 1,128 13.98 Crunch Fitness, Dollar Tree, Tuesday Morning 321 Arboretum Village Dallas TX Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington, TX 2014 95,354 95.2 2,390 26.32 Tom Thumb (Albertsons) Ace Hardware, PetSmart 322 Claremont Village Dallas TX Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington, TX 1976 66,980 34.8 345 15.25 Family Dollar 323 Kessler Plaza Dallas TX Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington, TX 1975 68,962 98.2 768 11.34 Canales, Family Dollar 324 Stevens Park Village Dallas TX Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington, TX 1974 45,492 97.0 478 10.83 Big Lots, O'Reilly Auto Parts 325 Webb Royal Plaza Dallas TX Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington, TX 1961 108,545 86.8 1,161 12.96 El Rio Grande Latin Market Family Dollar 326 Wynnewood Village (4) 
 Dallas TX Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington, TX 2023 464,995 88.6 6,450 15.98 El Rancho, Kroger Five Below, Kids Empire, LA Fitness, Mi Doctor, Ross Dress for Less, Skechers 327 Parktown Deer Park TX Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land, TX 1999 118,221 96.4 1,126 9.88 Food Town Burkes Outlet, Walgreens 328 Ridglea Plaza Fort Worth TX Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington, TX 1990 170,519 91.4 1,873 12.01 Tom Thumb (Albertsons) Goody Goody Wine & Spirits, Overstock Furniture & Mattress 329 Trinity Commons Fort Worth TX Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington, TX 1998 197,423 92.4 3,835 21.03 Tom Thumb (Albertsons) DSW, Ulta 330 Preston Ridge Frisco TX Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington, TX 2018 793,217 92.7 16,491 22.42 SuperTarget Best Buy, Big Lots, Boot Barn, DSW, Macy's Backstage, Marshalls, Nordstrom Rack, Old Navy, PopShelf, Ross Dress for Less, T.J.Maxx 331 Village Plaza Garland TX Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington, TX 2002 89,444 100.0 1,373 15.43 Truong Nguyen Grocer 332 Highland Village Town Center Highland Village TX Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington, TX 1996 101,874 97.9 1,202 12.36 Painted Tree Marketplace, Planet Fitness 333 Bay Forest Houston TX Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land, TX 2004 71,667 93.6 692 10.32 Kroger 334 Beltway South Houston TX Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land, TX 1998 107,174 97.0 1,048 30.96 Kroger 335 Braes Heights Houston TX Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land, TX 2022 92,179 92.5 2,586 30.32 CVS, I W Marks Jewelers, My Salon Suites 336 Braesgate Houston TX Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land, TX 1997 91,982 96.3 705 7.96 Food Town 337 Broadway Houston TX Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land, TX 2006 74,988 100.0 964 13.36 El Ahorro Supermarket Blink Fitness (Equinox), Melrose Fashions 338 Clear Lake Camino South Houston TX Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land, TX 1964 106,058 90.6 1,415 15.76 ALDI 24 Hour Fitness, Mr. Gatti's Pizza, Spec's Liquors 339 Hearthstone Corners Houston TX Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land, TX 2019 208,147 97.2 2,323 11.48 El Rancho Big Lots, Conn's 340 Jester Village Houston TX Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land, TX 2022 62,665 94.7 1,325 22.33 24 Hour Fitness 341 Jones Plaza (4) 
 Houston TX Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land, TX 2023 111,206 92.1 1,195 11.67 La Michoacana Supermarket Aaron's, Fitness Connection 342 Jones Square Houston TX Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land, TX 1999 169,786 98.4 1,564 9.36 Big Lots, Hobby Lobby, Octapharma 343 Maplewood Houston TX Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land, TX 2004 99,177 100.0 1,005 10.13 Foodarama Burke's Outlet, Kids Empire 344 Merchants Park Houston TX Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land, TX 2009 246,451 100.0 3,839 15.58 Kroger Big Lots, Petco, Planet Fitness, Ross Dress for Less, Tuesday Morning 345 Northgate Houston TX Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land, TX 1972 38,724 100.0 606 15.65 El Rancho Firestone, TitleMax, WSS 346 Northshore Houston TX Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land, TX 2001 223,954 91.7 2,989 14.80 Sellers Bros. Conn's, Dollar Tree, Oak Street Health, Office Depot 347 Northtown Plaza Houston TX Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land, TX 1960 190,666 91.3 2,429 14.15 El Rancho 99 Cents Only, Crazy Boss Big Discount Store, dd's Discounts (Ross) 348 Orange Grove Houston TX Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land, TX 2005 184,664 100.0 2,240 12.65 24 Hour Fitness, Burlington Stores, Floor & D cor, WSS 349 Royal Oaks Village Houston TX Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land, TX 2001 146,279 90.9 3,280 24.67 H-E-B 350 Tanglewilde Center Houston TX Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land, TX 1998 83,343 97.9 1,347 16.66 ALDI Dollar Tree, Party City, Salon In The Park 351 West U Marketplace Houston TX Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land, TX 2000 60,136 100.0 1,575 26.19 Whole Foods Market 352 Westheimer Commons Houston TX Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land, TX 1984 245,714 96.3 2,394 10.11 Fiesta Mart King Dollar, Marshalls, Sanitas Medical Center 353 Crossroads Centre - Pasadena Pasadena TX Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land, TX 1997 146,567 95.5 2,074 15.81 Kroger LA Fitness 

Property Name City State Metropolitan Statistical Area Year Built GLA Percent Leased ABR (,000 s) ABR PSF (1) 
 Grocer (2) 
 Other Major Tenants Non-Owned Major Tenants 354 Spencer Square Pasadena TX Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land, TX 1998 181,732 85.0 1,651 10.69 Kroger Burkes Outlet 355 Pearland Plaza Pearland TX Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land, TX 1995 156,491 94.2 1,316 8.93 Kroger American Freight Furniture, Harbor Freight Tools, Walgreens 356 Market Plaza Plano TX Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington, TX 2002 142,058 93.6 2,904 22.79 Central Market (H-E-B) 357 Preston Park Village (4) 
 Plano TX Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington, TX 2023 256,385 85.2 5,620 25.72 Gap Factory Store, HomeGoods, Petco 358 Keegan's Meadow Stafford TX Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land, TX 1999 125,293 96.0 1,467 12.56 El Rancho Family Dollar 359 Lake Pointe Village Sugar Land TX Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land, TX 2010 162,263 85.7 4,018 28.88 Whole Foods Market 360 Texas City Bay Texas City TX Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land, TX 2005 224,842 92.6 2,221 10.78 Kroger Conn's, Harbor Freight Tools, Planet Fitness 361 Windvale Center The Woodlands TX Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land, TX 2002 100,688 26.1 665 25.29 362 Culpeper Town Square Culpeper VA Washington-Arlington-Alexandria, DC-VA-MD-WV 1999 132,882 76.2 967 9.55 Ollie's Bargain Outlet, Tractor Supply Co. 363 Hanover Square Mechanicsville VA Richmond, VA 1991 141,569 97.5 2,265 16.42 Gold's Gym, Hobby Lobby Kohl's 364 Tuckernuck Square Richmond VA Richmond, VA 1981 88,220 93.7 1,435 17.37 2nd & Charles, Chuck E. Cheese's 365 Cave Spring Corners Roanoke VA Roanoke, VA 2005 147,133 95.6 1,194 14.59 Kroger Hamrick's 366 Hunting Hills Roanoke VA Roanoke, VA 1989 166,207 97.1 1,439 8.92 Dollar Tree, Kohl's, PetSmart 367 Hilltop Plaza Virginia Beach VA Virginia Beach-Norfolk-Newport News, VA-NC 2010 150,105 99.8 3,265 22.02 Trader Joe's JOANN, PetSmart, Ulta 368 Rutland Plaza Rutland VT Rutland, VT 1997 223,314 90.0 1,934 9.63 Price Chopper Dollar Tree, T.J.Maxx, Walmart 369 Spring Mall Greenfield WI Milwaukee-Waukesha, WI 2003 45,920 31.3 144 10.01 Walgreens 370 Mequon Pavilions Mequon WI Milwaukee-Waukesha, WI 1967 218,744 97.3 3,622 17.01 Sendik's Food Market Bed Bath & Beyond, Marshalls, The Tile Shop 371 Moorland Square Shopping Ctr New Berlin WI Milwaukee-Waukesha, WI 1990 98,303 100.0 1,034 10.52 Pick 'n Save (Kroger) 372 Paradise Pavilion West Bend WI Milwaukee-Waukesha, WI 2000 203,621 96.0 1,487 7.61 Hobby Lobby, Kohl's 373 Grand Central Plaza Parkersburg WV Parkersburg-Vienna, WV 1986 75,344 44.8 527 15.61 O'Reilly Auto Parts, Sportsman's Warehouse TOTAL PORTFOLIO 65,990,997 93.8 944,490 16.19 
 (1) ABR PSF is calculated as ABR divided by leased GLA, excluding the GLA of lessee-owned leasehold improvements 
 (2) Indicates grocer is not owned 
 (3) Property is listed as two individual properties on Company website for marketing purposes 
 (4) Indicates property is currently in redevelopment 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 brx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 brx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 brx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 brx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 brx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

