<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_1897245_0001493152-23-006018.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3459667</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>272708</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>644676</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>914295</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>729921</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>824203</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-006018.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224165559
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-006018
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221130
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Alset Capital Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001897245
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-DRUGS PROPRIETARIES & DRUGGISTS' SUNDRIES [5122]
		IRS NUMBER:				873296100
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41254
		FILM NUMBER:		23668346

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4800 MONTGOMERY LANE, SUITE 210
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814
		BUSINESS PHONE:		301-971-3955

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4800 MONTGOMERY LANE, SUITE 210
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-006018.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 form10k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _________ to _________ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
 name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 

, 
 , 

- 
 
 (Address of Principal 
 Executive Offices) 
 
 Registrant s
 telephone number, 
 including area
 code 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statement of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): No 

Aggregate
market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of May 31, 2022, based upon the closing
price of the common stock as reported by the Nasdaq Global Select Market on such date, was . 

As
of February 24, 2023, there were shares of the Class A Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of the
Class B Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Company issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

Throughout
this Report on Form 10-K, the terms the Company, we, us, and our refer to Alset
Capital Acquisition Corp., and our board of directors refers to the board of directors of Alset Capital Acquisition Corp. 

Alset
Capital Acquisition Corp. 

 Form
10-K 

 For
the Year Ended November 30, 2022 

 Table
of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 3 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 23 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 23 

Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 23 

Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 23 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Company s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 24 

Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 29 

Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 30 

Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 31 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 31 

Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 32 

Item
 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 32 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 32 

Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 36 

Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 37 

Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 38 

Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 40 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 41 

Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 41 

Signatures 
 42 

2 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

General 

Alset
Capital Acquisition Corp. (the Company was incorporated in Delaware on October 20, 2021. The Company was formed for the
purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination
with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). The Company is not limited to a particular industry or sector for
purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company
is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. 

As
of November 30, 2022, the Company has not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from October 20, 2021 (inception) through
November 30, 2022 relates to the Company s formation and the initial public offering Initial Public Offering ), which
is described below and the pursuit of a suitable acquisition candidate. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after
the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest
income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. The Company has selected November 30 as its fiscal year end. 

On
September 9, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement and plan of merger (the Merger Agreement by and among the Company,
HWH International Inc., a Nevada corporation HWH and HWH Merger Sub Inc., a Nevada corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company Merger Sub ). The Company and Merger Sub are sometimes referred to collectively as the ACAX Parties. 
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, a business combination between the Company and HWH will be effected through the merger of Merger Sub
with and into HWH, with HWH surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger ). Upon the closing
of the Merger (the Closing ), it is anticipated that the Company will change its name to HWH International Inc. 
The board of directors of the Company has (i) approved and declared advisable the Merger Agreement, the Ancillary Agreements (as defined
in the Merger Agreement) and the transactions contemplated thereby and (ii) resolved to recommend approval of the Merger Agreement and
related transactions by the stockholders of the Company. 

HWH
is owned and controlled by certain member officers and directors of the Company and its sponsor. The Merger is expected to be consummated
in the first half of 2023, following the receipt of the required approval by the stockholders of the Company and the shareholder of HWH
and the satisfaction of certain other customary closing conditions. 

The
total consideration to be paid at Closing (the Merger Consideration by the Company to the HWH shareholders will be 125,000,000,
and will be payable in shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Company Company Common Stock ).
The number of shares of the Company Common Stock to be paid to the shareholders of HWH as Merger Consideration will be 12,500,000, with
each share being valued at 10.00. All cash proceeds remaining in the trust will be used to pay transaction costs and as growth capital
for HWH. There can be no assurance that the Merger will be consummated. 

The
registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on January 31, 2022. On February 3, 2022,
the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 8,625,000 units Units and, with respect to the shares of common
stock included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), generating gross proceeds of 86,250,000, which includes
the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase an additional 1,125,000 Units generating additional gross proceeds to
the Company of 11,250,000, which is described in Note 3 of the Notes to the audited Financial Statements for Fiscal Year ended November 30, 2022. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private sale of 473,750 units (the Private Placement
Units at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit in private placement to Alset Acquisition Sponsor, LLC (the Sponsor generating gross proceeds to the Company in the amount of 4,737,500. 

3 

The
Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of Private Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied toward consummating
a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company
must complete one or more initial Business Combinations with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal
to at least 80 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes
payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account). The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company
owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target
business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended
(the Investment Company Act ). Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, management has agreed that an amount equal
to at least 10.10 per Unit sold in the Initial Public Offering, including proceeds from the Private Placement Units, will be held in
a trust account Trust Account ), located in the United States and invested only in U.S. government securities, within the
meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment
company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment
Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution
of the funds held in the Trust Account, as described below. 

The
Company will provide the holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their Public Shares either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination
or (ii) by means of a tender offer in connection with the Business Combination. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder
approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The Public Stockholders will be entitled to
redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be 10.10 per Public
Share, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion
of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. The Public Shares subject to redemption will be recorded at a
redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the Accounting
Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity . 

All
of the Public Shares contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s
liquidation, if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Company s Business Combination and in connection
with certain amendments to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation. In accordance with the rules of the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC and its guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99,
redemption provisions not solely within the control of a company require common stock subject to redemption to be classified outside
of permanent equity. Given that the Public Shares will be issued with other freestanding instruments (i.e., public warrants), the initial
carrying value of Class A common stock classified as temporary equity will be the allocated proceeds determined in accordance with ASC
470-20. The Class A common stock is subject to ASC 480-10-S99. If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, we
have the option to either (i) accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that
it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or (ii) recognize
changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value
at the end of each reporting period. We have elected to recognize the changes immediately. The accretion or remeasurement will be treated
as a deemed dividend (i.e., a reduction to retained earnings, or in absence of retained earnings, additional paid-in capital). The Public
Shares are redeemable and will be classified as such on the balance sheet until such date that a redemption event takes place. Redemptions
of the Company s Public Shares may be subject to the satisfaction of conditions, including minimum cash conditions, pursuant to
an agreement relating to the Company s Business Combination. 

The
Company will not redeem Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that it does
not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which
may be contained in the agreement relating to the Business Combination. If the Company seeks stockholder approval of the Business Combination,
the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business
Combination, or such other vote as required by law or stock exchange rule. If a stockholder vote is not required by applicable law or
stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company
will, pursuant to its second amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct
the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and file tender offer documents with
the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law
or stock exchange listing requirements, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company
will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer
rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder
Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business
Combination. Additionally, each Public Stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective
of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

4 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the Company seeks stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the
tender offer rules, the Certificate of Incorporation provides that a Public Stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder
or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more
than an aggregate of 15 of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 

The
holders of the Founder Shares have agreed (a) to waive their redemption rights with respect to the Founder Shares and Public Shares held
by them in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation
(i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemptions in connection with a Business Combination
or to redeem 100 of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined
below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, unless
the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

If
the Company has not completed a Business Combination within 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or 15 months
if we have filed a proxy statement, registration statement or similar filing for an initial Business Combination within 12 months
from the consummation of Initial Public Offering but have not completed the initial Business Combination within such 12-month
period, or up to 21 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination, at the election of the Company by
two separate three month extensions, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including the deposit of up to 862,500 0.10
per unit in either case) for each three month extension, into the trust account, or as extended by the Company s stockholders
in accordance with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the
purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public
Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to pay taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to
pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and
(iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining
stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s
obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no
redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the
Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

The
holders of the Founders Shares have agreed to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails
to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the holders of Founder Shares acquire Public Shares in
or after the Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the
Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to
their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will
be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value
of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit 10.00). 

5 

In
order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims
by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed
entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) 10.00 per Public Share or (ii) such
lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 10.00
per Public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn
to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account
and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an
executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability
for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account
due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for the Company s independent registered
accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the
Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Going
Concern and Management s Plan 

The
Company expects to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans and will not generate any operating revenues until after
the completion of its initial business combination, at the earliest. In addition, the Company expects to have negative cash flows from operations as it
pursues an initial business combination target. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in
accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern the Company does not currently have adequate liquidity to sustain operations, which consist
solely of pursuing a Business Combination. 

The
Company may raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from the Sponsor or its stockholders, officers, directors,
or third parties. The Company s officers and directors and the Sponsor may, but are not obligated to (except as described above),
loan the Company funds, from time to time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s
working capital needs. Based on the foregoing, the Company believes it will have sufficient cash to meet its needs through the earlier
of consummation of a Business Combination or the deadline to complete a Business Combination pursuant to the Company s Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (unless otherwise amended by shareholders). 

While
the Company expects to have sufficient access to additional sources of capital if necessary, there is no current commitment on the part
of any financing source to provide additional capital and no assurances can be provided that such additional capital will ultimately
be available. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period
of time within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. There is no assurance that the Company s plans
to raise additional capital (to the extent ultimately necessary) or to consummate a Business Combination will be successful or successful
within the Combination Period. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

As
is customary for a special purpose acquisition company, if the Company is not able to consummate a Business Combination during the Combination
Period, it will cease all operations and redeem the Public Shares. Management plans to continue its efforts to consummate a Business
Combination during the Combination Period. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

Management
is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the economic
effects of the pandemic could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations and/or search
for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The balance sheet
does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

6 

Employees 

At
the present time, the Company has no employees. The Company has an agreement with Alset Management Group, Inc., pursuant to which, for
a fee, Alset Management Group, Inc. provides the Company with secretarial and administrative services. 

Impact
of Recent Public Health Events 

The
COVID-19 pandemic worldwide and resulting epidemic in the United States has resulted in a widespread health crisis that has adversely
affected the economy and financial markets, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination
could be materially and adversely affected. We may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19
restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services
providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search
for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information
which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions
posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination,
or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
anticipate filing additional trademark applications as we expand into new areas of business. 

Additional
Information 

The
Company is subject to the information requirements of the Exchange Act, and, in accordance therewith, files annual, quarterly, and special
reports, proxy statements and other information with the Commission. The Commission maintains an internet website at http://www.sec.gov
that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the Commission.
The periodic reports, proxy statements and other information that the Company files with the Commission are available for inspection
on the Commission s website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished
to the Commission. 

The Company maintains a website at https://www.alsetcapitalacquisition.com
where you may also access these materials free of charge. We have included our website address as an inactive textual reference only
and the information contained in, and that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated into and is not part of this report
on Form 10-K. 

7 

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements regarding, among other things, our future operating results and financial
position, our business strategy, and other objectives for our future operations. The words anticipate, believe, 
 intend, expect, may, estimate, predict, project, 
 potential and similar expression are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking
statements contain these identifying words. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections
about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. There
are a number of important risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking
statements. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should
not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions
and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements we make. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact
of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures or investments that we may make. 

You should read this Report on Form 10-K
and the documents that we have filed as exhibits to this Report on Form 10-K completely and with the understanding that our actual future
results may be materially different from what we expect. The forward-looking statements contained in this Report on Form 10-K are made
as of the date of this Report on Form 10-K, and we do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as
a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

An
investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other
information in this Report on Form 10-K before making a decision to invest in our common stock. If any of the following risks and uncertainties
develop into actual events, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. In those cases,
the trading price of our common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. As a smaller reporting company , the Company is not required to provide the information required by
this item, but below are the risk factors the Company believes investors should consider before purchasing any of the Company s
securities. 

Risks
Related to Our Company 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the material risks described below. This Report
on Form 10-K also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially
from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of specific factors, including the risks described below. 

Risks
Associated with Our Business 

We
are a blank check company with no operating history and, accordingly, you will not have any basis on which to evaluate our ability to
achieve our business objective. 

We
are a blank check company with no operating results to date. Therefore, our ability to commence operations is dependent upon obtaining
financing through the public offering of our securities. Since we do not have an operating history, you will have no basis upon which
to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective, which is to acquire an operating business. We will not generate any revenues
until, at the earliest, after the consummation of a business combination. 

8 

Our
sponsor paid an aggregate of 25,000 for the founder shares, or approximately 0.012 per founder share. As a result of this low initial
price, our sponsor, its affiliates and our management team stand to make a substantial profit even if an initial business combination
subsequently declines in value or is unprofitable for our public stockholders. 

As
a result of the low acquisition cost of our founder shares, our sponsor, its affiliates and our management team could make a substantial
profit even if we select and consummate an initial business combination with an acquisition target that subsequently declines in value
or is unprofitable for our public stockholders. Thus, such parties may have more of an economic incentive for us to enter into an initial
business combination with a riskier, weaker-performing or financially unstable business, or an entity lack an established record of revenues
or earnings, than would be the case if such parties had paid the full offering price for their founder shares. 

If
third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in trust could be reduced and the per-share liquidation price received by shareholders
may be less than 10.10. 

Our
placing of funds in trust may not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors and
service providers we engage and prospective target businesses we negotiate with execute agreements with us waiving any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, they may not
execute such agreements. Furthermore, even if such entities execute such agreements with us, they may seek recourse against the monies
held in the trust account. A court may not uphold the validity of such agreements. Accordingly, the proceeds held in trust could be subject
to claims which could take priority over those of our public shareholders. If we liquidate the trust account before the completion of
a business combination, our sponsor has agreed (subject to certain exceptions described elsewhere in this report) that it will be liable
to ensure that the proceeds in the trust account are not reduced by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities
that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us and which have not executed a waiver agreement.
However, our sponsor may not be able to meet such obligation. Therefore, the per-share distribution from the trust account in such a
situation may be less than 10.10, plus interest, due to such claims. 

Additionally,
if we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, or if we otherwise
enter compulsory or court supervised liquidation, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law,
and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders.
To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we may not be able to return to our public shareholders at least 10.10
per share. 

Our
shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them. 

Our
certificate of incorporation provides that we will continue in existence only until 12 months (or 15 months if we have filed a proxy
statement, registration statement or similar filing for an initial business combination within 12 months from the consummation of our Initial Public Offering but have not completed the initial business combination within such 12-month period, or up to 21 months if we extend the period
of time to consummate a business combination) from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering if a business combination has not been consummated
by such time. If we are unable to complete an initial business combination during such time period, it will trigger our automatic winding
up, liquidation and dissolution. As such, our shareholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions
received by them pursuant to such process and any liability of our shareholders may extend beyond the date of such distribution. Accordingly,
we cannot assure you that third parties, or us under the control of an official liquidator, will not seek to recover from our shareholders
amounts owed to them by us. 

If
we are unable to consummate a business combination within the required time period, upon notice from us, the trustee of the trust account
will distribute the amount in our trust account to our public shareholders. Concurrently, we shall pay, or reserve for payment, from
funds not held in trust, our liabilities and obligations, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such
purpose. If there are insufficient funds held outside the trust account for such purpose, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable
to ensure that the proceeds in the trust account are not reduced by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities
that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us and which have not executed a waiver agreement.
However, we cannot assure you that the liquidator will not determine that he or she requires additional time to evaluate creditors 
claims (particularly if there is uncertainty over the validity or extent of the claims of any creditors). We also cannot assure you that
a creditor or shareholder will not file a petition with the United States Court which, if successful, may result in our liquidation being
subject to the supervision of that court. Such events might delay distribution of some or all of our assets to our public shareholders. 

9 

If
we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment
if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall
due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore,
our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby
exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of
creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly
and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts
as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offense and may be liable to pay a fine and/or subject to imprisonment. 

Holders
of warrants will not have redemption rights if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period. 

If
we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period and we redeem the funds held in the trust account,
the warrants will expire and holders will not receive any of such proceeds with respect to the warrants. 

We
have no obligation to net cash settle the warrants. 

In
no event will we have any obligation to net cash settle the warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 

If
we do not maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the redeemable
warrants, holders will only be able to exercise such redeemable warrants on a cashless basis which would result in a fewer
number of shares being issued to the holder had such holder exercised the redeemable warrants for cash. 

Except
as set forth below, if we do not maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise
of the warrants at the time that holders wish to exercise such warrants, they will only be able to exercise them on a cashless
basis, provided that an exemption from registration is available. As a result, the number of shares of common stock that a holder
will receive upon exercise of its warrants will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised its warrant for cash. Further,
if an exemption from registration is not available, holders would not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis and would
only be able to exercise their warrants for cash if a current and effective prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable
upon exercise of the warrants is available. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet
these conditions and to maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of
the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so. If we are unable to do
so, the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company may be reduced or the warrants may expire worthless.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the warrants included in the placement units may be exercisable for unregistered shares of common stock
for cash even if the prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not current and effective. 

An
investor will only be able to exercise warrants if the issuance of shares of common stock upon such exercise has been registered or qualified
or is deemed exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. 

No
warrants will be exercisable for cash and we will not be obligated to issue shares of common stock unless the shares of common stock
issuable upon such exercise have been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence
of the holder of the warrants. At the time that the warrants become exercisable, we expect to continue to be listed on a national securities
exchange, which would provide an exemption from registration in every state. However, we cannot assure you of this fact. If the shares
of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the
holders of the warrants reside, the warrants may be deprived of any value, the market for the warrants may be limited and they may expire
worthless if they cannot be sold. 

10 

Our
management s ability to require holders of our redeemable warrants to exercise such redeemable warrants on a cashless basis will
cause holders to receive fewer shares of common stock upon their exercise of the redeemable warrants than they would have received had
they been able to exercise their redeemable warrants for cash. 

If
we call our warrants for redemption after the redemption criteria described elsewhere in this report have been satisfied, our management
will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his warrants (including any warrants held by our initial shareholders
or their permitted transferees) to do so on a cashless basis. If our management chooses to require holders to exercise
their warrants on a cashless basis, the number of shares of common stock received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would
have been had such holder exercised his warrants for cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential upside of
the holder s investment in our company. 

We
may amend the terms of the rights in a manner that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of at least a majority
of the then outstanding rights. 

Our
rights will be issued in registered form under a rights agreement between VStock Transfer LLC, as rights agent, and us. The rights agreement
provides that the terms of the rights may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective
provision. The rights agreement requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding rights in order to
make any change that adversely affects the interests of the holders of the rights. 

The
requirement that the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of
the balance of the funds in the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned and less
any interest earned thereon that is released to us for taxes) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial
business combination may limit the type and number of companies that we may complete such a business combination with. 

Pursuant
to the Nasdaq listing rules, the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at
least 80 of the balance of the funds in the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and taxes payable
on the income earned on the trust account and less any interest earned thereon that is released to us for our taxes) at the time of the
execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination. This restriction may limit the type and number of companies
with which we may complete a business combination. If we are unable to locate a target business or businesses that satisfy this fair
market value test, we may be forced to liquidate and you will only be entitled to receive your pro rata portion of the funds in
the trust account. 

If
Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange, we would not be required to satisfy the fair market value requirement described
above and could complete a business combination with a target business having a fair market value substantially below 80 of the balance
in the trust account. 

Our
ability to successfully effect a business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our
key personnel, some of whom may join us following a business combination. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage
after a business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. 

Our
ability to successfully effect a business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. We believe that our success
depends on the continued service of our key personnel, at least until we have consummated our initial business combination. We cannot
assure you that any of our key personnel will remain with us for the immediate or foreseeable future. In addition, none of our officers
are required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, they will have conflicts of interest in allocating
management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due
diligence. We do not have employment agreements with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our officers. The unexpected loss of
the services of our key personnel could have a detrimental effect on us. 

11 

The
role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain
with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following a business combination, it is likely that some or all of
the management of the target business will remain in place or be hired after consummation of the business combination. While we intend
to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after a business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals
will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a public company which could cause us
to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. This could be expensive and time-consuming
and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. 

We
may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and officers. 

We
have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have
agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against
the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i)
we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify
our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their
fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and
directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s
investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors
pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

Our
key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination.
These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following a business combination and as a result, may cause them to have
conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our
key personnel will be able to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination only if they are able to negotiate
employment or consulting agreements or other arrangements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place
simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the
form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination.
The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. 

Our
officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby potentially limiting the amount of time they devote to our
affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate our initial business combination. 

Our
officers and directors are not required to commit their full time to our affairs, which could create a conflict of interest when allocating
their time between our operations and their other commitments. We presently expect each of our employees to devote such amount of time
as they reasonably believe is necessary to our business. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of
our initial business combination. All of our officers and directors are engaged in several other business endeavors and are not obligated
to devote any specific number of hours to our affairs. If our officers and directors other business affairs require them
to devote more substantial amounts of time to such affairs, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs and could have
a negative impact on our ability to consummate our initial business combination. We cannot assure you these conflicts will be resolved
in our favor. 

12 

Our
officers and directors have pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations and accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining
to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our
officers and directors have pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations to other companies, including other companies that are
engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us. Accordingly, they may participate in transactions and
have obligations that may be in conflict or competition with our consummation of our initial business combination. As a result, a potential
target business may be presented by our management team to another entity prior to its presentation to us and we may not be afforded
the opportunity to engage in a transaction with such target business. 

Our
officers and directors personal and financial interests may influence their motivation in determining whether a particular
target business is appropriate for a business combination. 

Our
officers and directors have waived their right to convert (or sell to us in any tender offer) their insider shares or any other shares
of common stock acquired in the Initial Public Offering or thereafter (although none of these insiders have indicated any intention to purchase units), or to receive distributions with respect to their insider shares or placement units upon our liquidation
if we are unable to consummate our initial business combination. Our sponsor, which is affiliated with certain of our officers, has also
waived its right to convert (or sell to us in any tender offer) any shares of common stock acquired in the Initial Public Offering or thereafter (although
it has not indicated any intention to purchase units), or to receive distributions with respect to their
shares upon our liquidation if we are unable to consummate our initial business combination. Accordingly, these securities will be worthless
if we do not consummate our initial business combination. In addition, our officers and directors may loan funds to us after the Initial Public Offering
and may be owed reimbursement for expenses incurred in connection with certain activities on our behalf which would only be repaid if
we complete an initial business combination. The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation
in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination, subject to their fiduciary duties under
United States law. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business
may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are
appropriate and in our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us
as a matter of United States law and we might have a claim against such individuals. However, we might not ultimately be successful in
any claim we may make against them for such reason. 

The
representative may have a conflict of interest if they render services to us in connection with our initial business combination. 

We
may elect to engage EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC, formerly known as Kingswood Capital Markets, division of Benchmark
Investments, LLC (who is the representative of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering) to assist us in connection with our initial business
combination. A portion (3.5 of the representatives discounts and commissions is not payable unless the Company completes its
initial business combination. Therefore, if the representative provides services to us in connection with our initial business combination,
these financial interests may result in the representative having a conflict of interest when providing such services to us. 

Nasdaq
may delist our securities from trading on its exchange which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities
and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

In
connection with our initial business combination, it is likely that Nasdaq will require us to file a new initial listing application
and meet its initial listing requirements as opposed to its more lenient continued listing requirements. We cannot assure you that we
will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. 

13 

If
Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a
 limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced
 liquidity with respect to our securities; 

a
 determination that our shares of common stock are penny stock which will require brokers trading in our shares of common
 stock to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market
 for our shares of common stock; 

a
 limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and 

a
 decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

We
may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, which will cause us to be solely dependent
on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. 

We
may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering. By consummating a business combination with
only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further,
we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other
entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single
industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely
 dependent upon the performance of a single business, or 

dependent
 upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This
lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a
substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to a business combination. 

Alternatively,
if we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers, we will need for each
of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations,
which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete the business combination. With multiple business combinations,
we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence
investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations
and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks,
it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote in favor of such initial
business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

Pursuant
to certain letter agreements with us, our initial shareholders and the representative have agreed to vote their shares, including any
shares they may acquire during or after the Initial Public Offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions), in favor of our
initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders shares, we would need only 468,751, or 6.25 ,
of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination (assuming all outstanding shares are voted)
in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised). Accordingly, if we
seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our initial shareholders and the representative to vote
in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for
such initial business combination. 

14 

In
connection with any meeting held to approve an initial business combination, we will offer each public shareholder the option to vote
in favor of a proposed business combination and still seek conversion of his, her or its public shares, which may make it more likely
that we will consummate a business combination. 

In
connection with any meeting held to approve an initial business combination, we will offer each public shareholder the right to have
his, her or its public shares converted to cash (subject to the limitations described elsewhere in report) regardless of whether such
shareholder votes for or against such proposed business combination. Furthermore, we will consummate our initial business combination
only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 upon such consummation and an ordinary resolution under US law, which requires
the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company will be required to approve
the business combination. Accordingly, public shareholders may exercise their conversion rights and we could still consummate a proposed
business combination so long as a majority of shares voted at the meeting are voted in favor of the proposed business combination. This
is different than other similarly structured blank check companies where shareholders are offered the right to convert their shares only
when they vote against a proposed business combination. This is also different than other similarly structured blank check companies
where there is a specific number of shares sold in the offering which must not exercise conversion rights for the company to complete
a business combination. The lack of such a threshold and the ability to seek conversion while voting in favor of a proposed business
combination may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. 

In
connection with any shareholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, we may require shareholders who wish
to convert their public shares to comply with specific requirements for conversion that may make it more difficult for them to exercise
their conversion rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights. 

In
connection with any shareholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, each public shareholder will have
the right, regardless of whether it is voting for or against such proposed business combination, to demand that we convert its public
shares into a share of the trust account. Such conversion will be effectuated under US law and our certificate of incorporation as a
redemption of the shares, with the redemption price to be paid being the applicable pro rata portion of the monies held in the
trust account. We may require public shareholders who wish to convert their public shares in connection with a proposed business combination
to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using
the Depository Trust Company s DTC DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option,
at any time at or prior to the vote taken at the shareholder meeting relating to such business combination. In order to obtain a physical
share certificate, a shareholder s broker and/or clearing broker, DTC and our transfer agent will need to act to facilitate this
request. It is our understanding that shareholders should generally allot at least two weeks to obtain physical certificates from the
transfer agent. However, because we do not have any control over this process or over the brokers or DTC, it may take significantly longer
than two weeks to obtain a physical share certificate. It is also our understanding that it takes a short time to deliver shares through
the DWAC System. However, this too may not be the case. Accordingly, if it takes longer than we anticipate for shareholders to deliver
their shares, shareholders who wish to convert may be unable to meet the deadline for exercising their conversion rights and thus may
be unable to convert their shares. 

Investors
may not have sufficient time to comply with the delivery requirements for conversion. 

Pursuant
to our certificate of incorporation, we are required to give a minimum of only ten days notice for each general meeting. As a
result, if we require public shareholders who wish to convert their public shares into the right to receive a pro rata portion
of the funds in the trust account to comply with specific delivery requirements for conversion, holders may not have sufficient time
to receive the notice and deliver their shares for conversion. Accordingly, investors may not be able to exercise their conversion rights
and may be forced to retain our securities when they otherwise would not want to. 

15 

If
we require public shareholders who wish to convert their public shares to comply with the delivery requirements for conversion, such
converting shareholders may be unable to sell their securities when they wish to in the event that the proposed business combination
is not approved. 

If
we require public shareholders who wish to convert their public shares to comply with specific delivery requirements for conversion described
above and such proposed business combination is not consummated, we will promptly return such certificates to the tendering public shareholders.
Accordingly, investors who attempted to convert their shares in such a circumstance will be unable to sell their securities after the
failed acquisition until we have returned their securities to them. The market price for our shares may decline during this time and
you may not be able to sell your securities when you wish to, even while other shareholders that did not seek conversion may be able
to sell their securities. 

We
may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market
price of our shares at that time. 

In
connection with our initial business combination, we may issue shares to investors in private placement transactions (so-called PIPE
transactions) at a price of 10.00 per share or which approximates the per-share amounts in our trust account at such time. The purpose
of such issuances will be to enable us to provide sufficient liquidity to the post-business combination entity. The price of the shares
we issue may therefore be less, and potentially significantly less, than the market price for our shares at such time . 

As
the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may
be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in
our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. 

In
recent years and especially in the last several months, the number of SPACs that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential
targets for SPACs have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many SPACs seeking targets for their
initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets
may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial
business combination. 

In
addition, because there are more SPACs seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition
for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved
financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical
tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination.
This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination,
and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. 

16 

Unlike
some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies, our initial stockholders will receive additional shares of Class
A common stock if we issue certain shares to consummate an initial business combination. 

The
founder shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock upon the consummation of our initial business combination
on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and
subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities
are issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial public offering, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon
conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the total number of shares of Class A
common stock outstanding after such deemed issuance (excluding the placement units and underlying securities). 

Subsequent
to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment
or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our
securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even
if we conduct due diligence on a target business with which we combine, this diligence might not identify all material issues that may
be present within a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of
due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors,
we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could
result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously
known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash
items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative
market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants
to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining debt financing
to partially finance the initial business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, any shareholders or warrant holders who choose to remain
shareholders or warrant holders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders
or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction
was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully
bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business
combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

We
may only be able to complete one business combination, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have
a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

We
may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within
a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business
because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma
financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they
had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification
may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations
or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete
several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success
may depend upon: 

the
 performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

the
 development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

17 

This
lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial
adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

We
may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of
at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the
exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased,
all without your approval. 

Our
warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Vstock Transfer LLC, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant
agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any
defective provision but requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants to make any
change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the
public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants approve of
such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least a majority of the then outstanding
public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of
the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or stock (at a ratio different than initially provided), shorten the exercise period or
decrease the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

Our
warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of
New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants,
which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our
warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating
in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New
York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction,
which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive
jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. There is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such exclusive
forum provision. Investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by
the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive
forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and
to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the
forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall
be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection
with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service
of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign
action as agent for such warrant holder. 

This
choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for
disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement
inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs
associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

18 

We
may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We
have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of
 0.01 per warrant, provided that the reported last sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted
for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period
commencing once the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we give proper notice
of such redemption and provided certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise
our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification
under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register
or qualify such shares of common stock under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered
by us in the Initial Public Offering. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price
therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price when
you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants
are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants
will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may
be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete a business combination. 

A
company that, among other things, is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business
of investing, reinvesting, owning, trading or holding certain types of securities would be deemed an investment company under the Investment
Company Act of 1940. Since we will invest the proceeds held in the trust account only in United States government treasury bills, notes
or bonds having a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting the applicable conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated
under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and that invest solely in United States treasuries, we believe that we will not be considered
to be an investment company pursuant to the exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

If
we are nevertheless deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, we may be subject to certain restrictions
that may make it more difficult for us to complete a business combination, including: 

restrictions
 on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions
 on the issuance of securities. 

In
addition, we may have imposed upon us certain burdensome requirements, including: 

registration
 as an investment company; 

adoption
 of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting,
 record keeping, voting, proxy, compliance policies and procedures and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. 

Compliance
with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expense that we have not provided for. 

19 

A
provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

Unlike
most blank check companies, if 

we
 issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing
 of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share; 

the
 aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available
 for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions),
 and 

the
 Market Value is below 9.20 per share, 

then
the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price,
and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the greater of the Market
Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target
business. 

Provisions
in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors
might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A common stock and could entrench management. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation will contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders
may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors
to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage
transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

We
are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions
may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over
prevailing market prices for our securities. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought
in our name, actions against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other
actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing
the suit will, subject to certain exceptions, be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel,
which may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought
in our name, actions against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other
actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing
the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel except any action (A) as to which
the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the
Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days
following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery
or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring
any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation. This choice of forum provision may limit or make more costly a stockholder s ability to
bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or
stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision
contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional
costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

20 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, subject to certain exceptions. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over
all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result,
the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other
claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. In addition, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to actions
brought under the Securities Act, or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

We
may effect a business combination with a company located outside of the United States and if we do, we would be subject to a variety
of additional risks that may negatively impact our business operations and financial results. 

If
we consummate a business combination with a target business located outside of the United States, we would be subject to any special
considerations or risks associated with companies operating in the target business governing jurisdiction, including any of the
following: 

rules
 and regulations or currency redemption or corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

tariffs
 and trade barriers; 

regulations
 related to customs and import/export matters; 

longer
 payment cycles than in the United States; 

inflation; 

economic
 policies and market conditions; 

unexpected
 changes in regulatory requirements; 

challenges
 in managing and staffing international operations; 

tax
 issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency
 fluctuations; 

challenges
 in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural
 and language differences; 

protection
 of intellectual property; and 

employment
 regulations. 

We
cannot assure you that we would be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might
suffer. 

Our
search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially
adversely affected by the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic worldwide and resulting epidemic in the United States has resulted in a widespread health crisis that has adversely
affected the economy and financial markets, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination
could be materially and adversely affected. We may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19
restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services
providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search
for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information
which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions
posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination,
or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

21 

If
we effect a business combination with a company located outside of the United States, the laws applicable to such company will likely
govern all of our material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

If
we effect a business combination with a company located outside of the United States, the laws of the country in which such company operates
will govern almost all of the material agreements relating to its operations. We cannot assure you that the target business will be able
to enforce any of its material agreements or that remedies will be available in this new jurisdiction. The system of laws and the enforcement
of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability
to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities
or capital. Additionally, if we acquire a company located outside of the United States, it is likely that substantially all of our assets
would be located outside of the United States and some of our officers and directors might reside outside of the United States. As a
result, it may not be possible for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon our
directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties of our
directors and officers under Federal securities laws. 

Compliance
with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 will require substantial financial and management resources and may increase the time and costs of
completing an acquisition. 

Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls and may require us to have
such system audited by an independent registered public accounting firm. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls,
we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny, civil or criminal penalties and/or shareholder litigation. Any inability to provide reliable
financial reports could harm our business. A target business may also not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act regarding the adequacy of internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Furthermore, any failure to implement
required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in the implementation of adequate controls over our financial processes
and reporting in the future, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Inferior internal
controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the
trading price of our securities. 

We
are an emerging growth company and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth
companies will make our securities less attractive to investors. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth company for
up to five years. However, if our non-convertible debt issued within a three-year period or revenues exceeds 1 billion, or the market
value of our shares of common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million on the last day of the second fiscal quarter
of any given fiscal year, or if we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion in any given fiscal year, we would cease
to be an emerging growth company as of the following fiscal year. As an emerging growth company, we are not being required to comply
with the auditor attestation requirements of section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we have reduced disclosure obligations regarding
executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and we are exempt from the requirements of holding a nonbinding
advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Additionally,
as an emerging growth company, we have elected to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective
dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As such, our financial statements may not be
comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. We cannot predict if investors will find our shares less attractive
because we may rely on these provisions. If some investors find our shares less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading
market for our shares and our share price may be more volatile. 

22 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do
not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such
extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or
private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, will not adopt the new or revised standard until the time private companies are
required to adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which
is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult
or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant standards used. 

If
our management following a business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources
becoming familiar with such laws which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following
a business combination, our management will likely resign from their positions as officers of the company and the management of the target
business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. We cannot assure you that management of the target business will
be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with our laws, they may have to expend time and resources
becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely
affect our operations. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not Applicable to smaller reporting
companies. 

Item
2. Properties 

Our executive offices are located at 4800 Montgomery Lane, Suite 210 Bethesda, MD 20814, and our telephone number
is (301) 971-3955. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to our Sponsor for office space,
administrative and shared personnel support services. Upon completion of the Initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation,
the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

The
Company is not a party to any pending legal proceedings, and no such proceedings are known to be contemplated. 

There
are no material proceedings to which any director, officer or affiliate of the Company, or any owner of record or beneficially of more
than five percent of any class of voting securities of the Company, or any associate of any such director, officer, affiliate of the
Company, or security holder is a party adverse to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to the Company
or any of its subsidiaries. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

23 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Company s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Small Business Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information 

Since
February 1, 2022, the principal market on which our unit is traded is the Nasdaq Capital Market. Our common share, warrant and right
have traded on the Nasdaq since March 24, 2022. The Company s unit is trading under the symbol ACAXU, common
stock is trading under symbol ACAX, our warrant is trading under the symbol ACAXW, and the right is
trading under the symbol ACAXR. 

Prior
to our listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market there was no public trading market for our securities. 

Holders 

As
of February 24, 2023, the Company had two stockholders of record. 

Dividends 

Since
inception we have not paid any dividends on our common stock. We currently do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable
future on our common stock. Although we intend to retain our earnings, if any, to finance the exploration and growth of our business,
our board of directors will have the discretion to declare and pay dividends in the future. Payment of dividends in the future will depend
upon our earnings, capital requirements, and other factors, which our board of directors may deem relevant. 

Securities
authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans. 

The
Company does not have securities authorized for issuance under any equity compensation plans 

Performance
graph 

Not
applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

Recent
sales of unregistered securities; use of proceeds from registered securities 

On
November 8, 2021, our Sponsor purchased 2,156,250 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.012
per share. Such securities were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by our Sponsor, the Company had no assets, tangible or intangible.
The per share purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the Company by the
aggregate number of founder shares issued. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that the
founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (excluding the placement units and
underlying securities). As such, our initial stockholders collectively own approximately 23.6 of our issued and outstanding
shares. 

On
February 3, 2022, we consummated our Initial Public Offering (the Offering of an aggregate of 8,625,000 units Units including the issuance of 1,125,000 Units as a result of the underwriter s full exercise of its over-allotment option. The Units
were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 86,250,000. 

Simultaneously
with the consummation of the Offering, the Company consummated the private placement of 473,750 units (the Private Placement Units to the Sponsor, including the issuance of 33,750 Private Placement Units in connection with the underwriter s full exercise of
its over-allotment option, at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 4,735,500 (the Private
Placement ). The Private Placement was conducted as a non-public transaction and, as a transaction by an issuer not involving a public offering, is
exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

24 

Of
the gross proceeds received from the Offering, including the full exercise of the over-allotment option, and the Private Placement Units,
 86.25 million and 4.7 million was placed in the Trust Account, respectively. 

On
February 3, 2022, the Company paid a cash underwriting discount of 0.20 per Unit, or 1,725,000. In addition, the underwriters are entitled
to a deferred fee of 0.35 per Unit, or 3,018,750 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the
amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the
underwriting agreement. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the issuer and affiliated purchasers 

The
Company did not repurchase any shares of the Company s common stock during 2022. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

This
Form 10-K contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
For this purpose, any statements contained in this Form 10-K that are not statements of historical fact including, without
limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for
future operations, may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting the foregoing, words such as may ,
 will , expect , believe , anticipate , estimate or
 continue or comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements by their
nature involve substantial risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially depending on a variety of factors, many
of which are not within our control. These factors include by are not limited to economic conditions generally and in the industries
in which we may participate; competition within our chosen industry, including competition from much larger competitors;
technological advances and failure to successfully develop business relationships. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information
currently available to, the Company s management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking
statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set
forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange,
asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate
our initial business combination Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of the initial public offering and
the sale of the placement units, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial Business Combination (including
pursuant to backstop agreements we may enter into), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or
the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. 

Our
sponsor is Alset Acquisition Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ). The registration statement
for our initial public offering was declared effective on January 31, 2022. On February 3, 2022, we consummated our initial public offering
(the Initial Public Offering of 8,625,000 Units Units ), including the full exercise of the underwriters 
over-allotment option to purchase 1,125,000 units, at a purchase price of 10.00 per Unit. 

On
February 3, 2022, simultaneously with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private placement
of 473,750 units (the Private Placement Units to the Sponsor, which amount includes 33,750 Private Placement Units purchased
by the Sponsor in connection with the underwriters exercise of the option in full, at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement
Unit, generating gross proceeds of approximately 4.7 million (the Private Placement the proceeds of which were placed
in the trust account. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to the Private Placement. The Private Placement
was conducted as a non-public transaction and, as a transaction by an issuer not involved in the Initial Public Offering, was exempt
from registration under the Securities Act in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The Private Placement Units are identical
to the Units, except that (a) the Private Placement Units and their component securities will not be transferable, assignable or saleable
until 30 days after the consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination except to permitted transferees and (b) the
warrants and rights included as a component of the Private Placement Units, so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted
transferees, will be entitled to registration rights, respectively. 

25 

Of
the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Units, net of the underwriting commissions,
discounts, and offering expenses, 87,112,500 was placed in the Trust Account Trust Account and 1,874,050 was delivered
to the Company to cover operating expenses. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be
released to the Company to pay its taxes (less up to 100,000 interest to pay dissolution expenses), the funds held in the Trust Account
will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (a) the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination,
(b) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our certificate of incorporation
(A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial Business Combination or certain
amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination
within 12 months from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering (or 15 months if we have filed a proxy statement, registration
statement or similar filing for an initial Business Combination within 12 months from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering
but have not completed the initial Business Combination within such 12-month period, or up to 21 months if we extend the period of time
to consummate a Business Combination, at our election by two separate three month extensions, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions,
including the deposit of up to 862,500 for each three month extension, into the Trust Account, or as extended by our stockholders in
accordance with our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, and (c) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial
Business Combination within 12 months from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering (or 15 months if we have filed a proxy statement,
registration statement or similar filing for an initial Business Combination within 12 months from the consummation of the Initial Public
Offering but have not completed the initial Business Combination within such 12-month period, or up to 21 months if we extend the period
of time to consummate a Business Combination, at our election by two separate three month extensions, subject to satisfaction of certain
conditions, including the deposit of up to 862,500 for each three month extension, into the Trust Account, or as extended by our stockholders
in accordance with our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation), subject to applicable law. 

We
will have only 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or up to 21 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering
or as extended by our stockholders in accordance with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation) to complete the initial
Business Combination (the Combination Period ). However, if we are unable to complete the initial Business Combination within
the Combination Period (and our stockholders have not approved an amendment to our charter extending this time period), we will (i) cease
all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest
to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public
stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable
law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and
our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and
the requirements of other applicable law. 

On
September 9, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement and plan of merger (the Merger Agreement by and among the Company,
HWH International Inc., a Nevada corporation HWH and HWH Merger Sub Inc., a Nevada corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company Merger Sub ). The Company and Merger Sub are sometimes referred to collectively as the ACAX Parties. 
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, a business combination between the Company and HWH will be effected through the merger of Merger Sub
with and into HWH, with HWH surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger ). Upon the closing
of the Merger (the Closing ), it is anticipated that the Company will change its name to HWH International Inc. 
The board of directors of the Company has (i) approved and declared advisable the Merger Agreement, the Ancillary Agreements (as defined
in the Merger Agreement) and the transactions contemplated thereby and (ii) resolved to recommend approval of the Merger Agreement and
related transactions by the stockholders of the Company. 

HWH
is owned and controlled by certain member officers and directors of the Company and its sponsor. The Merger is expected to be consummated
in the first half of 2023, following the receipt of the required approval by the stockholders of the Company and the shareholder
of HWH and the satisfaction of certain other customary closing conditions. 

26 

The
total consideration to be paid at Closing (the Merger Consideration by the Company to the HWH shareholders will be 125,000,000,
and will be payable in shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Company Company Common Stock ).
The number of shares of the Company Common Stock to be paid to the shareholders of HWH as Merger Consideration will be 12,500,000, with
each share being valued at 10.00. All cash proceeds remaining in the trust will be used to pay transaction costs and as growth capital
for HWH. There can be no assurance that the Merger will be consummated. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of November 30, 2022, we had 1,172,581 in cash and a working capital of 818,083. 

Our
liquidity needs up to November 30, 2022 had been satisfied through a capital contribution from our Sponsor of 25,000 for the founder
shares and the loan from our Sponsor in addition to our Sponsor paying offering and formation costs on behalf of the Company. After consummation
of the Initial Public Offering on February 3, 2022, we had approximately 1.9 million in our operating bank account and working capital
of approximately 1.65 million. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our sponsor
or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide us Working Capital Loans.
As of November 30, 2022, there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans. 

Based
on the foregoing, management believes that we will have sufficient working capital to meet our needs through the earlier of the consummation
of a Business Combination or one year from this filing. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

Management
continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the economic effects
of the pandemic could have a negative effect on our financial position, and results of our operations, the specific impact is not readily
determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Results
of Operations 

As
of November 30, 2022, we had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from October 20, 2021 (inception) through November
30, 2022 relates to our formation and the Initial Public Offering. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues
to date. We will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial Business Combination, at the earliest.
We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the
Initial Public Offering. We expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting,
accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For
the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, we had net income of 113,541 and net loss of 5,000, respectively. 

Contractual
Obligations 

We
do not have any long-term debt obligations, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations or long-term
liabilities. 

Administrative
Services Agreement 

We
agreed to pay the Sponsor 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support services commencing
on the date that our securities were first listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or
our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

27 

Registration
Rights 

The
holders of the founder shares, the placement units (including securities contained therein) and warrants (including securities contained
therein) that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans, and any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise
of the placement units and any shares of Class A common stock that may be issued upon exercise of the warrants issued upon conversion
as part of the working capital loans and Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the founder shares, are entitled to registration
rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering, requiring us to register
such securities for resale (in the case of the founder shares, only after conversion to our Class A common stock). The holders of the
majority of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities.
In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent
to our completion of our initial Business Combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule
415 under the Securities Act. The registration rights agreement does not contain liquidated damages or other cash settlement provisions
resulting from delays in registering our securities. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration
statements. 

Underwriting
Agreement 

On
February 3, 2022, the Company paid a cash underwriting discount of 0.20 per Unit, or 1,725,000. 

In
addition, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per Unit, or 3,018,750 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become
payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination,
subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual
results could materially differ from those estimates. 

The
Company has determined there are no critical accounting policies or estimates in the periods covered in this report. 

Critical
Accounting Estimate 

An
accounting estimate where (a) the nature of the estimate is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account
for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change and (b) the impact of the estimate on financial condition
or operating performance is material. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Practices 

A
company s accounting policies and practices that are both most important to the portrayal of the company s financial condition
and results, and require management s most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often because of the need to make estimates
about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of November 30, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined under applicable SEC rules. 

Inflation 

We
do not believe that inflation had a material impact on our business, revenues or operating results during the period presented. 

28 

Emerging
Growth Company Status 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities
Act ), as modified by the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012, (the JOBS Act ), and it may take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth
companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and
exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden
parachute payments not previously approved. 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do
not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended
transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private
companies, us, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised
standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company
nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential
differences in accounting standards used. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not
applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

29 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Alset
Capital Acquisition Corp. 

 FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 November
30, 2022 and 2021 

Contents 
 
 Page(s) 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 
 F-1 

Balance Sheets at November 30, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-2 

Statements of Operations for the Period from October 20, 2021 (inception) through November 30, 2021 and the Year Ended November 30, 2022 
 
 F-3 

Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Period from October 20, 2021 (inception) through November 30, 2021 and the Year Ended November 30, 2022 
 
 F-4 

Statements of Cash Flows for the Period from October 20, 2021 (inception) through November 30, 2021 and the Year Ended November 30, 2022 
 
 F-5 

Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
 F-6 

30 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Alset
Capital Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Alset Capital Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of November 30, 2022 and
2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended November 30, 2022 and for
the period from October 20, 2021 (inception) through November 30, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended November 30, 2022 and
the period from October 20, 2021 (inception) through November 30, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. 

Going
Concern Matter 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described
in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination within
a prescribed period of time and if not completed will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The date for mandatory
liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

www.malonebailey.com 

 We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

February 3, 2023 

F- 1 

ALSET
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 
BALANCE SHEETS 

November 30, 
 November 30, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Due from Sponsor 

Deferred offering costs 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued offering costs 

Advances from related parties 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting compensation 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 6): 
 - 
 - 

Temporary equity: 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption; and shares (at
 approximately per share) as of November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, respectively 

Stockholders (deficit) equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued
 and outstanding 

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; 
 and issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption) as of November 30, 2022 and November 30,
 2021, respectively 

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and
 outstanding as of November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, respectively 

Common stock value 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders (deficit) equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders 
 (deficit) equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 2 

ALSET
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For
 the Year Ended November
 30, 2022 
 For
 the Period from October 20, 2021 (inception) Through November
 30, 2021 
 
 EXPENSES 

Administration fee - related party 
 
 - 
 
 General and administrative 

TOTAL EXPENSES 

OTHER INCOME 

Investment
 income earned on cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 
 - 
 
 TOTAL OTHER INCOME 
 
 - 

Pre-tax income(loss) 

Income tax expense 
 
 - 

Net income (loss) 

Weighted average number of shares of Class A common stock
 outstanding, basic and diluted 
 
 - 
 
 Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share of Class
 A common stock 
 
 - 

Weighted average number of shares of Class B common stock
 outstanding, basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share of Class
 B common stock 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

ALSET
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY FOR THE PERIOD FROM OCTOBER 20, 2021 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH NOVEMBER 30, 2021 AND THE YEAR ENDED 
NOVEMBER 30, 2022 

Class
 A 
 Common
 Stock 
 Class
 B 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance, October 20, 2021 (inception) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor 
 - 
 - 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at November 30, 2021 

Issuance
 of Shares at Initial Public Offering 

Deferred
 underwriting compensation 

Sale of Private Placement Units 

Underwriter s fees and other issuance costs 

Remeasurement of Class A common stock to redemption value 

Class A Common Stock Measurement Adjustment 

Net income 

Net income (loss) 

Remeasurement of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption to redemption
 amount 

Balance at November 30, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

ALSET
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For
 the Year Ended November
 30, 2022 
 For
 the Period from October 20, 2021 (inception) Through November
 30, 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Investment income earned on cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 
 - 
 
 Formation and organization costs paid by related parties 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Other current assets 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 
 
 - 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Due from Sponsor 
 
 - 
 
 Cash deposited into Trust Account 
 
 - 
 
 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 
 - 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor 
 - 

Proceeds from sale of Units in Public Offering, net of underwriting fee 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Units 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from advances from related party 
 - 

Repayment of related party advances 
 
 - 
 
 Payment of offering costs 
 
 - 
 
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 
 
 - 
 
 Cash at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities: 

Deferred underwriters commissions charged to temporary equity in connection with the Initial
 Public Offering 
 
 - 
 
 Class A Common Stock measurement adjustment 
 
 - 
 
 Initial classification of Class A Common Stock subject to redemption 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred offering costs included in advances from related party 
 - 

Deferred offering costs included in accrued offering costs 
 - 

Subsequent remeasurement of common stock subject to redemption 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

ALSET CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 

 Notes
to the financial statements 

 NOVEMBER
30, 2022 

,
and will be payable in shares of Class A common stock, par value per share, of the Company Company Common Stock ).
The number of shares of the Company Common Stock to be paid to the shareholders of HWH as Merger Consideration will be , with
each share being valued at . All cash proceeds remaining in the trust will be used to pay transaction costs and as growth capital
for HWH. 

The
registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on January 31, 2022. On February 3, 2022,
the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of units Units and, with respect to the shares of common
stock included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), generating gross proceeds of , which includes
the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase an additional Units generating additional gross proceeds to
the Company of , which is described in Note 3. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private sale of units (the Private Placement
Units at a price of per Private Placement Unit in private placement to Alset Acquisition Sponsor, LLC (the Sponsor generating gross proceeds to the Company in the amount of . 

The
Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of Private Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied toward consummating
a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company
must complete one or more initial Business Combinations with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal
to at least of the net assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes
payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account). per Unit sold in the Initial Public Offering, including proceeds from the Private Placement Units, will be held in
a trust account Trust Account , located in the United States and invested only in U.S. government securities, within the
meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment
company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment
Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution
of the funds held in the Trust Account, as described below. 

The
Company will provide the holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their Public Shares either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination
or (ii) by means of a tender offer in connection with the Business Combination. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder
approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The Public Stockholders will be entitled to
redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be per Public
Share, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion
of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. The Public Shares subject to redemption will be recorded at a
redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the Accounting
Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity . 

All
of the Public Shares contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s
liquidation, if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Company s Business Combination and in connection
with certain amendments to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation. In accordance with the rules of the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC and its guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99,
redemption provisions not solely within the control of a company require common stock subject to redemption to be classified outside
of permanent equity. Given that the Public Shares will be issued with other freestanding instruments (i.e., public warrants), the initial
carrying value of Class A common stock classified as temporary equity will be the allocated proceeds determined in accordance with ASC
470-20. The Class A common stock is subject to ASC 480-10-S99. If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, we
have the option to either (i) accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that
it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or (ii) recognize
changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value
at the end of each reporting period. We have elected to recognize the changes immediately. The accretion or remeasurement will be treated
as a deemed dividend (i.e., a reduction to retained earnings, or in absence of retained earnings, additional paid-in capital). The Public
Shares are redeemable and will be classified as such on the balance sheet until such date that a redemption event takes place. Redemptions
of the Company s Public Shares may be subject to the satisfaction of conditions, including minimum cash conditions, pursuant to
an agreement relating to the Company s Business Combination. 

The
Company will not redeem Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than (so that it does
not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which
may be contained in the agreement relating to the Business Combination. If the Company seeks stockholder approval of the Business Combination,
the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business
Combination, or such other vote as required by law or stock exchange rule. If a stockholder vote is not required by applicable law or
stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company
will, pursuant to its second amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct
the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and file tender offer documents with
the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law
or stock exchange listing requirements, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company
will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer
rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder
Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business
Combination. Additionally, each Public Stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective
of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the Company seeks stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the
tender offer rules, the Certificate of Incorporation provides that a Public Stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder
or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more
than an aggregate of of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 

The
holders of the Founder Shares have agreed (a) to waive their redemption rights with respect to the Founder Shares and Public Shares held
by them in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation
(i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemptions in connection with a Business Combination
or to redeem of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined
below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, unless
the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

If
the Company has not completed a Business Combination within 12 months from the closing of Initial Public Offering (or 15 months if we
have filed a proxy statement, registration statement or similar filing for an initial Business Combination within 12 months from the
consummation of Initial Public Offering but have not completed the initial Business Combination within such 12-month period, or up to
21 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination, at the election of the Company by two separate three
month extensions, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including the deposit of up to per unit in either case)
for each three month extension, into the trust account, or as extended by the Company s stockholders in accordance with our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash,
equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account
and not previously released to pay taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then
outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the
right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate,
subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of
other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which
will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

The
holders of the Founders Shares have agreed to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails
to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the holders of Founder Shares acquire Public Shares in
or after the Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the
Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to
their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will
be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value
of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit ). 

In
order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims
by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed
entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) per Public Share or (ii) such
lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 
per Public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn
to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account
and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an
executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability
for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account
due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for the Company s independent registered
accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the
Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Going
Concern and Management s Plan 

The
Company expects to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans and will not generate any operating revenues until after
the completion of its initial business combination, at the earliest. In addition, the Company expects to have negative cash flows from operations as it
pursues an initial business combination target. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in
accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern the Company does not currently have adequate liquidity to sustain operations, which consist
solely of pursuing a Business Combination. 

The
Company may raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from the Sponsor or its stockholders, officers, directors,
or third parties. The Company s officers and directors and the Sponsor may, but are not obligated to (except as described above),
loan the Company funds, from time to time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s
working capital needs. Based on the foregoing, the Company believes it will have sufficient cash to meet its needs through the earlier
of consummation of a Business Combination or the deadline to complete a Business Combination pursuant to the Company s Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (unless otherwise amended by shareholders). 

While
the Company expects to have sufficient access to additional sources of capital if necessary, there is no current commitment on the part
of any financing source to provide additional capital and no assurances can be provided that such additional capital will ultimately
be available. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period
of time within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. There is no assurance that the Company s plans
to raise additional capital (to the extent ultimately necessary) or to consummate a Business Combination will be successful or successful
within the Combination Period. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

As
is customary for a special purpose acquisition company, if the Company is not able to consummate a Business Combination during the Combination
Period, it will cease all operations and redeem the Public Shares. Management plans to continue its efforts to consummate a Business
Combination during the Combination Period. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

Management
is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the economic
effects of the pandemic could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations and/or search
for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The balance sheet
does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

and as of November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, respectively. The Company had cash equivalents
as of November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021. 

million in investments in treasury securities held in the Trust Account. 

consist principally of costs incurred
in connection with the preparation for the Initial Public Offering. These costs, together with the underwriter s discount of ,
were allocated between temporary equity, the Public Warrants and the Private Units in a relative fair value method upon completion of
the Initial Public Offering. 

are presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity section
of the Company s balance sheets. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income per share of common stock 

ASC
740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statements recognition and measurement of
tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely
than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized
tax benefits as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of November
30, 2022 and November 30, 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments,
accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since
inception. 

The
Company s effective tax rate was and for the year ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The effective
tax rate differs from the statutory tax rate for the year ended November 30, 2022, due to changes in the valuation allowance on the deferred
tax assets. 

The
Inflation Reduction Act IR Act was enacted on August 16, 2022. The IR Act includes provisions imposing a excise
tax on share repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022 and introduces a corporate alternative minimum tax CAMT on adjusted financial statement income. The CAMT will be effective for us beginning in fiscal 2024. We currently are not expecting the
IR Act to have a material adverse impact to our financial statements. 

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account. 

Units at a price of per Unit generating gross proceeds to the Company
in the amount of . Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock, one-half of one redeemable warrant Public
Warrant and one right. Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price
of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share
of Class A common stock upon the consummation of an initial Business Combination. 

On
February 3, 2022, the underwriters purchased an additional Units pursuant to the full exercise of the over-allotment option.
The Units were sold at an offering price of per Unit, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of . 

Private Placement Units at a price of
 per Private Placement Unit generating gross proceeds in the amount of . In connection with the full exercise of the
over-allotment option, the Sponsor purchased an additional Private Placement Units at a purchase price of per Unit for
total gross proceeds of . per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). 

The
proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust
Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private
Placement Units held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable
law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable
upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of
an Initial Business Combination, subject to certain exceptions. 

shares of the Company s Class B common stock (the Founder Shares for . The Founder Shares include an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters 
over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part, so that the number of Founder Shares will equal, on an as-converted basis, to approximately
 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock after the Initial Public Offering (excluding the placement units
and underlying securities). In connection with the exercise of the underwriters overallotment option, these shares are no longer
subject to forfeiture. 

The
holder of the Founder Shares have agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until
the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of a Business Combination and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x)
if the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar
transaction that results in all of the Public Stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities
or other property. 

Promissory
Note Related Party 

On
November 8, 2021, the Sponsor issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company (the Promissory Note ), pursuant to which
the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of . The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the
earlier of (i) May 8, 2022, or (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. As of November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, there
was no amount outstanding under the Promissory Note. 

Advances
from Related Party 

The
Sponsor paid certain offering costs on behalf of the Company and advanced working capital to the Company. These advances are due on demand
and are non-interest bearing. During the year ended November 30, 2022, the Sponsor paid a total of of offering and operating
costs on behalf of the Company. During the year ended November 30, 2022, the Company repaid the outstanding balance of . As of
November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, 0 and was due to the related party, respectively. 

General
and Administrative Services 

Commencing
on the date the Units are first listed on the Nasdaq, the Company has agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of per month for office
space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support for up to 24 months. Upon completion of the Initial Business Combination
or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. During the year ended November 30, 2022, the Company
recorded a charge of to the statement of operations pursuant to the agreement. 

Related
Party Loans 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain
of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working
Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes may be repaid upon completion of
a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of the notes may be converted upon completion
of a Business Combination into units at a price of per unit. Such units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. In
the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay
the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. As of November
30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, there were amounts outstanding under the Working Capital Loans. 

Due
from Sponsor 

Due
from sponsor was and 0 at November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, respectively and represents expenses paid by the Company
on behalf of the Sponsor. 

Underwriting
Agreement 

The
Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of Initial Public Offering to purchase up to additional Units
to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On February 3,
2022, the underwriters elected to fully exercise their over-allotment option. The Units were sold at an offering price of per
Unit, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of . 

The
underwriters were paid a cash underwriting discount of per Unit, or in the aggregate, upon the closing of the Initial
Public Offering. In addition, the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred fee of per Unit, or in the aggregate.
The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company
completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share. As
of November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Class
A Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A common stock with a par value of 
per share. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. As of November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, there
were and shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, respectively, (excluding shares of the Class A Common
Stock subject to possible redemption that were classified as temporary equity in the accompanying balance sheets). 

Class
B Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class B common stock with a par value of 
per share. Holders of Class B common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. As of November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, there
were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. 

Only
holders of the Class B common stock will have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to the Business Combination. Holders
of Class A common stock and holders of Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of
our stockholders except as otherwise required by law. In connection with our initial Business Combination, we may enter into a stockholders 
agreement or other arrangements with the stockholders of the target or other investors to provide for voting or other corporate governance
arrangements that differ from those that were in effect upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

The
shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into Class A common stock at the time of a Business Combination, on a one-for-one
basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or
deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in the Initial Public Offering and related to the closing of a Business Combination, the
ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders
of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance
or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock
will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, to 20 of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding
upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering (excluding the placement units and underlying securities). 

Rights
 - Except in cases where the Company is not the surviving company in a Business Combination, each holder of a right will automatically
receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share of common stock upon consummation of the initial Business Combination. The Company will not issue
fractional shares in connection with an exchange of rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded to the nearest whole share or otherwise
addressed in accordance with Section 155 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as further described herein. We will make the determination
of how we are treating fractional shares at the time of our initial Business Combination and will include such determination in the proxy
materials we will send to stockholders for their consideration of such initial Business Combination . 

Warrants
 Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation
of the Units and only whole warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion
of a Business Combination and (b) 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire five years
after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The
Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of Class
A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A
common stock is available, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from
registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue
any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified
under the securities laws of the state of residence of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. 

The
Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of a Business Combination,
the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file, and within 60 business days following a Business Combination being
declared effective, a registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the
warrants and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed.
Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities
exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the
Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis 
in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to
file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares
under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

Redemption
of Warrants When the Price per Share of Class A Common Stock Equals or Exceeds Once the warrants become exercisable,
the Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of per Public Warrant; 

upon
 a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption, or the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and 

if,
 and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
 stock dividends, reorganization, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on
 the trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to warrant holders. 

If
and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register
or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

If
the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, as described above, its management will have the option to require any holder that
wishes to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise
price and number of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in
the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except as
described below, the Public Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally,
in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Public Warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Public Warrants will not receive
any of such funds with respect to their Public Warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held
outside of the Trust Account with respect to such Public Warrants. Accordingly, the Public Warrants may expire worthless. 

The
Private Placement Warrants will be identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units being sold in the Initial Public Offering except
the Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) will not
be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of an Initial Business Combination, subject to certain exceptions. 

F- 16 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

Not
Applicable. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

In
connection with the preparation of our Report on Form 10-K, an evaluation was carried out by management, with the participation of our
Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officers, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act) as of November 30, 2022. Disclosure controls and
procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management,
including the Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officers, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

During
evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures as of November 30, 2022 conducted as part of our annual audit and preparation of our
annual financial statements, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operations of our disclosure controls
and procedures. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that during the period covered by this report,
our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level, and accordingly, provided reasonable assurance
that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 

31 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

This
annual report filed on Form 10-K does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over
financial reporting or an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by the rules of the SEC for newly public companies. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the most recent fiscal year covered by this
report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
Applicable. 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Identification
of directors and executive officers 

The
name, age and position of our officers and directors are set forth below: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Heng
 Fai Ambrose Chan 
 
 78 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Rongguo
 (Ronald) Wei 
 
 51 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 William
 Wu 
 
 56 
 
 Director 
 
 Wong
 Shui Yeung 
 
 52 
 
 Director 
 
 Wong
 Tat Keung 
 
 52 
 
 Director 

The
mailing address for each of the officers and directors named above is c/o of the Company at: 4800 Montgomery Lane, Suite 210, Bethesda,
MD, 20814. 

32 

Business
Experience 

Heng
Fai Ambrose Chan has served as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since October of 2021. Mr. Chan has over forty-five years of
experience in the financial and equity investment industry. Mr. Chan is the founder of Alset Inc. and has served as its Chairman of
the Board and Chief Executive Officer since that company s inception in March 2018. Mr. Chan is an expert in banking and
finance. He has restructured numerous companies in various industries and countries during the past 40 years. Mr. Chan has served as
the Chief Executive Officer of Alset International Limited since April 2014. Mr. Chan joined the Board of Directors of Alset
International Limited in May 2013. From 1995 to 2015, Mr. Chan served as Managing Chairman of Hong Kong-listed Zensun Enterprises
Limited (formerly Heng Fai Enterprises Limited), an investment holding company. Mr. Chan had previously served as a member of the
Board of Zensun Enterprises Limited since September 1992. Mr. Chan was formerly the Managing Director of SingHaiyi Group Ltd., a
public Singapore property development, investment and management company SingHaiyi ), from March 2003 to September
2013, and the Executive Chairman of China Gas Holdings Limited, an investor and operator of the city gas pipeline infrastructure in
China from 1997 to 2002. Mr. Chan has served as a non-executive director of DSS, Inc. (formerly known as Document Security Systems,
Inc.) since January 2017 and as Chairman of the Board since March 2019. Mr. Chan has served as a member of the Board of Directors of
OptimumBank Holdings, Inc. since June 2018. He has also served as a non-executive director of our indirect subsidiary LiquidValue
Development Inc. since January 2017. Mr. Chan has also served as a non-executive director of Holista CollTech Ltd., since July 2013.
Mr. Chan has served as a director of Alset International s 99.98 -owned subsidiary GigWorld Inc. since October 2014. Mr. Chan
has served as a member of the Board of Directors of Sharing Services Global Corporation since April of 2020. 

Mr.
Chan was formerly a director of Global Medical REIT Inc., a healthcare facility real estate company, from December 2013 to July 2015.
He also served as a director of Skywest Ltd., a public Australian airline company from 2005 to 2006. Additionally, from November 2003
to September 2013, he was a Director of SingHaiyi. Mr. Chan served as a member of the Board of Directors of RSI International Systems,
Inc., the developer of RoomKeyPMS, a web-based property management system, from June 2014 to February 2019. 

Mr.
Chan has committed that the majority of his time will be devoted to managing the affairs of our company; however, Mr. Chan may engage
in other business ventures, including other technology-related businesses. Mr. Chan is a citizen of Singapore and has no business in
China. Mr. Chan and is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Alset Inc., the majority owner of HWH s parent company, Alset
International Limited, and Alset Investment Pte Ltd.; the owners of our sponsor. Mr. Chan also serves as the Executive Chairman, Director,
and Hapi Wealth Builder Division Head of HWH, and the Executive Chairman of Sharing Services Global Corporation, a company partly owned
by DSS, Inc., an entity in which Alset Inc. has a 25.33 ownership stake. 

Director
Qualifications of Heng Fai Ambrose Chan: 

The
board of directors appointed Mr. Chan in recognition of his abilities to assist the Company in expanding its business and the contributions
he can make to the Company s strategic direction. 

Rongguo
(Ronald) Wei, has served as our Chief Financial Officer since October of 2021. Mr. Wei is a finance professional with more than 15
years of experience working in public and private corporations in the United States. As the Co-Chief Financial Officer of Alset
Inc., the majority shareholder of Alset International Limited, HWH s owner, and Chief Financial Officer of SeD Development
Management LLC, Mr. Wei is responsible for oversight of all finance, accounting, reporting and taxation activities for those
companies. Prior to joining SeD Development Management LLC in August 2016, Mr. Wei worked for several different U.S. multinational
and private companies including serving as Controller at American Silk Mill, LLC, a textile manufacturing and distribution company,
from August 2014 to July 2016, serving as a Senior Financial Analyst at Air Products Chemicals, Inc., a manufacturing company,
from January 2013 to June 2014, and serving as a Financial/Accounting Analyst at First Quality Enterprise, Inc., a personal products
company, from 2011 to 2012. Mr. Wei served as a member of the Board Directors of Amarantus Bioscience Holdings, Inc., a biotech
company, from February to May 2017, and has served as Chief Financial Officer of that company from February 2017 until November
2017. Before Mr. Wei came to the United States, he worked as an equity analyst at Hong Yuan Securities, an investment bank in
Beijing, China, concentrating on industrial and public company research and analysis. Mr. Wei is a certified public accountant and
received his Master of Business Administration from the University of Maryland and a Master of Business Taxation from the University
of Minnesota. Mr. Wei also holds a Master in Business degree from Tsinghua University and a Bachelor s degree from Beihang
University. 

We
have also assembled a group of independent directors who will provide public company governance, executive leadership, operational
oversight, private equity investment management and capital markets experience. Included in this group is Mr. William Wu, Mr. Wong Shui
Yeung (Frankie) and Mr. Wong Tat Keung (Aston). 

33 

Mr.
William Wu has served as a member of our Board of Directors since January of 2022. Mr. Wu has served as the Managing Director of Investment Banking at Glory Sun Securities Limited since January 2019. Mr. Wu previously served as the Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of Power Financial Group
Limited from November 2017 to January 2019. Mr. Wu has served on the Board of Directors of Alset Inc. since November of 2020. Mr. Wu
has served as an independent non-executive director of JY Grandmark Holdings Limited since November 2019. Mr. Wu has served as a member
of the Board of Directors of DSS, Inc. since October of 2019. Mr. Wu has served as a Director of Asia Allied Infrastructure Holdings
Limited since February 2015. Mr. Wu previously served as a Director and Chief Executive Officer of RHB Hong Kong Limited from April 2011
to October 2017. Mr. Wu served as the Chief Executive Officer of SW Kingsway Capital Holdings Limited (now known as Sunwah Kingsway Capital
Holdings Limited) from April 2006 to September 2010. Mr. Wu holds a Bachelor of Business Administration degree and a Master of Business
Administration degree of Simon Fraser University in Canada. He was qualified as a Chartered Financial Analyst of The Institute of Chartered
Financial Analysts in 1996. 

Mr.
Wu previously worked for a number of international investment banks and possesses over 27 years of experience in the investment banking,
capital markets, institutional broking and direct investment businesses. He is a registered license holder to carry out Type 6 (advising
on corporate finance) and Type 9 (asset management) regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the
Laws of Hong Kong). We believe that Mr. Wu s knowledge of complex, cross-border financial matters is highly relevant to our business
and qualifies him to serve as an independent member of the board. 

Director
Qualifications of Mr. Wu: 

Mr.
Wu demonstrates extensive knowledge of complex, cross-border financial matters highly relevant to our business, making him well-qualified
to serve as an independent member of the board. Mr. Wu serves on our Audit Committee and Compensation Committee . 

Mr.
Wong Shui Yeung (Frankie) has served as a member of our Board of Directors since January of 2022. Mr. Wong is a practicing member and fellow of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a member
of Hong Kong Securities and Investment Institute. He holds a bachelor s degree in business administration. He has over 20 years 
experience in accounting, auditing, corporate finance, corporate investment and development, and company secretarial practice. Mr. Wong
was an Independent Non-Executive Director of SMI Holdings Group Limited from April 2017 to December 2020, the shares of which were listed
on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and was an independent non-executive director of SMI Culture Travel
Group Holdings Limited from December 2019 to November 2020, the shares of which are listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of
Hong Kong Limited. Mr. Wong has served as a director of Alset Inc. and DSS Inc. since November 2021 and July 2022 respectively, the shares
of which are listed on NASDAQ. He has served as an independent non-executive director, and as chairman of the audit risk management
committee and the remuneration committee of Alset International Limited since June 2017, the shares of which are listed on the Catalist
Board of the Singapore Stock Exchange. Mr. Wong has served as a member of the Board of Directors of Value Exchange International, Inc.
since April 2022, the shares of which are listed on the OTCQB. 

Director
Qualifications of Mr. Wong: 

Mr.
Wong s knowledge of complex, cross-border financial, accounting and tax matters highly relevant to our business, as well as working
experience in internal corporate controls, qualify him to serve as an independent member of the board. Mr. Wong serves on our Audit Committee and Compensation Committee . 

34 

Mr.
Wong Tat Keung (Aston) has served as a member of our Board of Directors since January of 2022. Mr. Wong has over 20 years experience in audit, accounting, taxation and business advisory. Mr. Wong has
served as a director of Alset Inc. since November 2020. Since 2010, Mr. Wong has served as the director of Aston Wong CPA Limited. He
has been an independent non-executive director of Alset International since January 2017, and a director of Alset Inc. since November
2020. Mr. Wong has been an independent non-executive director of Roma Group Limited,
a valuation and technical advisory firm, since March 2016, and has served as an independent non-executive director of Lerthai Group Limited,
a property, investment, management and development company, since December 2018. Previously, he served as the director and sole proprietor
of Aston Wong Co., a registered certified public accounting firm, from January 2006 to February 2010. From January 2005 to December
2005, he was a Partner at Aston Wong, Chan Co., Certified Public Accountants. From April 2003 to December 2004, he served at Gary
Cheng Co., Certified Public Accountants as Audit Senior. He served as an Audit Junior to Supervisor of Hui Sik Wing Co.,
certified public accountants from April 1993 to December 1999. He served as an independent non-executive director of SingHaiyi from July
2009 to July 2013 and ZH Holdings from December 2009 to July 2015. Mr. Wong is a Certified Public Accountant admitted to practice in
Hong Kong. He is a Fellow Member of Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and an Associate Member of the Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants. He holds a Master in Business Administration degree (financial services) from the University of Greenwich,
London, England. 

Director
Qualifications of Mr. Wong: 

Mr.
Wong demonstrates extensive knowledge of complex, cross-border financial, accounting and tax matters highly relevant to our business,
as well as working experience in internal corporate controls, making him well-qualified to serve as an independent member of the board.
Mr. Wong serves on our Audit Committee and Compensation Committee . 

Family
Relationships 

There are no family
relationships among the officers and directors, nor are there any arrangements or understanding between any of the directors or officers
of the Company. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

To
our knowledge, no director, officer or beneficial owner of more than ten percent of any class of our equity securities, failed to file
on a timely basis reports required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act during the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
adopted a code of ethics on January 31, 2022, that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal
accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions. 

Corporate
Governance 

There
have been no changes in any state law or other procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our board of directors.
We do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee. 

Board
Committees 

Our
Board of Directors has an Audit Committee and a Compensation Committee. Each of these committees is currently composed
of Wong Tat Keung, William Wu and Wong Shui Yeung. 

Our
Audit Committee and Compensation Committee will each comply with the listing requirements of the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules. At least one
member of the Audit Committee will be an audit committee financial expert, as that term is defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii)
of Regulation S-K, and each member will be independent as that term is defined in Rule 5605(a) of the Nasdaq Marketplace
Rules. Our Board of Directors has determined that each of Wong Tat Keung, William Wu and Wong Shui Yeung is independent. 

35 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

None
of our directors, executive officers and control persons/promoters has been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

Any
 bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the
 time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time, 

Any
 conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to any pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses); 

Being
 subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his or her involvement in any type of business, securities
 or banking activities; or 

Being
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have
 violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

In
general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business
opportunities to a corporation if: 

the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it would not be fair to the corporation and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the
corporation. 

Upon
the closing of the initial business combination, the Company s Code of Ethics will be amended to require it to avoid, wherever
possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except under guidelines approved
by the Board (or the audit committee). Related-party transactions are defined as transactions in which (1) the aggregate amount involved
will or may be expected to exceed 120,000 in any calendar year, (2) the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a participant, and (3)
any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 4 beneficial owner of the Company Common
Stock, or (c) immediate family member of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct or indirect material
interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10 beneficial owner of another entity). A conflict of interest
situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively and
effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits
as a result of his or her position. As a result of the close relationship between HWH and the Company, in the event that the initial
business combination with HWH is consummated, it will not be possible to avoid such related party conflicts. 

The
Company s audit committee, pursuant to its written charter, is responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions
to the extent the Company enters into such transactions. The audit committee will consider all relevant factors when determining whether
to approve a related party transaction, including whether the related party transaction is on terms no less favorable to the Company
than terms generally available from an unaffiliated third-party under the same or similar circumstances and the extent of the related
party s interest in the transaction. No director may participate in the approval of any transaction in which he is a related party,
but that director is required to provide the audit committee with all material information concerning the transaction. The Company also
requires each of its directors and executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information
about related party transactions. 

These
procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a
conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 

As
a result of the relationship between HWH and the Company, the Company obtained a fairness opinion in connection with the board s
approval of the Agreement and Plan of Merger with HWH. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

Unless
otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, references in this section to we, our, us 
and other similar terms refer to Alset before the Business Combination. 

None
of our executive officers has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We have agreed to pay to our Sponsor a total
of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business
combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. No compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee,
reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, will be paid by us to our Sponsor, officers or directors
or any affiliate of our Sponsor, officers or directors, prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate,
the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals will
be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target
businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments
that were made to our Sponsor, officers or directors or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination
will be made using funds held outside the Trust Account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such payments, we do not expect
to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us or the Combined Company
may be paid consulting or management fees, or other fees, from the Combined Company. We have not established any limit on the amount
of such fees that may be paid by the Combined Company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation
will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be
responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended
to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority
of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

There
were no grants of stock options through the date of this report. 

We
do not have any long-term incentive plans that provide compensation intended to serve as incentive for performance. 

The
board of directors of the Company has not adopted a stock option plan. The Company has no plans to adopt it but may choose to do so in
the future. If such a plan is adopted, this may be administered by the board or a committee appointed by the board (the Committee ).
The Committee would have the power to modify, extend or renew outstanding options and to authorize the grant of new options in substitution
therefore, provided that any such action may not impair any rights under any option previously granted. The Company may develop an incentive-based
stock option plan for its officers and directors. 

36 

Stock
Awards Plan 

The
company has not adopted a Stock Awards Plan but may do so in the future. The terms of any such plan have not been determined. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

Security
Ownership 

The
following table and accompanying footnotes set forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock
as of February 24, 2023, referred to in the table below as the Beneficial Ownership Date, by: 

each
 person who is known to be the beneficial owner of 5 or more of the outstanding shares of our common stock; 

each
 member of our board of directors, director nominees and each of our named executive officers individually; and 

all
 of our directors, director nominees and executive officers as a group. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC. In computing the number of shares beneficially owned by a person and
the percentage ownership of that person, shares of common stock subject to stock options or warrants held by that person that are currently
exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of the Beneficial Ownership Date and shares of restricted stock subject to vesting until the
occurrence of certain events, are deemed outstanding, but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of any other
person (however, neither the stockholder nor the directors and officers listed below own any stock options or warrants to purchase shares
of our common stock at the present time). The percentages of beneficial ownership are based on 9,098,750 of Class A Common Shares and
2,156,250 Class B Common Shares outstanding as of the Beneficial Ownership Date. 

To
our knowledge, except as set forth in the footnotes to this table and subject to applicable community property laws, each person named
in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares set forth opposite such person s name. 

Name and Address 
 Number
of Common Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Outstanding Common Shares (1) 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers (2): 

Heng Fai Ambrose Chan (3)(4) 
 2,630,000 
 23.37 
 
 Rongguo (Ronald) Wei 
 0 
 0.00 
 
 William Wu 
 0 
 0.00 
 
 Wong Shui Yeung 
 0 
 0.00 
 
 Wong Tat Keung 
 0 
 0.00 
 
 All Directors and Officers (5 individuals) 
 2,630,000 
 23.37 
 
 Alset Acquisition Sponsor, LLC (3)(4) 
 2,630,000 
 23.37 
 
 Other Stockholders: 

Oaktree Capital Group, LLC (5) 
 735,000 
 8.1 
 
 Shaolin Capital Management LLC (6) 
 697,500 
 7.67 
 
 AQR Capital Management LLC (7) 
 612,189 
 6.73 
 
 ATW SPAC Management LLC (8) 
 725,000 
 7.97 
 
 Lighthouse Investment Partners, LLC (9) 
 500,935 
 5.91 
 
 Hudson Bay Capital Management, LP (10) 
 922,596 
 10.14 
 
 Saba Capital Management, LP (11) 
 521,716 
 5.7 
 
 Boothbay Fund Management, LLC (12) 
 725,000 
 7.97 

(1) 
 Based
 upon 9,098,750 of Class A Common Shares and 2,156,250 Class B Common Shares (which are automatically convertible into the Company s
 Class A common shares at the time of the Company s initial business combination) outstanding as of November 30, 2022 

(2) 
 The
 mailing address for each individual and entity set forth above is c/o Alset Capital Acquisition Corp., 4800 Montgomery Lane, Suite
 210, MD 20814. 

(3) 
 Alset
 Acquisition Sponsor, LLC, our sponsor, is the record holder of the securities reported herein. Alset Inc. and Alset International
 Limited are the owners of 55 and 45 respectively of Alset Acquisition Sponsor, LLC. Alset Inc. owns 85.4 of Alset International
 Limited. Heng Fai Ambrose Chan is the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Majority Stockholder of Alset Inc. Mr. Chan may be deemed
 to share beneficial ownership of the securities held of record by our sponsor. Mr. Chan disclaims any such beneficial ownership except
 to the extent of his pecuniary interest. 

(4) 
 Heng
 Fai Ambrose Chan. Alset Inc., and Alset International Limited do not directly own any shares of Alset Capital Acquisition Corp. 

(5) 
 The business address for this stockholder is 333 S. Grand Avenue, 28th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90071. The ownership
information is based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by Oaktree Capital Group, LLC. 

(6) 
 The business address for this stockholder is 230 NW 24th Street, Suite 603, Miami, FL 33127. The ownership information
is based solely on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by Shaolin Capital Management LLC. 

37 

(7) 
 The business address for this stockholder is One Greenwich Plaza, Greenwich, CT 06830. The ownership information
is based solely on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by AQR Capital Management LLC. 

(8) 
 The business address for this stockholder is 17 State Street, Suite 2100, New York, New York 10004. The ownership
information is based solely on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by ATW SPAC Management LLC. 

(9) 
 The business address for this stockholder is 3801 PGA Boulevard, Suite 500, Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410. The ownership
information is based solely on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by Lighthouse Investment Partners, LLC. 

(10) 
 The business address for this stockholder is 28 Havemeyer Place, 2nd Floor, Greenwich, CT 06830. The ownership information
is based solely on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on December 9, 2022 by Hudson Bay Capital Management, LP. 

(11) 
 The business address for this stockholder is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174. The ownership
information is based solely on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on April 12, 2022 by Saba Capital Management, LP. 

(12) 
 The business address for this stockholder is 140 East 45th Street, 14th Floor, New York, NY 10017. The ownership
information is based solely on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 4, 2022 by Boothbay Fund Management, LLC. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Family
Relationships 

Not
applicable. 

Policies
and Procedures for Transactions with Related Persons 

Following
the initial business combination, the Company s Code of Ethics will be amended to require it to avoid, wherever possible, all related
party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except under guidelines approved by the Board (or
the audit committee). Related-party transactions are defined as transactions in which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or may be
expected to exceed 120,000 in any calendar year, (2) the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a participant, and (3) any (a) executive
officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 4 beneficial owner of the Company Common Stock, or (c) immediate
family member of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than
solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10 beneficial owner of another entity). A conflict of interest situation can arise
when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts
of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her
position. As a result of the relationship between HWH and the Company, in the event that the initial business combination with HWH is
consummated, it will not be possible to avoid such related party conflicts. 

The
Company s audit committee, pursuant to its written charter, is responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions
to the extent the Company enters into such transactions. The audit committee will consider all relevant factors when determining whether
to approve a related party transaction, including whether the related party transaction is on terms no less favorable to the Company
than terms generally available from an unaffiliated third-party under the same or similar circumstances and the extent of the related
party s interest in the transaction. No director may participate in the approval of any transaction in which he is a related party,
but that director is required to provide the audit committee with all material information concerning the transaction. The Company also
requires each of its directors and executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information
about related party transactions. 

These
procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a
conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 

As
a result of the relationship between the Company and HWH, the Company obtained a fairness opinion in connection with the board s
approval of the Agreement and plan of Merger with HWH. 

Transactions
with Related Persons, Promoters, and Certain Control Persons 

Founder
Shares 

On
November 8, 2021, the Sponsor received 2,156,250 shares of the Company s Class B common stock (the Founder Shares for 25,000. The Founder Shares include an aggregate of up to 281,250 shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters 
over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part, so that the number of Founder Shares will equal, on an as-converted basis, to approximately
20 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock after the Initial Public Offering (excluding the placement units
and underlying securities). In connection with the exercise of the underwriters overallotment option, these shares are no longer
subject to forfeiture. 

The
holder of the Founder Shares have agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until
the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of a Business Combination and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x)
if the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar
transaction that results in all of the Public Stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities
or other property. 

38 

Promissory
Note Related Party 

On
November 8, 2021, the Sponsor issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company (the Promissory Note ), pursuant to which
the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 300,000. The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the
earlier of (i) May 8, 2022, or (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. As of November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, there
was no amount outstanding under the Promissory Note. 

Advances
from Related Party 

The
Sponsor paid certain offering costs on behalf of the Company and advanced working capital to the Company. These advances are due on demand
and are non-interest bearing. During the year ended November 30, 2022, the Sponsor paid a total of 75,000 of offering and operating
costs on behalf of the Company. During the year ended November 30, 2022, the Company repaid the outstanding balance of 211,153. As of
November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, 0 and 75,000 was due to the related party, respectively. 

General
and Administrative Services 

The
Company agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support
for up to 24 months commencing on the date the Units were first listed on the Nasdaq. Upon completion of the Initial Business Combination
or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. During the year ended November 30, 2022, the Company
recorded a charge of 100,000 to the statement of operations pursuant to the agreement. 

Related
Party Loans 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain
of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working
Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes may be repaid upon completion of
a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of the notes may be converted upon completion
of a Business Combination into units at a price of 10.00 per unit. Such units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. In
the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay
the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. As of November
30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, there were no amounts outstanding under the Working Capital Loans. 

Due
from Sponsor 

Due
from sponsor was 13,000 and 0 at November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, respectively, and represents expenses paid by the Company
on behalf of the Sponsor. 

39 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The
following table indicates the fees paid by us for services performed for the years ended November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021: 

Year
 Ended November
 30, 2022 
 Year
 Ended November
 30, 2021 

Audit Fees 
 47,443 
 61,500 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 0 
 0 
 
 Tax Fees 
 27,400 
 25,000 
 
 All Other Fees 
 0 
 0 
 
 Total 
 74,843 
 86,500 

Audit
Fees . This category includes the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by the independent auditors
during the years ended November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021 for the audit of our financial statements and review of previous years 
Form 10-Qs. 

Tax
Fees . This category includes the aggregate fees billed for tax services rendered in the preparation of our federal and
state income tax returns. 

All
Other Fees . This category includes the aggregate fees billed for all other services, exclusive of the fees disclosed above,
rendered during the years ended November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021. 

40 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)(1)
List of Financial statements included in Part II hereof: 

Balance Sheets as of November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021 

 Statements of Operations for the twelve months ended November 30, 2022 and from inception to November 30, 2021 

 Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the period October 20, 2021 through November 30, 2022 

 Statements of Cash Flows for the twelve months ended November 30, 2022 and from inception to November 30, 2021 

(a)(2)
List of Financial Statement schedules included in Part IV hereof: 

None. 

(a)(3)
Exhibits 

The
following exhibits are filed with this report or incorporated by reference: 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on February 8, 2022 
 
 2.1 
 
 Merger Agreement dated September 9, 2022 by and among Alset Capital Acquisition Corp., HWH Merger Sub, Inc. and HWH International Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 12, 2022. 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated February 2, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on February 8, 2022. 
 
 3.2 
 
 By Laws, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on January 13, 2022. 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on January 13, 2022 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on January 13, 2022 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on January 13, 2022 
 
 4.4 
 
 Specimen Right Certificate, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on January 13, 2022 
 
 4.5 
 
 Warrant Agreement between Vstock Transfer LLC and the Registrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on February 8, 2022 
 
 4.6 
 
 Rights Agreement between Vstock Transfer LLC and the Registrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on February 8, 2022 

4.7 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement among the Registrant and our officers, directors and Alset Management Group, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on February 8, 2022. 
 
 10.2 
 
 Promissory Note, dated November 8, 2021, issued to Alset Acquisition Sponsor LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on January 13, 2022. 
 
 10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement between Wilmington Trust Company and the Registrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on February 8, 2022. 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement between the Registrant and certain security holders, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on February 8, 2022. 
 
 10.5 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated November 8, 2021, between the Registrant and Alset Acquisition Sponsor LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on January 13, 2022. 
 
 10.6 
 
 Placement Unit Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and Alset Acquisition Sponsor, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on February 8, 2022. 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on January 13, 2022. 
 
 10.8 
 
 Administrative Support Agreement by and between the Registrant and Alset Management Group, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on February 8, 2022 
 
 10.9 
 
 Sponsor Support Agreement dated as of September 9, 2022, by and among Alset Capital Acquisition Corp. and each of the Persons set forth on Schedule I attached thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 12, 2022. 
 
 10.10 
 
 Shareholder Support Agreement dated as of September 9, 2022, by and among Alset Capital Acquisition Corp., HWH International Inc. and each of the Persons set forth on Schedule I attached thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 12, 2022. 
 
 14 
 
 Code of Ethics, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on January 13, 2022 
 
 21 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant
 to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 99.1 
 
 Audit Committee Charter, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on January 13, 2022 
 
 99.2 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on January 13, 2022 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL
 Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

41 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Alset
 Capital Acquisition Corp. 

Dated:
 February 24, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Rongguo (Ronald) Wei 

Name: 
 Rongguo
 (Ronald) Wei 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Heng Fai Ambrose Chan 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Director 
 
 February
 24, 2023 
 
 Heng
 Fai Ambrose Chan 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Rongguo (Ronald) Wei 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 February
 24, 2023 
 
 Rongguo
 (Ronald) Wei 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer and 
 Principal
 Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Wong Shui Yeung (Frankie) 
 
 Director 
 
 February
 24, 2023 
 
 Wong
 Shui Yeung (Frankie) 

/s/
 William Wu 
 
 Director 
 
 February
 24, 2023 
 
 William
 Wu 

/s/
 Wong Tat Keung (Aston) 
 
 Director 
 
 February
 24, 2023 
 
 Wong
 Tat Keung (Aston) 

42 

<EX-4.7>
 2
 ex4-7.htm

Exhibit
4.7 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

Pursuant
to our certificate of incorporation, our authorized capital stock consists of 50,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par
value, 5,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value, and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, 0.0001 par
value. The following description summarizes the material terms of our capital stock. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain
all the information that is important to you. In the event that we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to amend and restate
our Certificate of Incorporation to modify the securities that we are authorized to issue. 

Units 

Each
unit consists of one share of Class A common stock, one-half of one redeemable warrant, and one right. Each whole warrant entitles the
holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock. Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share
of Class A common stock upon the consummation of an initial business combination. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation
of the units and only whole warrants will trade. 

Placement
Units 

The
placement units are identical to the units that were sold in our Initial Public Offering except that (a) the warrants included the
placement units and their component securities will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the consummation
of our initial business combination except to permitted transferees and (b) will be entitled to registration rights. 

Page 1 

Common
Stock 

Common
stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of the Class
A common stock and holders of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our
stockholders, except as required by law. Unless specified in our certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable
provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of common stock that are
voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. Our board of directors will be divided into three classes,
each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no
cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for
the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if
declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

Because
our certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 50,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, if we were to enter into
an initial business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such an initial business combination) be required to increase the
number of shares of Class A common stock which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the initial business
combination to the extent we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. 

In
accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year
after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold
an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws, unless such election is made
by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting.
Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they
may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c)
of the DGCL. 

Page 2 

We
will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial
business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of
two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust
account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations
described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately 10.10 per public share. The per-share
amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions
we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which
they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection
with the completion of our initial business combination. Unlike many blank check companies that hold stockholder votes and conduct proxy
solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon
completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange requirements, if
a stockholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will,
pursuant to our certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender
offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our certificate of incorporation will require these
tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the
redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a stockholder approval of the transaction is required
by applicable law or stock exchange requirements, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we
will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and
not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a
majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting
will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority
of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting 

The
participation of our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions,
if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders vote, or indicate
their intention to vote, against such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares
of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. We
intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required,
at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements
of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with
any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as
defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of
15 of the shares of common stock sold in the Initial Public Offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting
our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination.
Our stockholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business
combination, and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market.
Additionally, such stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the initial
business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to
dispose such shares would be required to sell their stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If
we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, pursuant to the letter agreement our sponsor,
officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares they may acquire during or after
the Initial Public Offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business
combination. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or
against the proposed transaction (subject to the limitation described in the preceding paragraph). 

Page 3 

Pursuant to our
certificate of incorporation, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of the
Initial Public Offering (or 15 months if we have filed a proxy statement, registration statement or similar filing for an initial
business combination within 12 months from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering but have not completed the initial
business combination within such 12-month period, or up to 21 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business
combination, at our election by two separate three month extensions, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including the
deposit of up to 862,500 for each three month extension, into the trust account, or as extended by our stockholders in accordance with our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as
promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem
the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to
 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will
completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating
distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject
to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses
(ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other
applicable law. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed
to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail
to complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of the initial public Offering (or 15 months if we
have filed a proxy statement, registration statement or similar filing for an initial business combination within 12 months from the
consummation of the initial public Offering but have not completed the initial business combination within such 12-month period, or
up to 21 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, or as extended by our stockholders in
accordance with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation). However, if our initial stockholders acquire public shares
in or after the initial public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public
shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. 

In the event of our liquidation,
dissolution or winding up after an initial business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining
available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of stock, if any, having preference
over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable
to the common stock, except that we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to
their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, upon the completion of our initial business combination,
subject to the limitations described herein. 

Founder
Shares 

The founder shares are
identical to the shares of Class A common stock included in the units sold in the Initial Public Offering, and holders of founder
shares have the same stockholder rights as public stockholders, except that (i) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer
restrictions, as described in more detail below, (ii) our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with
us, pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares
held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (B) to waive their redemption rights with
respect to their founder shares and any public shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our
certificate of incorporation (x) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our
initial business combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not
complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or 15 months if we have
filed a proxy statement, registration statement or similar filing for an initial business combination within 12 months from the
consummation of the Initial Public Offering but have not completed the initial business combination within such 12-month period, or
up to 21 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, or as extended by our stockholders in
accordance with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation) or (y) with respect to any other provision relating to
stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (C) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination
within 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or 15 months if we have filed a proxy statement, registration statement or
similar filing for an initial business combination within 12 months from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering but have not completed
the initial business combination within such 12-month period, or up to 21 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a
business combination, at our election by two separate three month extensions, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions,
including the deposit of up to 862,500 for each three month extension, into the trust account, or as extended by our stockholders in accordance
with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation), although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the
trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such time
period, (iii) the founder shares are shares of our Class B common stock that will automatically convert into shares of our Class A
common stock at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as
described herein, and (iv) are entitled to registration rights. If we submit our initial business combination to our public
stockholders for a vote, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed pursuant to the letter agreement to vote any founder shares
held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the initial public Offering (including in open market and privately negotiated
transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. The placement warrants will not be transferable, assignable or saleable
until 30 days after the consummation of our initial business combination except to permitted transferees. 

Page 4 

The
shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the consummation of our
initial business combination on a one-for-one basis (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like), and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A
common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in our prospectus and
related to the closing of the initial business combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into
shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock
agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common
stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of
the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon completion of this Initial Public Offering (excluding the placement
units and underlying securities) plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in
connection with the initial business combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any
seller in the initial business combination, placement-equivalent warrants and their underlying securities issued to our sponsor or
its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to us). We cannot determine at this time whether a majority of the holders of our Class
B common stock at the time of any future issuance would agree to waive such adjustment to the conversion ratio. They may waive such
adjustment due to (but not limited to) the following: (i) closing conditions which are part of the agreement for our initial
business combination; (ii) negotiation with Class A stockholders on structuring an initial business combination; or (iii)
negotiation with parties providing financing which would trigger the anti-dilution provisions of the Class B common stock. If such
adjustment is not waived, the issuance would not reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class B common stock, but would
reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class A common stock. If such adjustment is waived, the issuance would reduce the
percentage ownership of holders of both classes of our common stock. The term equity-linked securities refers to any
debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Class A common stock issues in a financing
transaction in connection with our initial business combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt.
Securities could be deemed issued for purposes of the conversion rate adjustment if such shares are issuable upon the
conversion or exercise of convertible securities, warrants or similar securities. 

With
certain limited exceptions, the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or saleable (except to our officers and directors and
other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier
to occur of: (A) 1 year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) the date on which we complete a liquidation,
merger, stock exchange or other similar transfer after our initial business combination that results in all of our public stockholders
having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
founder shares (or shares of common stock issuable upon conversion thereof) will be released from the lock-up if, subsequent to our initial
business combination, (x) the reported last sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for
stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period
commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a transaction after our initial
business combination which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities
or other property. 

Preferred
Stock 

Our
certificate of incorporation provides that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board
of directors will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional
or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board
of directors will be able to, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect
the voting power and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of
directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of
control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preferred stock outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently
intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No shares of preferred stock
were issued or registered in the Initial Public Offering. 

Page 5 

Rights 

Each
right entitles the registered holder to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share of Class A common stock upon consummation of our initial
business combination. If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period and we redeem the
public shares for the funds held in the trust account, holders of rights will not receive any such funds in exchange for their rights
and the rights will expire worthless. We will not issue fractional shares upon exchange of the rights. If, upon exchange of the rights,
a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exchange, either round up to the nearest whole
number the number of shares to be issued to the right holder or otherwise comply with Section 155 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law, as further described herein. We will make the determination of how we are treating fractional shares at the time of our initial
business combination and will include such determination in the proxy materials we will send to stockholders for their consideration
of such initial business combination. 

Redeemable
Public Warrants 

Public
Stockholders Warrants 

Each
warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to
adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering and
the completion of our initial business combination. 

The
warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation. 

We
will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common
stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations
described below with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A
common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified
or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that
the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will
not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to
net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of
a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of Class A common stock underlying
such unit. 

It
is our current intention to have an effective and current registration statement covering the Class A common stock issuable upon
exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such Class A common stock in
effect promptly following consummation of an initial business combination. . If a registration statement covering the shares of
Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60 th business day after the closing of
our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any
period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in
accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement
covering the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation
of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any
period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the
exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is
available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless
basis. 

Once
the warrants become exercisable, we may call the warrants for redemption: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon
 not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption given after the warrants become exercisable (the 30-day redemption
 period to each warrant holder; and 

if,
 and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
 stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing
 once the warrants become exercisable and ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

Page 6 

If
and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon
exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect
such registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of common stock under the blue sky
laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in the Initial Public Offering. 

We
have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the
call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption
of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price
of the Class A common stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

If
we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise
its warrant to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a
 cashless basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding
and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise
of our warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering
their warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number
of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and
the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose
shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to
the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the
notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of Class A common stock to be received
upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner
will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature
is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after our initial business combination. If
we call our warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage of this option, our sponsor and its permitted transferees
would still be entitled to exercise their placement warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that
other warrant holders would have been required to use had all warrant holders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless
basis, as described in more detail below. 

A
holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the
right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s
affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (or such other amount as
a holder may specify) of the shares of Class A common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

If
the number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Class A common stock,
or by a split-up of shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up
or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to
such increase in the outstanding shares of Class A common stock. 

Page 7 

In addition, if we, at
any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets
to the holders of Class A common stock on account of such shares of Class A common stock (or other shares of our capital stock into
which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy the
redemption rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy
the redemption rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our certificate of
incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business
combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our Class A common stock if we do not complete
our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or 15 months if we have filed a
proxy statement, registration statement or similar filing for an initial business combination within 12 months from the consummation
of the Initial Public Offering but have not completed the initial business combination within such 12-month period, or up to 21 months if we
extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, or as extended by
our stockholders in accordance with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation) or (ii) with respect to any other
provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, or (e) in connection with the
redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will
be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of
any securities or other assets paid on each share of Class A common stock in respect of such event. 

If
the number of outstanding shares of our Class A common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification
of shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock
split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased
in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Class A common stock. 

Whenever
the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant
exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the
numerator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior
to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock so purchasable immediately
thereafter. 

Page 8 

The
warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Vstock Transfer LLC, as warrant agent, and us. You
should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which has been filed as an exhibit to the registration statement, for a complete
description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants
may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions
of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in our prospectus, or
defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants to make
any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. 

In
addition, if (x) we issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection
with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share of Class A common stock (with
such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance
to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable,
prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and
interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business
combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be
adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per
share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the greater of the Market
Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

The
warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant
agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full
payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number
of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A common stock and any voting
rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of Class A common stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A common
stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one (1) vote for each share held of record on all matters to be
voted on by stockholders. 

Exclusive
Forum 

Our
warrant agreement will provide that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating
in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New
York located in New York County, New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we
irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We
will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. There is uncertainty as
to whether a court would enforce such exclusive forum provision. Investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and
the rules and regulations thereunder 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by
the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive
forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and
to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the
forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall
be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection
with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service
of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign
action as agent for such warrant holder. 

This
choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for
disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement
inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs
associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

Placement
warrants 

Except
as described below, the placement warrants included in the placement units have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the
warrants sold as part of the units in the initial public Offering, including as to exercise price, exercisability, redeemability and exercise
period. 

Holders
of our placement warrants are entitled to certain registration rights. 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor
or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 750,000 of such working
capital loans may be convertible into placement-equivalent units at a price of 1.00 per warrant (which, for example, would result in
the holders being issued 750,000 units if 750,000 of notes were so converted), at the option of the lender. Such units would be identical
to the placement units, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period of the underlying warrants. The terms of such
working capital loans by our sponsor or its affiliates, or our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written
agreements exist with respect to such loans. 

Our
sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the placement warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise
of any of these warrants) until the date that is 30 days after the date we complete our initial business combination, except that, among
other limited exceptions. 

Page 9 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-21>
 3
 ex21.htm

Exhibit
21 

Subsidiaries
of Alset Capital Acquisition Corp. 

None. 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I,
Heng Fai Ambrose Chan, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K of Alset Capital Acquisition Corp. (the Registrant); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The Registrant s
 other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to me by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
 in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The Registrant s
 other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent function): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

/s/
 Heng Fai Ambrose Chan 

Heng Fai Ambrose Chan 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date:
February 24, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I,
Rongguo Wei, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K of Alset Capital Acquisition Corp. (the Registrant); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The Registrant s
 other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and we have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
 in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The Registrant s
 other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent function): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

/s/
 Rongguo Wei 

Rongguo Wei 

Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

Date:
February 24, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In
connection with the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of Alset Capital Acquisition Corp. for the period ended November 30, 2022,
I, Heng Fai Ambrose Chan, Chief Executive Officer of Alset Capital Acquisition Corp., hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that: 

(1) 
 Such
 Annual Report on Form 10-K of Alset Capital Acquisition Corp. for the period ended November 30, 2022, fully complies with the requirements
 of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K of Alset Capital Acquisition Corp. for the period ended November 30, 2022,
 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Alset Capital Acquisition Corp. 

/s/
 Heng Fai Ambrose Chan 

Heng
 Fai Ambrose Chan 

Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date:
February 24, 2023 

A
signed original of the certification required by Section 906 has been provided to Alset Capital Acquisition Corp. and will be retained
by Alset Capital Acquisition Corp. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In
connection with the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of Alset Capital Acquisition Corp. for the period ended November 30, 2022,
I, Rongguo Wei, Chief Financial Officer of Alset Capital Acquisition Corp., hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that: 

(1) 
 Such
 Annual Report on Form 10-K of Alset Capital Acquisition Corp. for the period ended November 30, 2022, fully complies with the requirements
 of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K of Alset Capital Acquisition Corp. for the period ended November 30, 2022,
 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Alset Capital Acquisition Corp. 

/s/
 Rongguo Wei 

Rongguo
 Wei 

Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

Date:
February 24, 2023 

A
signed original of the certification required by Section 906 has been provided to Alset Capital Acquisition Corp. and will be retained
by Alset Capital Acquisition Corp. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 acaxu-20221130.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 acaxu-20221130_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 acaxu-20221130_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 acaxu-20221130_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

