<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230216_10-K_edgar_data_66570_0000066570-23-000008.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>27610829</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>273362</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>12248136</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6539486</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4275700</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3947671</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000066570-23-000008.hdr.sgml : 20230216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230216165100
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000066570-23-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		171
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MSA Safety Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000066570
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ORTHOPEDIC, PROSTHETIC & SURGICAL APPLIANCES & SUPPLIES [3842]
		IRS NUMBER:				464914539
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15579
		FILM NUMBER:		23639140

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 CRANBERRY WOODS DRIVE
		CITY:			CRANBERRY TOWNSHIP
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			16066
		BUSINESS PHONE:		724-776-8600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 CRANBERRY WOODS DRIVE
		CITY:			CRANBERRY TOWNSHIP
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			16066

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MINE SAFETY APPLIANCES CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000066570-23-000008.txt : 20230216

10-K
 1
 msa-20221231.htm
 10-K

msa-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 (Title of each class) (Trading symbol(s)) (Name of each exchange on which registered) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 x Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No x 
 The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022 was approximately billion. As of February 10, 2023, there were outstanding shares of common stock, no par value. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 Table of Contents 
 Item No. Page Part I 1. Business 
 4 
 1A. Risk Factors 
 10 
 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 20 
 2. Properties 
 20 
 3. Legal Proceedings 
 20 
 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 20 
 Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 21 
 Part II 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 22 
 6. [Reserved] 23 
 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 35 
 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 36 
 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 81 
 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 81 
 9B. Other Information 
 81 
 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 81 
 Part III 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 82 
 11. Executive Compensation 
 82 
 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 82 
 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 82 
 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 82 
 Part IV 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 83 
 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 85 
 Signatures 
 86 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This report may contain (and verbal statements made by MSA Safety Incorporated (MSA) may contain) "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to future events or future financial performance and involve various assumptions, known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and other factors include, but are not limited to, those listed in this report under Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and elsewhere in this report. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as may, will, should, expects, intends, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential or other comparable words. Actual results, performance or outcomes may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements and may not align with historical performance and events due to a number of factors, including those discussed in the sections of this report described above. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements, and caution should be exercised against placing undue reliance upon such statements. We are under no duty to update publicly any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this report, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Overview Established in 1914, MSA Safety Incorporated is the global leader in the development, manufacture and supply of safety products and software that protect people and facility infrastructures. Recognized for their market leading innovation, many MSA products integrate a combination of electronics, software, mechanical systems and advanced materials to protect users against hazardous or life-threatening situations. The Company's comprehensive product line, which are governed by rigorous safety standards across highly regulated industries, is used by workers around the world in a broad range of markets, including fire service, the oil, gas and petrochemical industry, construction, industrial manufacturing applications, heating, ventilation, air conditioning and refrigeration ("HVAC-R"), utilities, mining and the military. The Company's core products include breathing apparatus where self-contained breathing apparatus ("SCBA") is the principal product, fixed gas and flame detection systems, portable gas detection instruments, industrial head protection products, firefighter helmets and protective apparel and fall protection devices. 
 The Company s leading market positions across nearly all of its core products are supported and enabled by a strong commitment to investing in new product development that continually raises the bar for safety equipment performance, all while upholding an unwavering commitment to integrity. We dedicate significant resources to research and development, which allows us to produce innovative safety products that are often first to market. Our global product development teams include cross-functional associates throughout the Company, including research and development, marketing, sales, operations and quality management. Our engineers and technical associates work closely with the safety industry s leading standards-setting groups and trade associations to develop industry specific product standards and to anticipate their impact on our product line. 
 Segments We tailor our product offerings and distribution strategy to satisfy distinct customer preferences that vary across geographic regions. To best serve these customer preferences, we have organized our business into four geographic operating segments that are aggregated into three reportable geographic segments: Americas, International and Corporate. Segment information is presented in Note 8 Segment Information of the consolidated financial statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 Because our consolidated financial statements are stated in U.S. dollars and much of our business is conducted outside the U.S., currency fluctuations may affect our results of operations and financial position and may affect the comparability of our results between financial periods. 
 Products We design, manufacture, and sell a comprehensive line of safety products and solutions to protect the health and safety of workers and facility infrastructures around the world in the fire service, the oil, gas and petrochemical industry, construction, industrial manufacturing applications, HVAC-R, utilities, mining and the military. Our products protect people against a wide variety of hazardous or life-threatening situations. 
 The following is a brief description of each of our product categories: 
 Core products. MSA's corporate strategy includes a focus on driving sales of core products, where we have leading market positions and a distinct competitive advantage. Core products, as mentioned above, include breathing apparatus where SCBA is the principal product, fixed gas and flame detection systems, portable gas detection instruments, industrial head protection products, firefighter helmets and protective apparel and fall protection devices. Core products comprised approximately 90 and 89 of sales in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The following is a brief description of our core product offerings: 
 Breathing apparatus products. The primary breathing apparatus product is the SCBA. SCBA are used by first responders, petrochemical plant workers and anyone entering an environment deemed immediately dangerous to life and health. The SCBA functions together with various MSA cloud-based software modules and proprietary accessories to create a complete and customizable solution for our customers. Our primary breathing apparatus product in the Americas segment, the MSA G1 SCBA, is a revolutionary platform that offers many differentiated features. With new hardware and software upgrades always under development, this platform continues to evolve to meet our customers needs. Our newest breathing apparatus product, the MSA M1 SCBA, represents the most advanced and ergonomic SCBA we have ever launched for our International markets. The M stands for modular, which is a critical design element that allows this platform to meet the many varied needs of customers around the world. We sell breathing apparatus across both the Americas and International segments. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Fixed gas and flame detection instruments ("FGFD"). Our permanently installed fixed gas and flame detection instruments are used in oil, gas and petrochemical applications, wastewater, heating, ventilation and air conditioning ("HVAC") and general industrial production facilities to detect the presence or absence of various gases in the air. Typical applications of these instruments include the detection of an oxygen deficiency in confined spaces or the presence of combustible or toxic gases. The FGFD product line generates a meaningful portion of overall revenue from recurring business including replacement components and related service. We sell these instruments in both our Americas and International segments. Key products include: 
 Permanently installed gas detection monitoring systems. This product line is used to monitor for combustible and toxic gases and oxygen deficiency in virtually any application where continuous monitoring is required. Our systems are used for gas detection in the oil and gas industry, petrochemical, pulp and paper, wastewater, refrigerant monitoring, pharmaceutical production and general industrial applications. Our Ultima X5000 and S5000 gas monitors enhance facility and worker safety while lowering overall cost of ownership for our customers through differentiated sensor technology. These systems utilize a wide array of sensor technologies including electrochemical, catalytic, infrared and ultrasonic. 
 Flame detectors and open-path infrared gas detectors. These instruments are used for plant-wide monitoring of toxic gases and for detecting the presence of flames. These systems use infrared optics to detect potentially hazardous conditions across long distances, making them suitable for use in such applications as offshore oil rigs, storage vessels, refineries, pipelines and ventilation ducts. 
 In 2021 MSA acquired Bacharach, Inc. and its affiliated companies (Bacharach), a leader in gas detection technologies used in the HVAC-R markets. Bacharach s advanced instrumentation technologies help protect lives and the environment, while also increasing operational efficiency for its diversified customer base. Bacharach's portfolio of gas detection and analysis products are used to detect, measure and analyze leaks of various gases that are commonly found in both commercial and industrial settings. Bacharach has strong expertise in the refrigerant leak detection market with customers in the HVAC-R, food retail, automotive, commercial and industrial refrigeration, and military markets. 
 Portable gas detection instruments. Our hand-held portable gas detection instruments are used to detect the presence or absence of various gases in the air. The product line is used by oil, gas and petrochemical workers, general industrial workers, miners, utility workers, first responders or anyone working in a confined space environment. Typical applications of these instruments include the detection of an oxygen deficiency in confined spaces or the presence of combustible or toxic gases. Our single- and multi-gas detectors provide portable solutions for detecting the presence of oxygen, combustible gases and various toxic gases, including hydrogen sulfide, carbon monoxide, ammonia and chlorine, either singularly or up to six gases at once. Our ALTAIR 2X, ALTAIR 4XR and ALTAIR 5X Multigas Detectors, with our internally developed XCell sensor technology, provide faster response times and unsurpassed durability. During 2022, we launched the ALTAIR io 4 gas detection wearable, designed with fully integrated connectivity for real-time visibility across worksites. We sell portable gas detection instruments in both our Americas and International segments. 
 MSA also leverages proprietary Internet of Things solutions and wireless solutions to connect our hardware products directly to our cloud offering ("MSA Grid"). MSA Grid offers solutions for both fleet management and live monitoring while interfacing directly with the breadth of MSA hardware products. Through this cloud technology, MSA provides services that enhance worker safety and accountability by adding this layer of transparency that does not normally exist in industrial settings. 
 Industrial head protection. We offer a complete line of industrial head protection and accessories that includes the iconic V-Gard helmet brand, a bellwether product in MSA's portfolio for over 50 years. We offer customers a wide range of color choices and we are a world leader in the application of customized logos. Our industrial head protection products have a wide user base, including oil, gas and petrochemical workers, steel and construction workers, miners and industrial workers. Our Fas-Trac III Suspension system was designed to provide enhanced comfort without sacrificing safety. Our strongest sales of head protection products have historically been in the Americas segment. 
 Firefighter helmets and protective apparel. We offer a complete line of fire helmets that includes our Cairns and Gallet helmet brands. Our Cairns helmets are primarily used by firefighters in North America while the Gallet helmets are primarily used by firefighters across our International segment. Globe Holding Company, LLC ("Globe") and B T Q Limited ("Bristol Uniforms"), are both leading innovators and providers of firefighter personal protective equipment ("PPE") and boots. MSA's firefighter safety PPE offering in the Americas segment protects firefighters from head to toe, with Cairns Helmets, our industry leading G1 SCBA, and Globe turnout gear and boots. MSA's firefighter safety PPE offering in the International segment includes the XF1 Gallet Helmet and Bristol Uniforms turnout gear, in addition to the M1 SCBA described above. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Fall protection. Our broad line of fall protection equipment includes harnesses, lanyards, self-retracting lifelines, engineered systems and confined space equipment. Fall protection equipment is used by workers in the construction industry, oil, gas and petrochemical market, utilities industry, aerospace industry, general industrial applications and anyone working at height. MSA s new V-Series fall protection equipment has transformed the Company s harness and self-retracting lanyard portfolio, with approximately 50 new fall protection products launched over the past several years. The V-Series brand of fall protection equipment is inspired by MSA's iconic V-Gard hard hat, which is used by millions of workers around the world. Additionally, we recently launched a patent-pending Personal Fall Limiter with a smart hook connector that uses radio -frequency identification ("RFID") technology to alert wearers when they are not secured to an anchorage point. 
 MSA + . Our new safety solutions platform that integrates safety hardware technology, cloud software solutions and safety services was launched in 2022. By integrating our offerings and coupling them with subscription pricing, MSA improved access to our solutions and facilitates the digital transformation of safety programs while further accelerating our recurring revenue business. 
 Non-core products. MSA maintains a portfolio of non-core products. Non-core products reinforce and extend the core offerings, drawing upon our customer relationships, distribution channels, geographical presence and technical experience. These products are complementary to the core offerings and sometimes reflect more episodic or contract-driven growth patterns. Key non-core products include air-purifying respirators ("APR"), eye and face protection, ballistic helmets and gas masks. Ballistic helmet and gas mask sales are the primary sales to our military customers and were approximately 55 million globally in 2022 compared to 43 million in 2021. 
 We have patents and pending patents across substantially all of our products. 
 Customers Our customers generally fall into two categories: distributors and end-users. In our Americas segment, the majority of our sales are made through distribution. In our International segment, sales are made through both indirect and direct sales channels. For the year ended December 31, 2022, no individual customer represented more than 10 of our sales. 
 Sales and Distribution Our sales and distribution team consists of marketing, field sales and customer service organizations. In most geographic areas, our field sales organizations work jointly with select distributors to call on end-users and educate them about hazards, exposure limits, safety requirements and product applications, as well as the specific performance attributes of our products. We believe that understanding end-user requirements is critical to increasing MSA's market share. 
 The in-depth customer training and education provided by our sales associates to our customers is critical to ensuring proper use of many of our products, such as SCBA and gas detection instruments. As a result of our sales associates working closely with end-users, they gain valuable insight into customer preferences and needs. To better serve our customers and to ensure that our sales associates are among the most knowledgeable and professional in the industry, we place significant emphasis on training our sales associates in product application, industry standards and regulations. 
 We believe our sales and distribution strategy allows us to deliver a customer value proposition that differentiates our products and services from those of our competitors, resulting in increased customer loyalty and demand. 
 In areas where we use indirect selling, we promote, distribute and service our products to general industry through authorized national, regional and local distributors. We distribute fire service products primarily through specially trained local and regional distributors who provide advanced training and service capabilities to volunteer and paid municipal fire departments. Because of our broad and diverse product line and our desire to reach as many markets and market segments as possible, we have over 2,200 authorized distributor locations worldwide. 
 MSA maintains a diversified portfolio of safety products that protect workers and facility infrastructure across a broad array of end markets. While the Company sells its products through distribution, which can limit end-user visibility, the Company provides estimated ranges of end market exposure to facilitate understanding of its growth drivers. The Company estimates that approximately 35 -40 of its overall revenue is derived from the fire service market and approximately 25 -30 of its revenue is derived from the energy market. The remaining revenue is split among construction, utilities, general industrial applications, military and mining. 
 Competition The global safety products market is broad and highly fragmented with few participants offering a comprehensive line of safety products. The sophisticated safety products market in which we compete is comprised of both core and non-core offerings and is a subset of the larger safety market. We maintain leading positions in nearly all of our core products. Over the long-term, we believe global demand for safety products will continue to grow. Purchases of these products are non-discretionary, protecting workers' health in hazardous and life-threatening work environments. Their use is often mandated by government and industry regulations, which are increasingly enforced on a global basis. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 The safety products market is highly competitive, with participants ranging in size from small companies focusing on a single type of PPE to several large multinational corporations that manufacture and supply many types of sophisticated safety products. Our main competitors vary by region and product. We believe that participants in this industry compete primarily on the basis of product characteristics (such as functional performance, technology, cost of ownership, comfort, design and style), brand name recognition and after-market service support. 
 We believe we compete favorably within each of our operating segments as a result of our high quality, innovative offerings and strong brand trust and recognition. 
 Research and Development To achieve and maintain our market leading positions, we operate several sophisticated research and development facilities. We believe our dedication and commitment to innovation and research and development allows us to produce state-of-the-art safety products that are often first to market and exceed industry standards. Our primary engineering groups are located in the United States, Germany and China. Our global product development teams include cross-geographic and cross-functional members from various areas throughout the Company, including research and development, marketing, sales, operations and quality management. These teams are responsible for setting product line strategies based on their understanding of customers' needs and available technology, as well as the opportunities and challenges they foresee in each product area. We believe our team-based, cross-geographical and cross-functional approach to new product development is a source of competitive advantage. Our approach to the new product development process allows us to tailor our product offerings and product line strategies to satisfy distinct customer preferences and industry regulations that vary across our operating segments. 
 We believe another important aspect of our approach to new product development is that our engineers and technical associates work closely with the safety industry s leading standards-setting groups and trade associations. These organizations include the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health ("NIOSH"), the National Fire Protection Association ("NFPA"), American National Standards Institute ("ANSI"), International Safety Equipment Association ("ISEA") and their overseas counterparts. Key members of our management team understand the impact that these standard-setting organizations have on our new product development pipeline. As such, management devotes significant time and attention to anticipating a new standard's impact on our sales and operating results. Because of our understanding of customer needs, membership on global standards-setting bodies, investment in research and development and our unique new product development process, we believe we are well positioned to anticipate and adapt to changing product standards. While the length of the approval process can be unpredictable, we believe that we are well positioned to gain the approvals and certifications necessary to meet new government and multinational product regulations. 
 Patents and Intellectual Property We own significant intellectual property, including a number of domestic and foreign patents, patent applications and trademarks related to our products, processes and business. Although our intellectual property plays an important role in maintaining our competitive position in a number of markets that we serve, no single patent, or patent application, trademark or license is, in our opinion, of such value to us that our business would be materially affected by the expiration or termination thereof, other than the MSA trademark. Our patents expire at various times in the future not exceeding 20 years. Our general policy is to apply for patents on an ongoing basis in the United States and other countries, as appropriate, to perfect our patent development. In addition to our patents, we have also developed or acquired a substantial body of manufacturing know-how that we believe provides a significant competitive advantage over our competitors. 
 Raw Materials and Suppliers Many of the components of our products are formulated, machined, tooled or molded in-house and by select tier one supplier partners, which comprise approximately two-thirds of our cost of sales. For example, we rely on integrated manufacturing capabilities for breathing apparatus, gas masks, ballistic helmets, hard hats and circuit boards. The primary materials that we source from third parties include electronic components, high density polyethylene, chemical filter media, rubber and plastic components, eye and face protective lenses, air cylinders, certain metals and ballistic resistant, flame resistant and non-ballistic fabrics. We purchase these materials both domestically and internationally, and we believe our supply sources are both well established and reliable. In spite of some market-softening, especially in the consumer space, the demand for industrial-based electronic components continues to outpace supply. For these industrial-based electronic components, lead times remain extended and the overall market constrained, which is not unique to MSA. We continue to navigate these supply chain issues. We have close supplier relationship programs with our key raw material distributors and strategic supplier partners. Although we generally do not have long-term supply contracts with all suppliers, thus far we have not experienced any significant problems in obtaining adequate raw materials by prioritizing formal supply agreements with our select strategic supplier partners. 
 Please refer to MSA's Form SD filed on May 25, 2022 for further information on our conflict minerals analysis. Form SD may be obtained free of charge at www.sec.gov. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Human Capital As of December 31, 2022, the Company employed approximately 5,000 people worldwide, of which approximately 2,200 were employed in the United States and 2,800 were employed outside of the United States. Approximately 20 of our global workforce is covered by collective bargaining agreements or works councils. Overall, we consider our employee relations to be good. Our culture is important to our success. To that end, we maintain seven core values that define our culture. They are Integrity, Customer Focus, Diversity and Inclusion, Innovation and Change, Engagement, Teamwork and Speed and Agility. Our core values are encircled by A Culture of Safety. 
 Workplace Health Safety As a company whose mission is dedicated to worker safety, MSA places great emphasis on the health and safety of our own associates. The Company maintains a global Environmental, Health and Safety Management System, deploys a variety of programs to reduce and eliminate injuries and promote safety and regularly measures the progress of those programs. These programs promote personal responsibility for workplace safety and encourage associates to set a meaningful example as safety ambassadors. 
 Employee Health and Well-Being To support mental health and emotional well-being, all associates and their dependents worldwide have access to an Employee Assistance Program, at no cost to them. This includes access to visits with mental health care providers through the program. 
 Diversity and Inclusion Diversity and Inclusion is a Core Value at MSA, and the Company seeks a wide variety of people, thoughts, perspectives, and ideas. 
 MSA strives to provide a diverse and inclusive work environment, paired with a culture of excellence in which associates feel comfortable openly sharing thoughts and ideas. Creating an inclusive environment helps to recruit and retain talent, promoting engagement, fostering innovation, and achieving MSA s business objectives. 
 The Company maintains several Employee Resource Business Groups designed to foster a culture that is both engaged and inclusive. These groups are voluntary, associate-driven communities that capitalize on the wide variety of people and perspectives at MSA, driving our core value of Diversity and Inclusion. The Company also maintains an Executive Diversity Council and several regional councils focused on increasing organizational awareness, accountability and impact of Diversity and Inclusion initiatives. 
 MSA also partners with a number of non-profit and community-based organizations to help to build a pipeline of future talent with differing backgrounds, thoughts, experiences, and perspectives. 
 Approximately 52 of our U.S. workforce self-identifies as diverse. This includes women who comprise approximately 41 of our U.S. workforce. Among associates within executive pay grades, 41 self-identify as diverse. We determine race and gender diversity based on our employees self-identification or other information compiled to meet the requirements of the U.S. government, compiled as of December 31, 2022. We count a diverse woman as one individual. 
 Leadership and Development MSA provides programs to enable continuous learning, growth and development opportunities. 
 First, our "MOVE" (Meaningful, Ongoing, Vital Exchanges) Performance Management philosophy is a core element of associate engagement. Exchanges between associates and supervisors provide a flexible, ongoing feedback loop to drive and enhance the engagement of associates, while facilitating the achievement of our strategic goals. 
 Second, the MSA Leader model sets the expectations of MSA people leaders. Grounded in core principles that define MSA s high performance culture of excellence, the MSA Leader model guides the development of current and aspiring leaders. It outlines the traits, knowledge, competencies, and experiences that MSA requires for successful leadership while encouraging leaders to remain true to their personal styles. The model is the foundation of leadership development at MSA. By combining leadership development, culture, and business acumen, leaders are better prepared to drive a high-performance culture while maintaining an engaged workforce with opportunities for development and growth. 
 Beyond these core programs, MSA designs and delivers a variety of associate leadership and development programs to further enhance the associate experience and opportunities for growth. Associates are empowered to own their career development through business-aligned resources, tools and programs. 
 Compensation and Rewards MSA s Global Compensation Philosophy strives to provide total compensation for all associates at the market median, utilizing base salary, cash incentives and, in some cases, equity grants to achieve this goal. We further strive to provide above-market compensation opportunities for associates who exceed goals and expectations. This approach to Total Rewards is designed to help MSA attract, retain and motivate high-performing individuals who foster an innovative culture and drive business results. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Environmental Matters Our facilities and operations are subject to laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and human health and safety. In the opinion of management, compliance with current environmental protection laws will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. See Item 1A Risk Factors, for further information regarding our environmental risks which could impact the Company. 
 Seasonality Our operating results are not significantly affected by seasonal factors. Sales are generally higher during the second and fourth quarters. During periods of economic expansion or contraction and following significant catastrophes, our sales by quarter have varied from this seasonal pattern. Government-related sales tend to increase in the fourth quarter. Americas segment sales tend to be strong during the oil and gas market turnaround seasons late in the first quarter, early in the second quarter and then again at the end of the third quarter and beginning of the fourth quarter. International segment sales are typically weaker for the Europe region in the summer holiday months of July and August and seasonality can be affected by the timing of delivery of larger orders. Invoicing and the delivery of larger orders can affect sales patterns variably across all reportable segments. 
 Available Information Our Internet address is www.MSAsafety.com. We make the following filings available free of charge on the Investor Relations page on our website as soon as they have been electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"): our annual reports on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as well as our proxy statement. Information contained on our website is not part of this annual report on Form 10-K or our other filings with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers like us who file electronically with the SEC. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 RISKS RELATED TO LEGAL AND REGULATORY CHALLENGES 
 Claims of injuries or potential safety issues or quality concerns could be made against our various subsidiaries. 
 Our products and solutions are often used in high-risk and unpredictable environments and our mission, reputation and business success rely on our ability to design and provide safe, high quality and reliable products that earn and maintain customer trust. In the event the parties using our products are injured, or if any of our products are alleged to have contributed, we could be subject to claims or suffer reputational harm. In addition, we may be required to or may voluntarily recall or redesign certain products or components due to concern about product safety, quality, ease of use or customer confidence. Any significant claims, recalls or field actions that result in significant expense or negative publicity against us could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition and liquidity, including any successful claim brought against us in excess or outside of available insurance coverage. 
 Our subsidiaries, may experience losses from product liability claims, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition and liquidity. 
 
 Our subsidiaries face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability or other legal claims or penalties related to the design, manufacture, marketing, or sale of any of our current or former products and solutions. Our subsidiaries are named periodically in single incident lawsuits, or, at times, in cumulative trauma product liability lawsuits which may be numerous, and the number of claims newly asserted in any given period is difficult to predict and may aggregate or escalate suddenly. Any type of product injury claim may result in losses in excess of available insurance coverage and have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition and liquidity. 
 
 On January 5, 2023, the Company divested MSA LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary that holds legacy product liability claims relating to coal dust, asbestos, silica, and other exposures, to a joint venture between R Q Insurance Holdings Ltd. and Obra Capital, Inc. (the "Purchaser") The transaction is subject to risks related to counterparty commercial risk as well as agreement enforcement and interpretation. Third parties also could seek to assert claims against us for which MSA LLC is the legally responsible party, and we may be required to incur fees and expenses to enforce that wrongly asserted claims are properly redirected to MSA LLC. The divested subsidiary MSA LLC and the Purchaser have indemnified us with respect to MSA LLC s cumulative trauma product liability losses and other defined exposures. The ability of MSA LLC and the Purchaser to honor their indemnity obligations is subject to commercial risk and, in addition, in the event of a dispute, the transaction, negotiated indemnities, and the extent of other legally-available protections may be subject to future judicial interpretation. MSA and its remaining subsidiaries continue to be responsible for claims relating to any current or former products and solutions that were not transferred as part of the divestiture. 
 Our ability to market and sell our products is subject to existing government laws, regulations and standards. Changes in such laws, regulations and standards or our failure to comply with them could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Most of our products are required to meet performance and test standards designed to protect the safety of people and infrastructures around the world. Our inability to comply with these standards could result in declines in revenue, profitability and cash flow. Changes in laws and regulations could reduce the demand for our products or require us to re-engineer our products, thereby creating opportunities for our competitors. Regulatory approvals for our products may be delayed or denied for a variety of reasons that are outside of our control. Additionally, market anticipation of significant new standards can cause customers to accelerate or delay buying decisions. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations across our global organization and any violation of these laws and regulations could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We are subject to numerous, and sometimes conflicting, laws and regulations on matters as diverse as anti-corruption, import/export controls, product content requirements, trade restrictions, tariffs, taxation, sanctions, internal and disclosure control obligations, securities regulation, anti-competition, data privacy, Brexit changes and labor relations, among others. This includes laws and regulations in emerging markets where legal systems may be less developed or familiar to us. Compliance with diverse legal requirements is costly, time consuming and requires significant resources. Violations of one or more of these laws or regulations in the conduct of our business could result in significant fines, criminal sanctions against us or our officers, prohibitions on doing business and damage to our reputation. These actions could result in liability for significant monetary damages, fines and/or criminal prosecution, unfavorable publicity and other reputational damage and have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are subject to various environmental laws and any violation of these laws could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Included in the extensive laws, regulations and ordinances to which we are subject, are those relating to the protection of the environment. Examples include those governing discharges to water, discharges to air (including greenhouse gas emissions), handling and disposal practices for solid and hazardous wastes and the maintenance of a safe workplace. These laws impose penalties for noncompliance and liability for response costs and certain damages resulting from past and current spills, disposals, other releases of hazardous materials and other noncompliance with such laws. These environmental laws may continue to change in the future due to a variety of factors, such as government focus on climate change. We could incur substantial costs as a result of noncompliance with or liability for cleanup pursuant to these environmental laws. Such laws continue to change, and we may be subject to more stringent environmental laws in the future. If more stringent environmental laws are enacted, these future laws could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are subject to risks related to our environmental, social and governance activities and disclosures. 
 Environmental social and governance, often referred to as ESG, reporting and disclosure requirements continue to evolve, with increasing investor expectations and additional regulatory requirements anticipated. Failure to accurately and timely meet these expectations and requirements may result in reputational damage, regulatory penalties and litigation among other consequences. 
 We are subject to various U.S and foreign tax laws and any changes in these laws related to the taxation of businesses and resolutions of tax disputes could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 The U.S. Congress, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (or, OECD) and other government agencies in jurisdictions in which we and our affiliates invest or do business have maintained a focus on issues related to the taxation of multinational companies. The OECD has changed numerous long-standing tax principles through its base erosion and profit shifting project which could adversely impact our effective tax rate. 
 We are subject to regular review and audit by both foreign and domestic tax authorities. While we believe our tax positions will be sustained, the final outcome of tax audits and related litigation may differ materially from the tax amounts recorded in our consolidated financial statements, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 RISKS RELATED TO SUPPLY AND MANUFACTURING 
 Our future results are subject to the risk that purchased components and materials are unavailable or available at excessive cost due to material shortages, excessive demand, currency fluctuation, inflationary pressure and other factors. 
 We depend on various components, materials and services from supply chain partners to manufacture our products. It is possible that any of our supplier relationships could be terminated or otherwise disrupted, or that our suppliers may be unable to timely deliver to us. Any sustained interruption in our receipt of adequate supplies or services could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our inability to successfully manage price fluctuations due to market demand, currency risks or material shortages, or future price fluctuations (whether due to inflationary pressures or otherwise) could have a material adverse effect on our business and our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our plans to continue to improve productivity and reduce complexity may not be successful, which could adversely affect our ability to compete. 
 MSA has integrated parts of its European operating segment that have historically been individually managed entities, into a centrally managed organization model. We plan to continue to leverage the benefits of scale created from this approach and are in the process of implementing a more efficient and cost-effective enterprise resource planning system in additional locations across the International Segment. MSA runs the risk that these and similar initiatives may not be completed substantially as planned, may be more costly to implement than expected, or may not result in the efficiencies or cost savings anticipated. In addition, if not properly managed, these initiatives could cause disruptions in our day-to-day operations and have a negative impact on MSA's financial results. It is also possible that other major productivity and streamlining programs may be required in the future. 
 RISKS RELATED TO ECONOMIC, MARKET AND COMPETITIVE CONDITIONS 
 Unfavorable economic and market conditions could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are subject to risks arising from adverse changes in global economic conditions. We have significant operations in a number of countries outside the U.S., including some in emerging markets. Long-term economic uncertainty in some of the regions of the world in which we operate, such as Asia, Latin America, the Middle East and Europe, could result in declines in revenue, profitability and cash flow due to reduced orders, payment delays, supply chain disruptions or other factors caused by the economic challenges faced by our customers and suppliers. 
 A portion of MSA's sales are made to customers in the oil, gas and petrochemical market. We estimate that between approximately 25 - 30 of our global business is sold into the energy market vertical with the most significant exposure in industrial head protection, portable gas detection and FGFD. Approximately 10 - 15 of consolidated revenue, primarily in industrial head protection and portable gas detection, is more exposed to a pullback in employment trends across the energy market. Another 5 - 10 of consolidated revenue, primarily in FGFD is more exposed to a pullback in capital equipment spending within the energy market. It is possible that volatility in the oil, gas and petrochemical industry, whether related to economic, climate-related energy policy, or other conditions, could negatively impact our business and could result in declines in our consolidated results of operations and cash flow. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Pandemics or disease outbreaks, such as COVID-19, may cause unfavorable economic or market conditions which could impact demand patterns and/or disrupt global supply chains and manufacturing operations. Collectively, these outcomes could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Pandemics or disease outbreaks such as COVID-19 could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies of developed and emerging markets, potentially resulting in an economic downturn that could affect customers demand for our products in certain industrial-based end-markets. The spread of pandemics or disease outbreaks may also disrupt the Company s manufacturing operations, supply chain, or logistics necessary to import, export and deliver products to our customers. During a pandemic or crisis, applicable laws and response directives such as vaccine mandates or occupational safety and health requirements, could, in some circumstances, result in skilled labor impacts including voluntary attrition or difficulty finding labor, or otherwise adversely affect our ability to operate our plants, obtain inputs from suppliers, or to deliver our products in a timely manner. Some laws and directives may also hinder our ability to move certain products across borders. Economic conditions can also influence order patterns. These factors could negatively impact our consolidated results of operations and cash flow. 
 A reduction in the spending patterns of government agencies or delays in obtaining government approval for our products could materially and adversely affect our net sales, earnings and cash flow. 
 The demand for our products sold to the fire service market, the homeland security market and other government agencies is, in large part, driven by available government funding. Government budgets are set annually, and we cannot assure that government funding will be sustained at similar levels in the future. A significant reduction in available government funding could result in declines in our consolidated results of operations and cash flow. 
 The markets in which we compete are highly competitive, and some of our competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do. The competitive pressures faced by us could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The safety products market is highly competitive, with participants ranging in size from small companies focusing on single types of safety products, to large multinational corporations that manufacture and supply many types of safety products. Our main competitors vary by region and product. We believe that participants in this industry compete primarily on the basis of product characteristics (such as functional performance, technology, cost of ownership, comfort, design and style), price, service and delivery, customer support, the ability to meet the special requirements of customers, brand name trust and recognition, and e-business capabilities. Some of our competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do and our business could be adversely affected by competitors new product innovations, technological advances made to competing products and pricing changes made by us in response to competition from existing or new competitors. We may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors, and the competitive pressures faced by us could have a material adverse effect our business, consolidated results of operations and financial condition. In addition, e-business is a rapidly developing area, and the execution of a successful e-business strategy involves significant time, investment and resources. If we are unable to successfully expand e-business capabilities in support of our customer needs, our brands may lose market share, which could negatively impact revenue and profitability. 
 RISKS RELATED TO NEW AND ADJACENT INITIATIVES 
 Our plans to improve future profitability through restructuring programs may not be successful and could lead to unintended consequences. 
 We have incurred and may incur restructuring charges primarily related to severance costs for staff reductions associated with our ongoing initiatives to drive profitable growth and right size our operations as well as programs to adjust our operations in response to current business conditions. For example, in 2022, 151 positions were eliminated in response to the changing business environment. Our cost structure in future periods is somewhat dependent upon our ability to maintain increased productivity without backfilling certain positions. If our programs are not successful, there could be a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated results of operations. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Our inability to successfully identify, consummate and integrate current and future acquisitions or to realize anticipated cost savings and other benefits could adversely affect our business. Additionally, divestitures may expose us to alleged potential liabilities which could adversely affect our business. 
 One of our operating strategies is to selectively pursue acquisitions. Any future acquisitions will depend on our ability to identify suitable acquisition candidates and successfully consummate such acquisitions. Acquisitions involve a number of risks including: 
 failure of the acquired businesses to achieve the results we expect; 
 diversion of our management s attention from operational matters; 
 our inability to retain key personnel of the acquired businesses; 
 risks associated with unanticipated events or liabilities; 
 potential disruption of our existing business; and 
 customer dissatisfaction or performance problems at the acquired businesses. 
 If we are unable to integrate or successfully manage businesses that we have recently acquired or may acquire in the future, we may not realize anticipated cost savings, improved manufacturing efficiencies and increased revenue, which may result in material adverse short and long-term effects on our consolidated operating results, financial condition and liquidity. Even if we are able to integrate the operations of our acquired businesses into our operations, we may not realize the full benefits of the cost savings, revenue enhancements or other benefits that we may have expected at the time of acquisition. In addition, even if we achieve the expected benefits, we may not be able to achieve them within the anticipated time frame, and such benefits may be offset by costs incurred in integrating the acquired companies and increases in other expenses. 
 
 We have also divested businesses and may consider divesting businesses in the future. Divestiture risks relate to our ability to find appropriate purchasers, execute transactions on favorable terms, separate divested business operations with minimal impact to our remaining operations, and effectively manage any transitional service arrangements. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 
 If we fail to introduce successful new products or extend our existing product line, we could lose our market position and our financial performance could be materially and adversely affected. 
 In the safety products market, there are frequent introductions of new products and product line extensions. If we are unable to identify emerging customer and technological trends, maintain and improve the competitiveness of our products and introduce new products, we may lose our market position, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We continue to invest significant resources in research and development and market research, which includes the development of software platforms for our connected products. However, continued product and/or service development and marketing efforts are subject to the risks inherent in the development process. These risks include delays, the failure of new products and product line extensions to achieve anticipated levels of market acceptance and the risk of failed product introductions. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 RISKS RELATED TO CYBERSECURITY OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF OUR CRITICAL INFORMATION 
 A failure of our information systems or a cybersecurity breach could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The proper functioning and security of our information systems is critical to the operation and reputation of our business. This includes the systems that support and operate our Safety io and MSA+ platforms. Our information systems may be vulnerable to damage or disruption from natural or man-made disasters, computer viruses, power losses or other system or network failures. In addition, hackers, cyber-criminals and other persons could attempt to gain unauthorized access to our information systems with the intent of harming the Company, harming our information systems or obtaining sensitive information such as intellectual property, trade secrets, financial and business development information, and customer and vendor related information. To date, we have not experienced any material breaches or material losses related to cyber-attacks. If our information systems or security fail, or if there is any compromise or breach of our security, it could disrupt our operations and/or result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, legal and financial exposure, remediation costs, negative impacts on our customers' willingness to transact business with us, or a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could have an adverse effect on our business, our reputation and our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 
 Like many companies, from time to time, we have experienced attempts on our computer systems by unauthorized outside parties. Because the techniques used by computer hackers and others to access or sabotage networks continually evolve and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate, prevent or detect these attacks. As a result, the impact of any future incident cannot be predicted, including the failure of our information systems or misappropriation of our technologies and/or processes. Any such system failure or loss of such information could harm our competitive position or cause us to incur significant costs to remedy the damages caused by the incident. We have taken steps and incurred costs to further strengthen the security of our computer systems and continue to assess, maintain and enhance the ongoing effectiveness of our information security systems. While we attempt to mitigate these risks by employing a number of measures, including employee training, comprehensive monitoring of our networks and systems, and maintenance of backup and protective systems, our systems, networks remain potentially vulnerable to advanced persistent threats. We cannot assure that ongoing improvements to our infrastructure and cybersecurity programs will be sufficient to prevent or limit the damage from any future cyber-attack or disruption to our information systems. It is therefore possible that in the future we may suffer an attack, unauthorized parties may gain access to personal information in our possession and we may not be able to identify any such incident in a timely manner. 
 Our continued success depends on our ability to protect our intellectual property. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, our business could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to obtain and enforce patents, maintain trade secret protection and operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of third parties . We have been issued patents and have registered trademarks with respect to many of our products, but our competitors could independently develop similar or superior products or technologies, duplicate any of our designs, trademarks, processes or other intellectual property or design around any processes or designs on which we have or may obtain patents or trademark protection. In addition, it is possible that third parties may have, or will acquire, licenses for patents or trademarks that we may use or desire to use, so that we may need to acquire licenses to, or to contest the validity of, such patents or trademarks of third parties. Such licenses may not be made available to us on acceptable terms, if at all, and we may not prevail in contesting the validity of third party rights. 
 We also protect trade secrets, know-how and other confidential information against unauthorized use by others or disclosure by persons who have access to them, such as our employees, through contractual arrangements. These agreements may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information in the event of any unauthorized use, misappropriation or disclosure of such trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information. Our inability to maintain the proprietary nature of our technologies could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 RISKS RELATED TO HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
 If we lose any of our key personnel or are unable to attract, train and/or retain qualified personnel or plan the succession of senior management, our ability to manage our business and continue our growth could be negatively impacted. 
 Our success depends in large part on the continued contributions of our key management, engineering and sales and marketing personnel, many of whom are highly skilled and would be difficult to replace. Our success also depends on the abilities of new personnel to function effectively, both individually and as a group. If we are unable to attract, effectively integrate and retain management, engineering, sales and marketing or other key personnel, then the execution of our growth strategy and our ability to react to changing market requirements may be impeded, and our business could suffer as a result. 
 In addition, hiring, training, and successfully integrating replacement critical personnel could be time consuming, may cause additional disruptions to our operations, and may be unsuccessful, which could negatively impact future revenues. Competition for personnel is intense, and we cannot assure that we will be successful in attracting and retaining qualified personnel. The hiring of new personnel may also result in increased costs and we do not currently maintain key person life insurance. 
 Our success also depends on effective succession planning. Failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving senior management could hinder our strategic planning and execution. From time to time, senior management or other key employees may leave the Company. While we strive to reduce the negative impact of such changes, the loss of any key employee could result in significant disruptions to our operations, including adversely affecting the timeliness of product releases, the successful implementation and completion of company initiatives, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting, and the results of our operations. 
 We may be unable to hire or retain and develop a highly skilled and diverse global workforce or effectively manage changes in our workforce and respond to shifts in labor availability. 
 It it important to our business to hire, retain and develop a highly skilled and diverse global workforce. We compete to hire new personnel with a variety of capabilities in the many countries in which we manufacture and market our products. We also invest resources and time to develop and retain our employees' skills and competencies. We could experience unplanned or increased turnover of employees with key capabilities, or fail to develop adequate succession plans for leadership positions or hire and retain a workforce with the skills and in the locations we need to operate and grow our business. We could also fail to attract and develop personnel with key emerging capabilities that we need to continue to respond to changing consumer and customer needs and grow our business, including skills in the areas of manufacturing, engineering, sales, service, and various functional support areas. Occurrence of any of these conditions could deplete our institutional knowledge base and erode our competitiveness. 
 We are experiencing continuing a tight and competitive labor market and could face unforeseen challenges in the availability of labor. A sustained labor shortage or increased turnover rates within our employee base have led and could lead to increased costs such as increased overtime to meet demand and increased wages to attract and retain employees. We have also been negatively affected and could continue to be negatively affected by labor shortages or constraints experienced by our partners, including our external manufacturing partners and freight providers. Failure to achieve and maintain a diverse workforce, compensate our employees competitively and fairly, maintain a safe and inclusive environment or promote the well-being of our employees could affect our reputation and also result in lower performance and an inability to retain valuable employees. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 RISKS RELATED TO DOING BUSINESS INTERNATIONALLY 
 We have significant international operations and are subject to the risks of doing business in foreign countries and global supply chains. 
 We have business operations in more than 40 international locations. In 2022, approximately one-half of our net sales were made by operations located outside the United States. We also rely on global supply chains or otherwise source critical components and raw materials from suppliers based in foreign countries, which at times are used in manufacturing operations across our global footprint. In certain cases, components could be sole sourced or otherwise not easily substituted due to the highly regulated nature of our products. Therefore, our operations and sourcing strategies are subject to supply shortages, sourcing delays, or disruption due to various geopolitical, economic, disasters, and other risks and uncertainties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. These risks include the following: 
 Scarcity of parts and components necessary to manufacture our products; 
 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 
 changes in trade policy or tariff regulations; 
 changes in tax laws and regulations; 
 unintended consequences due to changes to the Company's legal structure; 
 additional valuation allowances on deferred tax assets due to an inability to generate sufficient profit in certain foreign jurisdictions; 
 intellectual property protection difficulties or intellectual property theft; 
 difficulty in collecting accounts receivable; 
 complications in complying with a variety of foreign laws and regulations, some of which may conflict with U.S. laws; 
 foreign privacy laws and regulations; 
 trade protection measures and price controls; 
 trade sanctions and embargoes; 
 nationalization and expropriation; 
 increased international instability, potential instability of foreign governments or impacts from geopolitical conflict such as supplier or transportation disruptions; 
 effectiveness of worldwide compliance with MSA's anti-bribery policy, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and similar local laws; 
 difficulty in hiring and retaining qualified employees; 
 the ability to effectively negotiate with labor unions in foreign countries; 
 the need to take extra security precautions for our international operations; 
 costs and difficulties in managing culturally and geographically diverse international operations; 
 pandemics, severe weather events, or other disasters; and 
 risks associated with the United Kingdom's decision to exit the European Union, including disruptions to trade and free movement of goods, services and people to and from the United Kingdom; increased foreign exchange volatility with respect to the British pound; and additional legal and economic uncertainty. 
 Any one or more of these risks could have a negative impact on the success of our international operations and, thereby, have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Because we derive a significant portion of our sales from the operations of our foreign subsidiaries, future currency exchange rate fluctuations could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, and could affect the comparability of our results between financial periods. 
 Our operations outside of the United States account for a significant portion of our net sales. The results of our foreign operations are generally reported in local currency and then translated into U.S. dollars at the applicable exchange rates for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements. The exchange rates between some of these currencies and the U.S. dollar have fluctuated significantly in recent years and may continue to do so in the future. A weakening of the currencies in which sales are generated relative to the currencies in which costs are denominated would decrease our results of operations and cash flow. Although the Company uses instruments to hedge certain foreign currency risks, these hedges only offset a portion of the Company s exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. 
 In addition, because our consolidated financial statements are stated in U.S. dollars, such fluctuations may affect our consolidated results of operations and financial position, and may affect the comparability of our results between financial periods. Our inability to effectively manage our exchange rate risks or any volatility in currency exchange rates could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 
 We benefit from free trade laws and regulations, such as the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement and any changes to these laws and regulations could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Existing free trade laws and regulations, such as the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement, provide certain beneficial duties and tariffs for qualifying imports and exports, subject to compliance with the applicable classification and other requirements. Changes in laws or policies governing the terms of foreign trade, and in particular increased trade restrictions, tariffs or taxes on imports from countries where we manufacture products, such as China and Mexico, could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 
 GENERAL RISK FACTORS 
 Damage to the reputation of MSA or to one or more of our product brands could adversely affect our business. 
 Developing and maintaining our reputation, as well as the reputation of our brands, is a critical factor in our relationship with customers, distributors and others. Our inability to address negative publicity or other issues, including concerns about product safety or quality, real or perceived, could negatively impact our business which could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 
 If our goodwill, other intangible assets and long-lived assets become impaired, we may be required to record significant charges to earnings. 
 We review our long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are required to be assessed for impairment at least annually. Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances, indicating that the carrying amount of our goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets or long-lived assets may not be recoverable, include slower growth rates in our markets, reduced expected future cash flows, increased country risk premiums as a result of political uncertainty and a decline in stock price and market capitalization. We consider available current information when calculating our impairment charge. If there are indicators of impairment, our long-term cash flow forecasts for our operations deteriorate or discount rates increase, we may be required to recognize additional impairment charges in later periods. See Note 13 Goodwill and Intangible Assets of the consolidated financial statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for the carrying amounts of goodwill in each of our reporting segments and details on indefinite-lived intangible assets that we hold. 
 Risks related to our defined benefit pension and other post-retirement plans could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flow. 
 Significant changes in actual investment return on pension assets, discount rates, and other factors could adversely affect our results of operations and pension contributions in future periods. U.S. generally accepted accounting principles require that we calculate income or expense for the plans using actuarial valuations. These valuations reflect assumptions about financial markets and interest rates, which may change based on economic conditions. Funding requirements for our pension plans may become more significant. However, the ultimate amounts to be contributed are dependent upon, among other things, interest rates, underlying asset returns and the impact of legislative or regulatory changes related to pension funding obligations. For further information regarding our pension plans, refer to Note 15 Pensions and Other Post-retirement Benefits of the consolidated financial statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 If we fail to meet our debt service requirements or the restrictive covenants in our debt agreements or if interest rates increase, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 We have a substantial amount of debt upon which we are required to make scheduled interest and principal payments and we may incur additional debt in the future. A significant portion of our debt bears interest at variable rates that may increase in the future. 
 Our debt agreements require us to comply with certain restrictive covenants. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash to service our debt or if interest rates increase, our consolidated results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. Additionally, a failure to comply with the restrictive covenants contained in our debt agreements could result in a default, which if not waived by our lenders, could substantially increase borrowing costs and require accelerated repayment of our debt. Please refer to Note 12 Long-Term Debt of the consolidated financial statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for commentary on our compliance with the restrictive covenants. 
 Any period of interest rate increases may adversely affect our ability to obtain new financing or to refinance existing debt on terms the Company deems attractive, the cost of such financing, exchange-rates, and our profitability, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and capital resources. As of December 31, 2022, we had 308.6 million of variable rate borrowings under our revolving credit facility. A 50 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates could result in 1.4 million of additional interest expense. When the 315.0 million of variable rate debt undertaken to complete the MSA, LLC divestiture is taken into account, a 50 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates could result in 3.0 million of additional interest expense. Please refer to Note 20 Contingencies of the consolidated financial statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information regarding the divestiture. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 1000 Cranberry Woods Drive, Cranberry Township, PA, United States. We own or lease our primary facilities. Our primary manufacturing locations in the Americas segment are located in Cranberry Township, PA; Jacksonville, NC; Murrysville, PA; New Kensington, PA; and Pittsfield, NH, and our primary distribution center is located in New Galilee, PA. The primary manufacturing locations in the International segment are located in Berlin, Germany; Bristol, United Kingdom; Ch tillon-sur-Chalaronne, France, Devizes, United Kingdom; Galway, Ireland; and Suzhou, China. Our primary research and development centers are located in Berlin, Germany; Cranberry Township, PA; and Suzhou, China. 
 We believe that all of our facilities, including the manufacturing facilities, are in good repair and in suitable condition for the purposes for which they are used. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 Please refer to Note 20 Contingencies to the consolidated financial statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Information about our Executive Officers 
 The following sets forth the names and ages of our executive officers as of February 16, 2023: 
 Name Age Title Nishan J. Vartanian (a) 
 63 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer since May 2020. Steven C. Blanco (b) 
 56 Sr. Vice President and President, MSA Americas segment since June 2022. Bob Leenen (c) 
 49 Sr. Vice President and President, MSA International segment since June 2022. Lee B. McChesney (d) 
 51 Sr. Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since October 2022. Stephanie L. Sciullo (e) 
 38 Sr. Vice President and Chief Legal Officer, Corporate Social Responsibility Public Affairs since June 2022. 
 
 (a) Prior to his present position, Mr. Vartanian was President and Chief Executive Officer since May 2018. 
 (b) Prior to his present position, Mr. Blanco served as Vice President and President, MSA Americas segment since August 2017. 
 (c) Prior to his present position, Mr. Leenen served as Vice President and President, MSA International segment since September 2017. 
 (d) Prior to his present position, Mr. McChesney was Vice President, Corporate Finance and Chief Financial Officer, Global Tools and Storage for Stanley Black Decker's (a manufacturer of industrial tools and household hardware) since January 2021; Chief Financial Officer, Global Tools and Storage and Corporate FP A since November 2019; and prior thereto served as President, Hand Tools, Accessories and Storage since 2016. 
 (e) Prior to her present position, Ms. Sciullo was Vice President and Chief Legal Officer, Corporate Social Responsibility Public Affairs since August 2021; Vice President and Chief Legal Officer since January 2020; and prior thereto served as Deputy General Counsel since 2016. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol MSA. On February 10, 2023, there were 153 registered holders of our shares of common stock. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs October 1 October 31, 2022 203,214 November 1 November 30, 2022 193,458 December 1 December 31, 2022 231 134.47 189,191 
 The share repurchase program authorizes up to 100.0 million in repurchases of MSA common stock in the open market and in private transactions. The share purchase program has no expiration date. The maximum number of shares that may be purchased is calculated based on the dollars remaining under the program and the respective month-end closing share price. We have purchased a total of 778,814 shares, or 72.7 million, since this program's inception. 
 The above shares purchased during the quarter related to stock-based compensation transactions. 
 We do not have any other share repurchase programs. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of Five-Year Cumulative Total Return 
 The following paragraph compares the most recent five-year performance of MSA stock with (1) the Standard Poor s 500 Composite Index, (2) S P Midcap 400 Index and (3) S P Midcap 400 Industrials. Because our competitors are principally privately held concerns or subsidiaries or divisions of corporations engaged in multiple lines of business, we do not believe it feasible to construct a peer group comparison on an industry or line-of-business basis. The S P 500 Composite Index, S P Midcap 400 Index and the S P Midcap 400 Industrials, while including corporations both larger and smaller than MSA in terms of market capitalization, is composed of corporations with an average market capitalization similar to us. 
 COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 ASSUMES INITIAL INVESTMENT OF 100 
 Among MSA Safety Incorporated, the S P 500 Index, S P Midcap 400, and S P Midcap 400 Industrials 
 
 Assumes 100 invested on December 31, 2017 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. Fiscal year ending December 31. 
 Value at December 31, 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 MSA Safety Incorporated 100.00 123.58 168.18 201.44 205.77 199.25 S P 500 Index 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.88 S P Midcap 400 100.00 88.92 112.21 127.54 159.12 138.34 S P Midcap 400 Industrials 100.00 85.11 113.67 132.41 170.07 150.52 
 Prepared by Zacks Investment Research, Inc. Used with permission. All rights reserved. Copyright 1980-2023. 
 Index Data: Copyright Standard and Poor s, Inc. Used with permission. All rights reserved. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the historical financial statements and other financial information included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. This discussion may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates, assumptions and projections about our industry, business and future financial results. Our actual results could differ materially from the results contemplated by these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed in the sections of this annual report entitled Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors. 
 This section generally discusses the results of our operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. For a discussion on the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, please refer to Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 19, 2021. 
 MSA Safety Incorporated ("MSA") is organized into four geographical operating segments that are aggregated into three reportable geographic segments: Americas, International and Corporate. The Americas segment is comprised of our operations in North America and Latin America geographies. The International segment is comprised of our operations of all geographies outside of the Americas. Certain global expenses are allocated to each segment in a manner consistent with where the benefits from the expenses are derived. Please refer to Note 8 Segment Information of the consolidated financial statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further information. 
 On January 5, 2023, the Company divested Mine Safety Appliances LLC ("MSA LLC") a wholly owned subsidiary that holds legacy product liability claims relating to coal dust, asbestos, silica, and other exposures, to a joint venture between R Q Insurance Holdings Ltd. and Obra Capital, Inc. In connection with the closing, MSA contributed 341 million in cash and cash equivalents, while R Q and Obra contributed an additional 35 million. As a result of the transaction, MSA will derecognize all legacy cumulative trauma product liability reserves, related insurance assets, and associated deferred tax assets of the divested subsidiary from its balance sheet in the first quarter of 2023. R Q and Obra have assumed management of the divested subsidiary, including the management of its claims. Refer to Note 20 Contingencies of the consolidated financial statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further information. 
 On July 1, 2021, the Company acquired Bacharach, Inc. and its affiliated companies ("Bacharach") in a transaction valued at 329.4 million, net of cash acquired. Headquartered near Pittsburgh in New Kensington, Pa., Bacharach is a leader in gas detection technologies used in the heating, ventilation, air conditioning and refrigeration ("HVAC-R") markets. Bacharach s advanced instrumentation technologies help protect lives and the environment, while also increasing operational efficiency for its diversified customer base. Bacharach's portfolio of gas detection and analysis products are used to detect, measure and analyze leaks of various gases that are commonly found in both commercial and industrial settings. Bacharach has strong expertise in the refrigerant leak detection market with customers in the HVAC-R, food retail, automotive, commercial and industrial refrigeration, and military markets. Refer to Note 14 Acquisitions of the consolidated financial statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further information. 
 During July 2021, the Company purchased the remaining 10 noncontrolling interest in MSA (China) Safety Equipment Co., Ltd. from our former China partner for 19.0 million, inclusive of a 5.6 million distribution. 
 On January 25, 2021, the Company acquired 100 of the common stock of B T Q Limited, including Bristol Uniforms and Bell Apparel ("Bristol") in an all-cash transaction valued at 63.0 million, net of cash acquired. Bristol, which is headquartered in the United Kingdom ("U.K."), is a leading innovator and provider of protective apparel to the fire, rescue services, and utility sectors. The acquisition strengthens MSA's position as a global market leader in fire service personal protective equipment ("PPE") products, which include breathing apparatus, firefighter helmets, thermal imaging cameras, and firefighter protective apparel, while providing an avenue to expand its business in the U.K. and key European markets. The fire service equipment brands of MSA, which include Gallet Firefighter Helmets, the M1 and G1 Self-Contained Breathing Apparatus range, Cairns Helmets, Globe Manufacturing, and now Bristol, represent more than 460 combined years of innovation in the fire service industry, with a common mission: protecting the health and safety of firefighters. Bristol is also a leading manufacturer of flame-retardant, waterproof, and other protective work wear for the utility industry. Marketed under the Bell Apparel brand, this line complements MSA's existing and broad range of offerings for the global utilities market. Refer to Note 14 Acquisitions of the consolidated financial statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further information. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 MSA is a global leader in the development, manufacture and supply of safety products that protect people and facility infrastructures. Recognized for their market leading innovation, many MSA products integrate a combination of electronics, mechanical systems and advanced materials to protect users against hazardous or life-threatening situations. The Company's comprehensive product line, which is governed by rigorous safety standards across highly regulated industries, is used by workers around the world in a broad range of markets, including fire service, oil, gas and petrochemical industry, construction, industrial manufacturing applications, utilities, mining and the military. MSA's core products include breathing apparatus, fixed gas and flame detection systems, portable gas detection instruments, industrial head protection products, firefighter helmets and protective apparel, and fall protection devices. We are committed to providing our customers with service unmatched in the safety industry and, in the process, enhancing our ability to provide a growing line of safety solutions for customers in key global markets. 
 We tailor our product offerings and distribution strategy to satisfy distinct customer preferences that vary across geographic regions. To best serve these customer preferences, we have organized our business into four geographical operating segments that are aggregated into three reportable geographic segments: Americas, International and Corporate. In 2022, 68 and 32 of our net sales were made by our Americas and International segments, respectively. 
 Americas . Our largest manufacturing and research and development facilities are located in the United States. We serve our markets across the Americas with manufacturing facilities in the U.S., Mexico and Brazil. Operations in the other countries within the Americas segment focus primarily on sales and distribution in their respective home country markets. 
 International . Our International segment includes companies in Europe, the Middle East and Africa ("EMEA") and the Asia Pacific region. In our largest International subsidiaries (in Germany, France, U.K., Ireland and China), we develop, manufacture and sell a wide variety of products. In China, the products manufactured are sold primarily in China as well as in regional markets. Operations in other International segment countries focus primarily on sales and distribution in their respective home country markets. Although some of these companies may perform limited production, most of their sales are of products manufactured in our plants in Germany, France, the U.S., U.K., Ireland and China or are purchased from third-party vendors. 
 Corporate . The Corporate segment primarily consists of general and administrative expenses incurred in our corporate headquarters, costs associated with corporate development initiatives, legal expense, interest expense, foreign exchange gains or losses and other centrally-managed costs. Corporate general and administrative costs comprise the majority of the expense in the Corporate segment. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 corporate general and administrative costs were 40.3 million, 37.6 million, and 28.5 million, respectively. These increases primarily reflect an increase in centrally managed functions. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Net Sales 2022 2021 Dollar Increase (Decrease) Percent Increase (Decrease) (In millions) Consolidated 1,527.9 1,400.2 127.7 9.1 Americas 1,043.2 908.1 135.1 14.9 International 484.7 492.1 (7.4) (1.5) 
 Net Sales. Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022, were 1.53 billion, an increase of 127.7 million, from 1.40 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021, driven by strategic price increases, volume growth, and acquisitions, partially offset by foreign currency translation. We saw strong growth across most of our core products and across both reporting segments. Constant currency sales increased by 12.2 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Please refer to the Net Sales table below for a reconciliation of the year over year sales change. 
 Net Sales Year Ended December 31, 2022 versus December 31, 2021 (Percent Change) Americas International Consolidated GAAP reported sales change 14.9 (1.5) 9.1 Currency translation effects 0.2 8.5 3.1 Constant currency sales change 15.1 7.0 12.2 Less: Acquisitions (2.8) (1.6) (2.3) Organic constant currency change 12.3 5.4 9.9 
 Note: Constant currency sales change and Organic constant currency sales change are non-GAAP financial measure provided by the Company to give a better understanding of the Company's underlying business performance. Constant currency sales change is calculated by deducting the percentage impact from currency translation effects from the overall percentage change in net sales. Organic constant currency sales change is calculated by deducting the percentage impact from acquisitions and currency translation effects from the overall percentage change in net sales. 
 Net sales for the Americas segment were 1,043.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 135.1 million, or 14.9 , compared to 908.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. During 2022, constant currency sales in the Americas segment increased 15.1 or on an organic constant currency basis increased 12.3 , excluding acquisitions. Growth was driven by favorable unit growth, new products, pricing and this volume growth was across most product categories. The inclusion of Bacharach drove the acquisition related sales. 
 Net sales for the International segment were 484.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 7.4 million, or 1.5 , compared to 492.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Constant currency sales in the International segment increased 7.0 compared to the prior year period with organic constant currency growth of 5.4 . Growth was driven by favorable unit growth, new products, pricing and this volume growth was across most product categories; however, the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation offset this growth on a reported basis. The inclusion of Bacharach drove acquisition related sales. 
 Looking ahead, we continue to operate in a very dynamic environment. There are a number of other evolving factors that will continue to influence our revenue and earnings outlook. These factors include, among other things, supply chain constraints, raw material or semiconductor availability, the risk of additional COVID lockdowns, industrial employment rates, interest rate changes, military conflict, currency exchange volatility, the pace of economic recovery, as well as geopolitical risk, particularly as it relates to energy uncertainty which could affect operations and suppliers based in Germany and broader Europe. These or other conditions could impact our future results and growth expectations well into 2023. 
 Refer to Note 8 Segment Information to the consolidated financial statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K, for information regarding sales by product group. 
 Gross profit. Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 673.8 million, an increase of 58.5 million, or 9.5 , compared to 615.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The ratio of gross profit to net sales was 44.1 in 2022 compared to 43.9 in 2021. Pricing and productivity efforts were partially offset by inflation, inventory and product warranty charges. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Selling, general and administrative expenses. Selling, general and administrative ("SG A") expenses were 338.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 6.0 million, or 1.8 , compared to 332.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Overall, selling, general and administrative expenses were 22.2 of net sales in 2022 compared to 23.8 of net sales in 2021. Organic constant currency SG A increased 13 million or 4.0 , demonstrating leverage on revenue growth. This increase was driven by wage inflation and strategic investments to support revenue growth. Areas of savings included lower acquisition related costs and savings from our restructuring programs in our International segment. Please refer to the Selling, general and administrative expenses table for a reconciliation of the year-over-year expense change. 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses Year Ended December 31, 2022 versus December 31, 2021 (Percent Change) Consolidated GAAP reported change 1.8 Currency translation effects 2.9 Constant currency change 4.7 Less: Acquisitions and strategic transaction costs (0.7) Organic constant currency change 4.0 
 Note: Constant currency SG A change and Organic constant currency SG A change are non-GAAP financial measure provided by the Company to give a better understanding of the Company's underlying business performance. Constant currency SG A change is calculated by deducting the percentage impact from currency translation effects from the overall percentage change in SG A. Organic constant currency SG A change is calculated by deducting the percentage impact from acquisitions and related strategic transaction costs and currency translation effects from the overall percentage change in SG A. 
 Research and development expense. Research and development expense was 57.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 0.8 million, or 1.4 , compared to 57.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Research and development expense was 3.7 of net sales in 2022, compared to 4.1 of net sales in 2021. 
 We capitalized approximately 8.7 million and 8.1 million of software development costs during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Depreciation expense for capitalized software development cost of 7.9 million and 4.9 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was recorded in costs of products sold on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Refer to Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies of the consolidated financial statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further details regarding our software development costs. 
 MSA remains committed to dedicating significant resources to research and development activities, including the development of technology-based safety solutions. As we continue to invest a significant portion of our new product development into technology-based safety solutions, we anticipate that the historical relationship of research and development expense to net sales will continue to evolve; however, we do not anticipate reductions in the relative level of total spend on research and development activities on an annual basis. Total spend on both software development and research and development activities was 65.7 million and 65.9 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Restructuring charges. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded restructuring charges of 8.0 million primarily related to our ongoing international initiatives to drive profitable growth and right size operations. This compared to restructuring charges of 16.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily related to our ongoing initiatives to drive profitable growth and acquisition integration activities. We remain focused on executing programs to optimize our cost structure. 
 Currency exchange . Currency exchange losses were 10.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The currency exchange losses for the current period related primarily due to foreign currency exposure on unsettled inter-company balances and the recognition of non-cash cumulative translation losses as result of our plan to close a foreign subsidiary. Currency exchange in 2021 related to foreign currency exposure on unsettled inter-company balances. 
 Refer to Note 18 Derivative Financial Instruments of the consolidated financial statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for information regarding our currency exchange rate risk management strategy. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Product liability expense. Product liability expense during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 20.6 million compared to 185.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Product liability expense for both periods primarily relates to increases in MSA LLC's reserve for cumulative trauma product liability claims and defense costs incurred for these claims. Adjustments to the reserve for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 8.4 million net of insurance receivable of 1.6 million. The reserve includes estimated amounts for claims expected to be resolved through the year 2075. On January 5, 2023, the Company divested MSA LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary that holds legacy product liability claims relating to coal dust, asbestos, silica, and other exposures. As a result of the transaction, we will derecognize in the first quarter of 2023 all legacy cumulative trauma product liability reserves, related insurance assets, and associated deferred tax assets of the divested subsidiary from our balance sheet and recognize a loss of approximately 200 million. Please refer to Note 20 Contingencies of the consolidated financial statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 GAAP operating income. Consolidated operating income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 239.1 million compared to 22.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in operating results was driven by the factors described in the preceding sections. 
 Adjusted operating income. Americas adjusted operating income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 267.4 million, an increase of 64.9 million or 32 , compared to 202.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in adjusted operating income is primarily attributable to higher sales volumes driven by the full year impact of the Bacharach acquisition and organic business activity, partially offset by higher SG A expenses to support business growth. 
 International adjusted operating income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 60.9 million, a decrease of 12.4 million, or 17 , compared to adjusted operating income of 73.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in adjusted operating income is primarily attributable to lower revenue and gross margins as a result of unfavorable currency translation and transactional impact, inflationary pressures, partially offset by lower SG A expenses. 
 Corporate segment adjusted operating loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 37.9 million, an increase of 2.7 million, or 8 , compared to an adjusted operating loss of 35.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 due primarily to increased costs to support higher business activity. 
 The following tables represent a reconciliation from GAAP operating income to adjusted operating income (loss) and adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted operating margin is calculated as adjusted operating income (loss) divided by net sales and adjusted EBITDA margin is calculated as adjusted EBITDA divided by net sales. 
 Adjusted operating income Year Ended December 31, 2022 (In thousands) Americas International Corporate Consolidated Net sales 1,043,238 484,715 1,527,953 GAAP operating income 239,137 Restructuring charges (Note 3) 7,965 Currency exchange losses, net 10,255 Product liability expense (Note 20) 20,590 Acquisition related costs (Note 14) (a) 
 12,440 Adjusted operating income (loss) 267,392 60,923 (37,928) 290,387 Adjusted operating margin 25.6 12.6 Depreciation and amortization (a) 
 34,334 12,256 520 47,110 Adjusted EBITDA 301,726 73,179 (37,408) 337,497 Adjusted EBITDA 28.9 15.1 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted operating income Year Ended December 31, 2021 (In thousands) Americas International Corporate Consolidated Net sales 908,068 492,114 1,400,182 GAAP operating income 22,780 Restructuring charges (Note 3) 16,433 Currency exchange losses, net 216 Product liability expense (Note 20) 185,264 Acquisition related costs (Note 14) (a) 
 15,884 Adjusted operating income (loss) 202,496 73,279 (35,198) 240,577 Adjusted operating margin 22.3 14.9 Depreciation and amortization (a) 
 31,236 13,718 463 45,417 Adjusted EBITDA 233,732 86,997 (34,735) 285,994 Adjusted EBITDA 25.7 17.7 
 (a) Acquisition related costs include advisory, legal, accounting, valuation, and other professional or consulting fees incurred during due diligence and integration. These costs are included in SG A expense in the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. Acquisition-related costs also include the acquisition related amortization, which is included in Cost of products sold in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Note: Adjusted operating income (loss) and adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures. Adjusted operating income (loss) is reconciled above to the nearest GAAP financial measure, Operating income (loss), and excludes restructuring, currency exchange, product liability expense, and acquisition related costs. Adjusted EBITDA is reconciled above to the nearest GAAP financial measure, Operating income (loss) and excludes depreciation and amortization expense. Adjusted operating margin and Adjusted EBITDA are operating ratios derived from non-GAAP financial measures. 
 Total other expense (income), net. Total other expense, net, for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 0.6 million, a decrease of 1.4 million compared to other income, net, of 0.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, driven primarily by higher interest expense, related to rising interest rate environment, and a write-down of an equity investment, partially offset by higher pension income, resulting from higher expected rate of return on plan assets. We expect total interest expense for 2023 to be between 48 million and 50 million, this increase is primarily related to the additional long-term debt to divest MSA LLC as of January 5, 2023. We expect non-cash pension income to decline by 8 million compared to 2022. 
 Income taxes. The reported effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 24.7 , which includes a benefit of 0.8 for share-based payments, expense of 0.1 related to higher profits in foreign jurisdictions, and an expense of 1.2 due to nondeductible compensation. This compared to a reported effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 7.7 , which included a benefit of 18.3 for share-based payments, a benefit of 10.9 related to higher profits in foreign jurisdictions and settlement of a foreign audit, and an expense of 15.3 due to nondeductible compensation. 
 We are subject to regular review and audit by both foreign and domestic tax authorities. While we believe our tax positions will be sustained, the final outcome of tax audits and related litigation may differ materially from the tax amounts recorded in our consolidated financial statements. 
 Net income attributable to MSA Safety Incorporated . Net income was 179.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, or 4.56 per diluted share, compared to 21.3 million, or 0.54 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Non-GAAP Financial Information 
 To supplement our Consolidated Financial Statements presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), we use, and this report includes, certain non-GAAP financial measures. These financial measures include organic constant currency changes, financial measures excluding the impact of acquisitions and related acquisition related costs (including acquisition related amortization), adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin percentage, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin percentage. We believe that the use of these non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with additional useful information and provide a more complete understanding of our operating performance and trends, and facilitate comparisons with the performance of our peers. Management also uses these measures internally to assess and better understand our underlying business performance and trends related to core business activities. The non-GAAP financial measures and key performance indicators we use, and computational methods with respect thereto, may differ from the non-GAAP financial measures and key performance indicators, and computational methods, that our peers use to assess their performance and trends. 
 The presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures does not comply with U.S. GAAP. These non-GAAP financial measures should be viewed as supplemental in nature, and not as a substitute for, or superior to, our reported results prepared in accordance with GAAP. When non-GAAP financial measures are disclosed, the Securities and Exchange Commission's Regulation G requires: (i) the presentation of the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP and (ii) a reconciliation of the differences between the non-GAAP financial measure presented and the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. For an explanation of these measures, together with a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, please refer to the reconciliations referenced above in Management's Discussion Analysis. 
 We may also provide financial information on a constant currency basis, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. These references to a constant currency basis do not include operational impacts that could result from fluctuations in foreign currency rates, which are outside of management's control. To provide information on a constant currency basis, the applicable financial results are adjusted by translating current and prior period results in local currency to a fixed foreign exchange rate. This approach is used for countries where the functional currency is the local country currency. This information is provided so that certain financial results can be viewed without the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency rates, thereby facilitating period-to-period comparisons of business performance. Constant currency information is not recognized under U.S. GAAP and it is not intended as an alternative to U.S. GAAP measures. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Our main source of liquidity is operating cash flows, supplemented by borrowings. Our principal liquidity requirements are for working capital, capital expenditures, principal and interest payments on debt, declared dividend payments and acquisitions. At December 31, 2022, approximately 46 of our long-term debt is at fixed interest rates with repayment schedules through 2036. The remainder of our long-term debt is at variable rates on an unsecured revolving credit facility that is due in 2026. At December 31, 2022, approximately 82 of our borrowings are denominated in US dollars, which limits our exposure to currency exchange rate fluctuations. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash, totaling 164.4 million, and access to sufficient capital, providing ample liquidity and flexibility to continue to maintain our balanced capital allocation strategy. At December 31, 2022, 589.9 million of the existing 900.0 million senior revolving credit facility was unused, including letters of credit issued under the facility. The facility also provides an accordion feature that allows the Company to access an additional 400.0 million of capacity pending approval by MSA s board of directors and from the bank group. The Company believes our healthy balance sheet and access to significant capital at the year ended December 31, 2022, positions us well to navigate through challenging business conditions. 
 Operating activities. Operating activities provided cash of 157.5 million in 2022, compared to providing cash of 199.1 million in 2021. The reduced operating cash flow as compared to the same period in 2021 was primarily related to increased working capital requirements, notably increased inventory balances at year-end 2022 to support the higher backlog and accounts receivable related to stronger fourth quarter 2022 revenue. Payments for subsidiary MSA LLC's product liability claims exceeded collections from insurance companies by 27.2 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 24.1 million in 2021. On January 5, 2023, the Company divested MSA LLC and as a result, will derecognize all legacy cumulative trauma product liability reserves, related insurance assets, and associated deferred tax assets of the divested subsidiary from our balance sheet and will recognize a loss of approximately 200 million in the first quarter of 2023 and expect related cash outflows to be recognized within operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. R Q and Obra have assumed management of the divested subsidiary, including the management of its claims. The divestiture enhances operating cash flow predictability by eliminating costs associated with defending and settling the transferred claims. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Please refer to Note 20 Contingencies of the consolidated financial statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Investing activities. Investing activities used cash of 4.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to using 415.5 million in 2021. The decrease in cash used in investing activities as compared to the same period in 2021 was primarily related to the absence of acquisitions. We remain active in evaluating additional acquisition opportunities that will allow us to continue to grow in key end markets and geographies. 
 Financing activities. Financing activities used cash of 113.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to providing cash of 203.9 million in 2021. During 2022, we had net payments on long-term debt of 13.0 million as compared to net proceeds on long-term debt of 293.2 million during the same period in 2021 to fund the acquisitions of Bacharach and Bristol and buy-out our minority partner in our China business. We paid cash dividends of 71.5 million during 2022, compared to 68.6 million, exclusive of a 5.6 million dividend to our former noncontrolling interest partner in China as part of the buy-out, during 2021. We also used cash of 34.4 million during 2022 to repurchase shares, compared to using 6.2 million during the same period in 2021. In 2022, 30.4 million of our repurchase activity was related to purchases under our 2015 stock repurchase program. 
 In January 2023, we entered into a new 250 million term loan and 65 million was drawn down from our revolving credit facility to fund the divestiture of MSA LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary that, at the time of divestiture held legacy product liability claims relating to coal dust, asbestos, silica, and other exposures. Subsequent to this transaction, we have more than 500 million of availability remaining on our revolving credit facility. 
 
 CUMULATIVE TRANSLATION ADJUSTMENTS 
 The year-end position of the U.S. dollar relative to international currencies at December 31, 2022, resulted in a translation loss of 19.5 million being recorded to cumulative translation adjustments shareholders' equity account for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a translation loss of 25.4 million being recorded to the cumulative translation adjustments account during 2021. 
 
 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 We are obligated to make future payments under various contracts, including debt and lease agreements. Our significant cash obligations as of December 31, 2022, are as follows: 
 (In millions) Total 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Long-term debt 575.2 7.4 7.4 7.4 316.0 7.4 229.6 Operating leases 52.2 10.0 7.5 5.2 4.1 3.4 22.0 Inventory costing method change tax 8.0 2.7 2.7 2.6 Transition tax 2.0 0.7 1.3 Totals 637.4 20.8 18.9 15.2 320.1 10.8 251.6 
 The significant obligations table does not include obligations to taxing authorities due to uncertainty surrounding the ultimate settlement of amounts and timing of these obligations. It also does not include 315 million of variable rate debt related to the January 5, 2023, divestiture of MSA LLC. 
 We expect to meet our future debt service obligations through cash provided by operations. Approximately 308.6 million of debt payable in 2026, included in the table above, relates to our unsecured senior revolving credit facility that has a weighted average interest rate of 5.13 as of December 31, 2022. We expect to generate sufficient operating cash flow to make payments against this amount each year. To the extent that a balance remains when the facility matures in 2026, we expect to refinance the remaining balance through new borrowing facilities. Interest expense on fixed rate debt over the next five years is expected to be approximately 7.5 million in 2023, 7.3 million in 2024, 7.0 million in 2025, 6.8 million in 2026 and 6.6 million in 2027. We expect total interest expense for 2023 to be between 48 million and 50 million. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 The Company had outstanding bank guarantees and standby letters of credit with banks as of December 31, 2022 totaling 9.3 million, of which 1.5 million relate to the senior revolving credit facility. These letters of credit serve to cover customer requirements in connection with certain sales orders and insurance companies. The Company is also required to provide cash collateral in connection with certain arrangements. At December 31, 2022, the Company has 1.5 million of restricted cash in support of these arrangements. 
 We expect to make net contributions of 8.2 million to our pension plans in 2023 which are primarily associated with our International segment. We have not been required to make contributions to our U.S. based qualified defined benefit pension plan in many years. 
 We have purchase commitments for materials, supplies, services and property, plant and equipment as part of our ordinary conduct of business. 
 Please refer to Note 20 Contingencies to the consolidated financial statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further discussion on the Company's product liabilities. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the related disclosures. We evaluate these estimates and judgments on an on-going basis based on historical experience and various assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. However, different amounts could be reported if we had used different assumptions and in light of different facts and circumstances. Actual amounts could differ from the estimates and judgments reflected in our consolidated financial statements. A summary of the Company's significant accounting policies is included in Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 The more critical judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements are discussed in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. During 2021, the Company made acquisitions that raised business combinations to a critical accounting policy and estimate. There were no business combinations during 2022. 
 Business combinations. In accordance with the accounting guidance for business combinations, the Company uses the acquisition method of accounting to allocate costs of acquired businesses to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the dates of acquisition. The excess costs of acquired businesses over the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed will be recognized as goodwill. The valuations of the acquired assets and liabilities will impact the determination of future operating results. In addition to using management estimates and negotiated amounts, the Company uses a variety of information sources to determine the estimated fair values of acquired assets and liabilities including: third-party appraisals for the estimated value and lives of identifiable intangible assets and property, plant and equipment; third-party actuaries for the estimated obligations of defined benefit pension plans and similar benefit obligations; and legal counsel or other experts to assess the obligations associated with legal, environmental and other contingent liabilities. 
 The business and technical judgment of management was used in determining which intangible assets have indefinite lives and in determining the useful lives of finite-lived intangible assets in accordance with the accounting guidance for goodwill and other intangible assets. 
 Cumulative trauma product liability. The Company and its subsidiaries face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability claims arising from the alleged failure of our products to prevent the types of personal injury or death against which they are designed to protect. Product liability claims are categorized as either single incident or cumulative trauma. 
 Single incident product liability claims involve incidents of short duration that are typically known when they occur and involve observable injuries, which provide a more objective basis for quantifying damages. The Company estimates its subsidiaries' liability for single incident product liability claims based on expected settlement costs for asserted single incident product liability claims and an estimate of costs for single incident product liability claims incurred but not reported ("IBNR"). Single incident product liability exposures are evaluated on an annual basis, or more frequently if changing circumstances warrant. Adjustments are made to the reserve as appropriate. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Cumulative trauma product liability claims involve exposures to harmful substances that occurred over many years and may have developed over long periods of time into diseases. In the case of MSA LLC, the subsidiary's combined cumulative trauma product liability reserve is based upon estimates of its liability for asserted and IBNR cumulative trauma product liability claims. In addition, in connection with finalizing and reporting the Company's results of operations, management works annually (unless significant changes in trends or new developments warrant an earlier review) with an outside valuation consultant and outside legal counsel to review MSA LLC's potential exposure to all cumulative trauma product liability claims. Each of these factors may increase or decrease significantly within an individual period depending on, among other things, the timing of claims filings or settlements, or litigation outcomes during a particular period that are especially favorable or unfavorable to MSA LLC. We accordingly consider MSA LLC s claims experience over multiple periods and/or whether there are changes in MSA LLC s claims experience and trends that are likely to continue for a significant time into the future in determining whether to make an adjustment to the reserve, rather than evaluating such factors solely in the short term. 
 Please refer to Note 20 Contingencies to the consolidated financial statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further discussion on the Company's product liabilities and divestiture of MSA LLC on January 5, 2023. 
 Income taxes. We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates to record the tax effect of temporary differences between the book and tax basis of recorded assets and liabilities. We record valuation allowances to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts that we estimate are probable to be realized. When assessing the need for valuation allowances, we consider projected future taxable income and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. Should a change in circumstances lead to a change in our judgments about the realizability of deferred tax assets in future years, we adjust the related valuation allowances in the period that the change in circumstances occurs. 
 We record an estimated income tax liability based on our best judgment of the amounts likely to be paid in the various tax jurisdictions in which we operate. We record tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return when such benefits meet a more likely than not threshold. We recognize interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense and penalties in operating expenses. The tax liabilities ultimately paid are dependent on a number of factors, including the resolution of tax audits, and may differ from the amounts recorded. Tax liabilities are adjusted through income when it becomes probable that the actual liability differs from the amount recorded. 
 Pensions and other post-retirement benefits. We sponsor certain pension and other post-retirement benefit plans. Accounting for the net periodic benefit costs and credits for these plans requires us to estimate the cost of benefits to be provided well into the future and to attribute these costs over the expected work life of the employees participating in these plans. These estimates require our judgment about discount rates used to determine these obligations, expected returns on plan assets, rates of future compensation increases, rates of increase in future health care costs, participant withdrawal and mortality rates and participant retirement ages. Differences between our estimates and actual results may significantly affect the cost of our obligations under these plans and could cause net periodic benefit costs and credits to change materially from year-to-year. Discount rates and plan asset valuations are point-in-time measures. The discount rate assumptions used in determining projected benefit obligations for our U.S. and foreign plans were based on the spot rate method at December 31, 2022. 
 Expected returns on plan assets are based on capital market expectations by asset class. 
 The following table summarizes the impact of changes in significant actuarial assumptions on our December 31, 2022 actuarial valuations. 
 Impact of Changes in Actuarial Assumptions Change in Discount Rate Change in Expected Return Change in Market Value of Assets (In thousands) 1 (1) 1 (1) 5 (5) (Decrease) increase in net benefit cost (7,875) 9,942 (5,682) 5,682 (1,482) 1,333 (Decrease) increase in projected benefit obligation (61,274) 77,324 Increase (decrease) in funded status 61,274 (77,324) 25,853 (25,853) 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Goodwill and Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets. On October 1st of each year, or more frequently if indicators of impairment exist or if a decision is made to sell a business, we evaluate goodwill for impairment. Such indicators may include a decline in expected cash flows, a significant adverse change in the business climate, unanticipated competition, slower growth rates, or negative developments in equity and credit markets, among others. 
 All goodwill is assigned to and evaluated for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment. The evaluation of impairment involves using either a qualitative or quantitative approach as outlined in Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 350. In 2022, we performed a quantitative test at October 1, 2022. Quantitative testing involves comparing the estimated fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. We estimate reporting unit fair value using a weighted average of fair values determined by discounted cash flow ("DCF") and market approach methodologies, as we believe both are important indicators of fair value. A number of assumptions and estimates are involved in the application of the DCF model, including sales volumes and prices, costs to produce, tax rates, capital spending, discount rates, and working capital changes. Cash flow forecasts are generally based on approved business unit operating plans for the early years and historical relationships in later years. The market approach methodology measures value through an analysis of peer companies. The analysis entails measuring the multiples of EBITDA at which peer companies are trading. 
 In the event the carrying value is in excess of the estimated fair value of a reporting unit per the weighted average of the DCF and market approach models, an impairment loss equal to such excess would be recognized, which could materially and adversely affect reported consolidated results of operations and shareholders equity. At October 1, 2022, based on our quantitative test, the fair values of each of our reporting units exceeded their respective carrying value by at least 42 . 
 The intangible asset with an indefinite life is also subject to impairment testing on October 1st of each year, or more frequently if indicators of impairment exist. The impairment test compares the fair value of the intangible asset with its carrying amount. We perform a quantitative assessment of the indefinite lived trade name intangible asset as outlined in ASC 350 by comparing the estimated fair value of the trade name intangible asset to its carrying value. We estimate the fair value using the relief from royalty income approach. A number of significant assumptions and estimates are involved in the application of the relief from royalty model, including sales volumes and prices, royalty rates and tax rates. Forecasts are based on sales generated by the underlying trade name assets and are generally based on approved business unit operating plans for the early years and historical relationships in later years. At October 1, 2022, based on our quantitative test, the fair value of the trade name asset exceeded its carrying value by approximately 37 . 
 
 RECENTLY ADOPTED AND RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
 None 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Market risk represents the risk of adverse changes in the value of a financial instrument caused by changes in currency exchange rates, interest rates and equity prices. We are exposed to market risks related to currency exchange rates and interest rates. 
 Currency exchange rates. We are subject to the effects of fluctuations in currency exchange rates on various transactions and on the translation of the reported financial position and operating results of our non-U.S. companies from local currencies to U.S. dollars. A hypothetical 10 strengthening or weakening of the U.S. dollar would increase or decrease our reported sales and net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 by approximately 62.8 million and 6.5 million, or 4.1 and 3.6 , respectively. 
 When appropriate, we may attempt to limit our transactional exposure to changes in currency exchange rates through forward contracts or other actions intended to reduce existing exposures by creating offsetting currency exposures. At December 31, 2022, we had open foreign currency forward contracts with a U.S. dollar notional value of 103.0 million. A hypothetical 10 increase in December 31, 2022 forward exchange rates would result in a 10.3 million increase in the fair value of these contracts. 
 Interest rates. We are exposed to changes in interest rates primarily as a result of borrowing and investing activities used to maintain liquidity and fund business operations. Because of the relatively short maturities of temporary investments and the variable rate nature of our revolving credit facility, these financial instruments are reported at carrying values which approximate fair values. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 266.5 million of fixed rate debt which matures at various dates through 2036. The incremental increase in the fair value of fixed rate long-term debt resulting from a hypothetical 10 decrease in interest rates would be approximately 8.0 million. However, our sensitivity to interest rate declines and the corresponding increase in the fair value of our debt portfolio would unfavorably affect earnings and cash flows only to the extent that we elected to repurchase or retire all or a portion of our fixed rate debt portfolio at prices above carrying values. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 308.6 million of variable rate borrowings under our revolving credit facility. A 50 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates could have a 1.4 million impact on future pre-tax earnings under our current capital structure. A 50 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates could have a 3.0 million impact on future pre-tax earnings when the additional 315.0 million of variable rate debt undertaken to complete the MSA, LLC divestiture is taken into account. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Management s Reports to Shareholders 
 Management s Report on Responsibility for Financial Reporting 
 Management of MSA Safety Incorporated (the Company) is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report. The consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and include amounts that are based on the best estimates and judgments of management. The other financial information contained in this annual report is consistent with the consolidated financial statements. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessment and those criteria, management has concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company's independent registered public accounting firm that audited the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report issued an attestation report on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 /s/ NISHAN J. VARTANIAN Nishan J. Vartanian Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer /s/ LEE B. MCCHESNEY Lee B. McChesney Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 February 16, 2023 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of MSA Safety Incorporated 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited MSA Safety Incorporated s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, MSA Safety Incorporated (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows, and changes in retained earnings, accumulated other comprehensive loss and noncontrolling interests for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) 2 and our report dated February 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ 

February 16, 2023 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of MSA Safety Incorporated 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of MSA Safety Incorporated (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows, and changes in retained earnings, accumulated other comprehensive loss and noncontrolling interests for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) 2 (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Valuation of cumulative trauma product liability claims Description of the Matter As more fully described in Notes 1 and 20 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company's subsidiary MSA LLC is named as a defendant in lawsuits comprised of cumulative trauma product liability claims involving potential exposures to substances that are alleged to have occurred over a number of years. In recent periods, this has included asbestos, silica and coal dust claims. It is probable that MSA LLC will incur losses related to asserted and incurred but not reported (IBNR) claims and that the amount of losses can be reasonably estimated. At December 31, 2022, the Company s reserve for cumulative trauma product liability claims was 395.1 million, representing its best estimate of the expected losses related to these claims. 
 
 Auditing management s accounting for and disclosure of loss contingencies arising from cumulative trauma product liability claims was especially challenging, as the estimate of probable loss is highly subjective. In particular, the estimate was sensitive to significant assumptions that included, among others, the number of claims asserted against MSA LLC and the counsel asserting those claims, the percentage of claims resolved through settlement and the values of settlements paid to claimants. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of relevant internal controls over the Company s assessment and measurement of its estimate of probable loss for its subsidiary's cumulative trauma product liability claims. Our audit procedures included testing controls over the Company s assessment and measurement of the best estimate of the expected losses related to cumulative trauma product liability claims. 
 
 To test the Company s assessment of its subsidiary's cumulative trauma product liability claims, we performed audit procedures which included, among others: reading the minutes of the meetings of the committees of the board of directors, requesting and receiving internal and external legal counsel letters, meeting with internal and external counsel to discuss the claims, meeting with management s valuation consultant, testing the completeness and accuracy of data from underlying systems that are used in the Company s assessment, performing a historical lookback analysis on claims data, performing a search for new or contrary evidence affecting the assessment, and obtaining a representation letter from the Company. Additional audit procedures to test the Company s valuation of the expected losses related to cumulative trauma product liability claims included: evaluating significant assumptions underlying the estimate, including the number of claims asserted against MSA LLC and the counsel asserting those claims, the percentage of claims resolved through settlement and the values of settlements paid to claimants. We engaged our actuarial specialists to assist in the analysis of the significant assumptions and methodology used by management. Our procedures also included evaluating the sufficiency of the Company s disclosures with respect to cumulative trauma product liability claims described in Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 
 
 Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 
 February 16, 2023 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 MSA SAFETY INCORPORATED 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 Year ended December 31, (In thousands, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Cost of products sold Gross profit Selling, general and administrative Research and development Restructuring charges (Note 3) Currency exchange losses, net Product liability expense (Note 20) Operating income Interest expense Other income, net (Note 16) ) ) ) Total other expense (income), net ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes (Note 10) Net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net income attributable to MSA Safety Incorporated Earnings per share attributable to MSA Safety Incorporated common shareholders (Note 9): Basic Diluted Dividends per common share 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 MSA SAFETY INCORPORATED 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Year ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments (Note 6) ) ) Pension and post-retirement plan actuarial gains, net of tax (Note 6) Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities (Note 6) ) ) Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss into net income (Note 6) Total other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) Comprehensive income Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to MSA Safety Incorporated 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 MSA SAFETY INCORPORATED 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, (In thousands, except share amounts) 2022 2021 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Trade receivables, less allowance for credit loss of and 
 Inventories (Note 4) Investments, short-term (Note 19) Prepaid income taxes Notes receivable, insurance companies (Note 20) Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net (Note 5) Operating lease right-of-use assets, net (Note 17) Prepaid pension cost (Note 15) Deferred tax assets (Note 10) Goodwill (Note 13) Intangible assets, net (Note 13) Notes receivable, insurance companies, noncurrent (Note 20) Insurance receivable (Note 20) and other noncurrent assets Total assets Liabilities Notes payable and current portion of long-term debt (Note 12) Accounts payable Employees compensation Insurance and product liability (Note 20) Income taxes payable (Note 10) Accrued restructuring (Note 3) and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net (Note 12) Pensions and other employee benefits (Note 15) Noncurrent operating lease liabilities (Note 17) Deferred tax liabilities (Note 10) Product liability (Note 20) and other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 20) Shareholders' Equity Preferred stock, cumulative, par value (Note 7) 
 Common stock, no par value shares authorized; shares issued; and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Treasury shares, at cost (Note 7) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss (Note 6) ) ) Retained earnings Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 MSA SAFETY INCORPORATED 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Year ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities Net income Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation (Note 11) Pension (income) expense (Note 15) and other charges ) Deferred income tax benefit (Note 10) ) ) Loss on asset write-down and dispositions, net Pension contributions (Note 15) ) ) ) Currency exchange losses, net (Note 6) Product liability expense (Note 20) Collections on insurance receivable and notes receivable, insurance companies (Note 20) Product liability payments (Note 20) ) ) ) Changes in: Trade receivables 
 ) Inventories (Note 4) ) ) ) Accounts payable ) Other current assets and liabilities ) Other noncurrent assets and liabilities 
 ) ) Cash Flow From Operating Activities Investing Activities Capital expenditures ) ) ) Purchase of short-term investments (Note 19) ) ) ) Proceeds from maturities of short-term investments (Note 19) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired (Note 14) ) Property disposals and other investing ) ) Cash Flow Used In Investing Activities ) ) ) Financing Activities Payments on long-term debt (Note 12) ) ) ) Proceeds from long-term debt (Note 12) Debt issuance costs ) Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Acquisition of noncontrolling interests in consolidated subsidiaries (Note 14) ) Distribution to noncontrolling interests (Note 14) ) Company stock purchases (Note 7) ) ) ) Exercise of stock options (Note 7) Employee stock purchase plan (Note 7) Cash Flow (Used In) Provided by Financing Activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Beginning cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Ending cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Supplemental cash flow information: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash included in prepaid expenses and other current assets Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Interest paid in cash Income tax paid in cash 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 MSA SAFETY INCORPORATED 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN RETAINED EARNINGS, 
 ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS AND NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Noncontrolling Interests Balances at January 1, 2020 ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments Pension and post-retirement plan adjustments, net of tax benefit 
 Unrecognized net losses on available-for-sale securities (Note 19) ) Reclassification of currency translation from accumulated other comprehensive loss into net income (Note 6) (Income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Common dividends per share) 
 ) Preferred dividends per share) 
 ) Balances at December 31, 2020 ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Pension and post-retirement plan adjustments, net of tax benefit 
 Unrecognized net losses on available-for-sale securities (Note 19) ) Reclassification of currency translation from accumulated other comprehensive loss into net income (Note 6) (Income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Acquisition of noncontrolling interests in consolidated subsidiaries ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests (Note 14) ) Common dividends per share) 
 ) Preferred dividends per share) 
 ) Balances at December 31, 2021 ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Pension and post-retirement plan adjustments, net of tax benefit 
 Unrecognized net gains on available-for-sale securities (Note 19) Reclassification of currency translation from accumulated other comprehensive loss into net income (Note 6) Common dividends per share) 
 ) Preferred dividends per share) 
 ) Balances at December 31, 2022 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 MSA SAFETY INCORPORATED 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Note 1 

See Note 14 Acquisitions for further detail. 
 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These funds are valued at net asset value NAV ). These funds are required to price and transact at a NAV per share that fluctuates based upon the pricing of the underlying portfolio of securities. This requirement may impact the value of these fund shares. 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These balances were used to support letter of credit balances. 
 months of consumption and any inventory identified as obsolete. 
 
 to years, and machinery and equipment to years. Expenditures for significant renewals and improvements are capitalized. Ordinary repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Gains or losses on property dispositions are included in other (income) expense, net and the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts. Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. Properties, plant, and equipment are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets or asset groups may not be recoverable. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 million, million and million of software development costs capitalized. The Company has unamortized computer software development costs of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, included in property, plant and equipment, net. 
 , beginning in the period in which the software is ready for its intended use or when the upgrade or enhancement is deployed. Software development cost depreciation expense was million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 million and million were included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets and Insurance receivable and other noncurrent assets, respectively, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022. The portion in Insurance receivable and other noncurrent assets at December 31, 2022 is expected to be collected over the next . 
 impairments were identified during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 Goodwill is not amortized, but is subject to impairment assessments. On October 1st of each year, or more frequently if indicators of impairment exist or if a decision is made to sell a business, we evaluate goodwill for impairment. Judgment is involved in determining if an indicator of impairment has occurred. Such indicators may include a decline in expected cash flows, a significant adverse change in the business climate, unanticipated competition, slower growth rates, or negative developments in equity and credit markets, among others. 
 All goodwill is assigned to and evaluated for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment. The evaluation of impairment involves using either a qualitative or quantitative approach as outlined in ASC Topic 350. In 2022, we performed a two-step quantitative test at October 1, 2022. Step 1 of the quantitative testing involves comparing the estimated fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. We estimate reporting unit fair value using a weighted average of fair values determined by discounted cash flow ("DCF") and market approach methodologies, as we believe both are important indicators of fair value. A number of assumptions and estimates are involved in the application of the DCF model, including sales volumes and prices, costs to produce, tax rates, capital spending, discount rates, and working capital changes. Cash flow forecasts are generally based on approved reporting unit operating plans for the early years and historical relationships in later years. The market approach methodology measures value through an analysis of peer companies. The analysis entails measuring the multiples of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (" EBITDA") at which peer companies are trading. 
 There has been impairment of our goodwill during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 

47 

Table of Contents 

. 

Please refer to Note 20 Contingencies for further details on product liability related matters. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Note 2 
 Less: cash pool borrowings ) Net cash pool position 
 
 Note 3 
 million, million and million, respectively. These charges were primarily related to our ongoing initiatives to drive profitable growth and right size our operations. 
 Americas segment restructuring charges of million during the year ended December 31, 2022, were related to various optimization activities. International segment restructuring charges of million during the year ended December 31, 2022, were primarily related to the implementation of our new European Shared Service Center in Warsaw, Poland. Corporate segment restructuring charges of million during the year ended December 31, 2022, were primarily related to programs to realign the organization and adjust our operations in response to current business conditions. 
 A total of positions were eliminated in 2022. There were positions eliminated in the Americas segment, in the International segment and in the Corporate segment. 
 Americas segment restructuring charges of million during the year ended December 31, 2021, were primarily related to integration related activities and costs associated with our global Fixed Gas Flame Detection manufacturing footprint optimization as well as programs to adjust our operations in response to current business conditions. International segment restructuring charges of million during the year ended December 31, 2021, were primarily related to our initiatives to drive profitable growth and right size our operations. Corporate segment restructuring charges of million during the year ended December 31, 2021, were primarily related to programs to adjust our operations in response to current business conditions. 
 A total of positions were eliminated in 2021. There were positions eliminated in the Americas segment, in the International segment, and in the Corporate segment. 
 Americas segment restructuring charges of million during the year ended December 31, 2020, were related to costs associated with our global Fixed Gas Flame Detection manufacturing footprint optimization as well as programs to adjust our operations in response to current business conditions. International segment restructuring charges of million during the year ended December 31, 2020, were primarily related to severance costs for staff reductions and footprint optimization associated with our ongoing initiatives to drive profitable growth. Corporate segment restructuring charges of million during the year ended December 31, 2020, were primarily related to programs to adjust our operations in response to current business conditions. 
 A total of positions were eliminated in 2020. There were positions eliminated in the Americas segment, in the International segment, and 3 in the Corporate segment. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Restructuring charges Currency translation and other adjustments ) Cash payments / utilization ) ) ) ) Reserve balances at December 31, 2020 Restructuring charges Currency translation and other adjustments ) ) ) Cash payments / utilization ) ) ) ) Reserve balances at December 31, 2021 Restructuring charges Currency translation and other adjustments ) ) Cash payments / utilization ) ) ) ) Reserve balances at December 31, 2022 

Note 4 
 Work in process Raw materials and supplies Total inventories 
 
 Note 5 
 Buildings Machinery and equipment Construction in progress Total Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Note 6) ) ) Unrecognized net actuarial (losses) gains ) ) Tax benefit (expense) ) Total other comprehensive (loss) gain before reclassifications, net of tax ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss into net income: Amortization of prior service credit (Note 15) ) ) ) Recognized net actuarial losses (Note 15) Tax benefit ) ) ) Total amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, into net income Total other comprehensive income Balance at end of period ) ) ) Available-for-sale securities Balance at beginning of period ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities (Note 19) ) ) Balance at end of period ) ) ) Foreign currency translation Balance at beginning of period ) ) ) Reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive loss into net income (b) 
 (c) 
 Acquisition of noncontrolling interests in consolidated subsidiaries ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Balance at end of period ) ) ) 
 (a) Reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive loss and into net income are included in the computation of net periodic pension and other post-retirement benefit costs (refer to Note 15 Pensions and Other Post-retirement Benefits). 
 (b) Included in Currency exchange losses, net, within the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 (c) Reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive loss and into net income relate primarily to the approval of our plan to close a foreign subsidiary. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Note 7 
 shares of par value cumulative preferred nonvoting stock which is callable at . There were shares issued and shares held in treasury at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Treasury shares at cost line of the Consolidated Balance Sheets includes million related to preferred stock. There were shares of preferred stock purchased and subsequently held in treasury during the years ended December 31, 2022, or 2021. The Company has also authorized shares of par value second cumulative preferred voting stock. shares have been issued as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 Common Stock - The Company has authorized shares of par value common stock. There were shares issued as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. There were and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Treasury Shares - The Company's stock repurchase program authorizes up to million to repurchase MSA common stock in the open market and in private transactions. The share repurchase program has no expiration date. The maximum number of shares that may be purchased is calculated based on the dollars remaining under the program and the respective month-end closing share price. Under the program, there were shares repurchased during 2022, shares repurchased during 2021 and shares repurchased during 2020. We do not have any other share repurchase programs. There were and Treasury shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company issues Treasury shares for all stock based benefit plans. Shares are issued from Treasury at the average Treasury share cost on the date of the transaction. There were and Treasury shares issued for these purposes during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Restricted stock awards ) Restricted stock expense Restricted stock forfeitures ) Stock options exercised Stock option expense Stock option forfeitures ) Performance stock issued ) Performance stock expense Performance stock forfeitures ) Employee stock purchase plan Treasury shares purchased ) ) Share repurchase program ) ) Balances December 31, 2020 ) ) Restricted stock awards ) Restricted stock expense Restricted stock forfeitures ) Stock options exercised Stock option expense Stock option forfeitures ) Performance stock issued ) Performance stock expense Employee stock purchase plan Treasury shares purchased ) ) Acquisition of noncontrolling interests in consolidated subsidiaries ) Balances December 31, 2021 ) ) Restricted stock awards ) Restricted stock expense Restricted stock forfeitures ) Stock options exercised Stock option expense Performance stock issued ) Performance stock expense Performance stock forfeitures ) Employee stock purchase plan Treasury shares purchased ) ) Share repurchase program ) ) Balances December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Note 8 
 geographical operating segments that are based on management responsibilities: Northern North America, Latin America, Europe, Middle East Africa, and Asia Pacific. The operating segments have been aggregated (based on economic similarities, the nature of their products, end-user markets and methods of distribution) into reportable segments: Americas, International, and Corporate. 
 The Americas segment is comprised of our operations in North America and Latin America geographies. The International segment is comprised of our operations in all geographies outside of the Americas. Certain global expenses are allocated to each segment in a manner consistent with where the benefits from the expenses are derived. 
 The Company's sales are allocated to each segment based primarily on the country destination of the end-customer. 
 Adjusted operating income (loss), adjusted operating margin, adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) and adjusted EBITDA margin are the measures used by the chief operating decision maker to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources. Adjusted operating income (loss) is defined as operating income excluding restructuring charges, currency exchange gains (losses), product liability expense, acquisition related costs, including acquisition related amortization. Adjusted operating margin is defined as adjusted operating income (loss) divided by segment net sales to external customers. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as adjusted operating income (loss) plus depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA margin is defined as adjusted EBITDA divided by segment net sales to external customers. 
 The accounting principles applied at the operating segment level in determining operating income (loss) are generally the same as those applied at the consolidated financial statement level. Sales and transfers between operating segments are accounted for at market-based transaction prices and are eliminated in consolidation. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Operating income Restructuring charges (Note 3) Currency exchange losses, net (Note 6) Product liability expense (Note 20) Acquisition related costs (a) (Note 14) 
 Adjusted operating income (loss) ) Adjusted operating margin Depreciation and amortization Adjusted EBITDA ) Adjusted EBITDA margin Noncash items: Pension (income) expense ) ) Total Assets Capital expenditures 2021 Net sales to external customers Operating income Restructuring charges (Note 3) Currency exchange losses, net (Note 6) Product liability expense (Note 20) Acquisition related costs (a) (Note 14) 
 Adjusted operating income (loss) ) Adjusted operating margin Depreciation and amortization Adjusted EBITDA ) Adjusted EBITDA margin Noncash items: Pension (income) expense ) Total Assets Capital expenditures 2020 Net sales to external customers Operating income Restructuring charges (Note 3) Currency exchange losses, net (Note 6) Product liability expense (Note 20) Acquisition related costs (a) (Note 14) 
 COVID-19 related costs Adjusted operating income (loss) ) Adjusted operating margin Depreciation and amortization Adjusted EBITDA ) Adjusted EBITDA margin Noncash items: Pension expense Total Assets ) Capital expenditures 
 (a) Acquisition related costs include advisory, legal, accounting, valuation, and other professional or consulting fees incurred during due diligence and integration. These costs are included in Selling, general and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Acquisition-related costs also include the acquisition related amortization, which is included in Cost of products sold in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 (1) Reconciling items consist primarily of intercompany eliminations and items not directly attributable to operating segments. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Other Total 
 Other Total 
 Fixed Gas Flame Detection (a) 
 Firefighter Helmets Protective Apparel (b) 
 Portable Gas Detection Industrial Head Protection Fall Protection Other (c) 
 Total 2021 Consolidated Americas International (In thousands) Dollars Percent Dollars Percent Dollars Percent Breathing Apparatus Fixed Gas Flame Detection (a) 
 Firefighter Helmets Protective Apparel (b) 
 Portable Gas Detection Industrial Head Protection Fall Protection Other (c) 
 Total 2020 Consolidated Americas International (In thousands) Dollars Percent Dollars Percent Dollars Percent Breathing Apparatus Fixed Gas Flame Detection Firefighter Helmets Protective Apparel Portable Gas Detection Industrial Head Protection Fall Protection Other (c) 
 Total 
 (a) Fixed Gas Flame Detection include sales from the Bacharach acquisition from July 1, 2021 onward (Americas and International). 
 (b) Firefighter Helmets Protective Apparel include sales from the Bristol acquisition from January 25, 2021 onward (International). 
 (c) Other products include sales of Air Purifying Respirators. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Note 9 
 Preferred stock dividends ) ) ) Net income available to common equity Dividends and undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities ) ) ) Net income available to common shareholders Basic weighted-average shares outstanding Stock options and other stock-based awards Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding Antidilutive stock options Earnings per share: Basic Diluted 
 
 Note 10 
 ) Non-U.S. income Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Current Federal State Non-U.S. Total current provision Deferred Federal ) ) State ) ) Non-U.S. ) ) ) Total deferred provision (benefit) ) ) Provision for income taxes 
 On June 10, 2021 the United Kingdom ("U.K.") Parliament announced royal assent for Bill No. 12, on the Finance Act of 2021. This bill will increase the statutory rate from 19 to 25 in April 2023. The Company recorded this impact on its deferred tax balances in the second quarter of 2021. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 State income taxes-U.S. ) Nondeductible compensation Valuation allowances Foreign exchange on entity closures ) Taxes on non-U.S. income ) Employee share-based payments ) ) ) Research and development credit ) ) ) Taxes on non-U.S. income - U.S., Canadian European reorganization Other ) Effective income tax rate 
 Capitalized research and development Net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards Accrued expenses and other reserves Share-based compensation Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowances ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities Goodwill and intangibles ) ) Property, plant and equipment ) ) Employee benefits ) ) Inventory ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred taxes ) 
 At December 31, 2022, we had net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million. All net operating loss carryforwards without a valuation allowance may be carried forward for a period of at least . 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Adjustments for tax positions related to the current year Adjustments for tax positions related to prior years Settlements ) Statute expiration ) Ending balance 
 The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would reduce our future effective tax rate. We have recognized tax benefits associated with these liabilities in the amount of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 We recognize interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense and penalties in operating expenses. Our liability for accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 We are subject to regular review and audit by both foreign and domestic tax authorities. While we believe our tax positions will be sustained, the final outcome of tax audits and related litigation may differ materially from the tax amounts recorded in our consolidated financial statements. 
 We file a U.S. federal income tax return along with various state and foreign income tax returns. Examinations of our U.S. federal returns have been completed through 2018. Various state and foreign income tax returns may be subject to tax audits for periods after 2015. 
 On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act which includes a new minimum tax on certain large corporations and an excise tax on stock buybacks. We do not anticipate this legislation will have a material impact for the company. 
 
 Note 11 
 . Stock options are exercisable beginning after the grant date. Restricted stock and restricted stock units are granted without payment to the Company and generally vest after the grant date. Restricted stock and restricted stock units are valued at the market value of the stock on the grant date. Performance stock units with a market condition are valued at an estimated fair value using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The final number of shares to be issued for performance stock units may range from to of the target award based on achieving the specified performance targets over the performance period and further range based upon the achieved market metric over the performance period. In general, unvested stock options, restricted stock and performance stock units are forfeited if the participant s employment with the Company terminates for any reason other than retirement, death or disability. We issue Treasury shares for stock option exercises and grants of restricted stock and performance stock. Please refer to Note 7 Capital Stock for further information regarding stock compensation share issuance. As of December 31, 2022, there were and shares, respectively, reserved for future grants under the management and non-employee directors equity incentive plans. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Stock options Performance stock units Total stock-compensation expense before income taxes Income tax benefit Total stock-compensation expense, net of income tax benefit 
 We did not capitalize any stock-based compensation expense, and all expense is included in Selling, general and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding December 31, 2020 Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding December 31, 2021 Exercised ) Outstanding December 31, 2022 

Stock Options Exercisable Range of Exercise Prices Shares Weighted-Average Exercise Price Remaining Life 

Cash received from the exercise of stock options was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The tax benefit we realized from these exercises was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Stock options become exercisable when they are vested. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercisable and outstanding at December 31, 2022 was million. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested at December 31, 2020 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 
 Granted Vested ) Performance adjustments Forfeited ) Unvested at December 31, 2020 Granted Vested ) Performance adjustments Unvested at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Performance adjustments ) Forfeited ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 
 The 2022 performance adjustments above relate primarily to 2019 performance unit awards that were below the performance targets when vested during 2022, including the final number of shares issued, which were of the target award based on actual results during the performance period. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the total intrinsic value of stock options exercised (the difference between the market price on the date of exercise and the option price paid to exercise the option) was million, million and million, respectively. The fair values of restricted stock vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. The fair value of performance stock units vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 On December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense. The weighted average period over which this expense is expected to be recognized was approximately years. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Note 12 
 , net of debt issuance costs 
 2021 Senior Notes payable through 2036, , net of debt issuance costs 
 2021 Senior Notes payable through 2036, , net of debt issuance costs 
 Senior revolving credit facility maturing in 2026, net of debt issuance costs Total Amounts due within one year Long-term debt, net of debt issuance costs 
 On May 24, 2021, the Company entered into a Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Revolving Credit Facility" or "Facility that extended its term through May 24, 2026 and increased the capacity to million. Under the amended agreement, the Company may elect either a Base rate of interest BASE or an interest rate based on the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ). The BASE is a daily fluctuating per annum rate equal to the highest of (i) , (ii) the Prime Rate, (iii) the Federal Funds Open Rate plus one half of one percent ), (iv) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate, plus one half of one percent ), or (v) the Daily LIBOR Rate plus one percent ). The Company pays a credit spread of to basis points based on the Company s net EBITDA leverage ratio and elected rate (BASE or LIBOR). The Company has a weighted average revolver interest rate of as of December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, million of the existing million senior revolving credit facility was unused, including letters of credit issued under the facility. The facility also provides an accordion feature that allows the Company to access an additional million of capacity pending approval by MSA s board of directors and from the bank group. 
 On July 1, 2021, the Company entered into a Third Amended and Restated Multi-Currency Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement (the Prudential Note Agreement with PGIM, Inc. Prudential ). The Prudential Note Agreement provided for (i) the issuance of million of Series C Senior Notes due July 1, 2036 and (ii) the establishment of an uncommitted note issuance facility whereby the Company may request, subject to Prudential s acceptance in its sole discretion, the issuance of up to million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had issued million (approximately million at December 31, 2022) of Series B Senior Notes due January 22, 2031. 
 On July 1, 2021, the Company entered into a Second Amended and Restated Master Note Facility (the NYL Note Facility with NYL Investors. The NYL Note Facility provided for (i) the issuance of million of Series A Senior Notes due July 1, 2036 and (ii) the establishment of an uncommitted note issuance facility whereby the Company may request, subject to NYL Investors acceptance in its sole discretion, the issuance of up to million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes. 
 The Revolving Credit Facility, Prudential Note Agreement and NYL Note Facility require the Company to comply with specified financial covenants, including a requirement to maintain a minimum fixed charges coverage ratio of not less than to 1.00 and a consolidated leverage ratio not to exceed to 1.00; except during an acquisition period, defined as four consecutive fiscal quarters beginning with the quarter of acquisition, in which case the consolidated net leverage ratio shall not exceed to 1.00; in each case calculated on the basis of the trailing four fiscal quarters. In addition, the agreements contain negative covenants limiting the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness or issue guarantees, create or incur liens, make loans and investments, make acquisitions, transfer or sell assets, enter into transactions with affiliated parties, make changes in its organizational documents that are materially adverse to lenders or modify the nature of the Company's or its subsidiaries' business. All credit facilities exclude the subsidiary, Mine Safety Appliances Company, LLC. 
 On July 1, 2021, the Company acquired Bacharach in a transaction valued at million, net of cash acquired. The acquisition was partially financed by million of Senior Notes from the Prudential Note Agreement and NYL Note Facility. The remaining purchase price was financed under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027 and million thereafter. 
 The Company had outstanding bank guarantees and standby letters of credit with banks as of December 31, 2022, totaling million, of which million relate to the senior revolving credit facility. The letters of credit serve to cover customer requirements in connection with certain sales orders and insurance companies. The Company is also required to provide cash collateral in connection with certain arrangements. At December 31, 2022, the Company has million of restricted cash in support of these arrangements. 
 In January 2023, we entered into a new million term loan and million was drawn down from our revolving credit facility to fund the divestiture of MSA LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary that holds legacy product liability claims relating to coal dust, asbestos, silica, and other exposures. Please refer to Note 20 Contingencies for additional information. 
 
 Note 13 
 Additions Measurement period adjustment ) Currency translation ) ) Balance at December 31. 2022 
 At December 31, 2022, goodwill of million and million related to the Americas and International reportable segments, respectively. 
 Additions Amortization expense ) ) Currency translation ) ) Net balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Distribution agreements ) ) Technology related assets ) ) Patents, trademarks and copyrights ) ) License agreements ) ) Other ) ) Total ) ) 
 At December 31, 2022, the above intangible assets balance includes a trade name related to the Globe acquisition with an indefinite life totaling million. 
 million in both 2023 and 2024 and million annually from 2025 to 2027. 
 
 Note 14 
 of the common stock of Bacharach in an all cash transaction valued at million, net of cash acquired. 
 Headquartered near Pittsburgh in New Kensington, PA, Bacharach is a leader in gas detection technologies used in the heating, ventilation, air conditioning, and refrigeration ("HVAC-R") markets. This acquisition expanded MSA s gas detection portfolio and leverages MSA s product and manufacturing expertise into new markets. 
 Bacharach's operating results are included in our consolidated financial statements from the acquisition date within the Americas, International and Corporate reportable segments. The acquisition qualified as a business combination and was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting. 
 million) 
 Property, plant and equipment and other noncurrent assets Customer relationships Developed technology Trade name Goodwill Total assets acquired Total liabilities assumed ) Net assets acquired 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 years, to years and years, respectively. The step up to fair value of acquired inventory as part of the purchase price allocation totaled million. The amortization of the inventory step up was included in Cost of products sold in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Goodwill is calculated as the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired and represents the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized. Among the factors that contributed to a purchase price in excess of the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired were the acquisition of an assembled workforce, the expected synergies and other benefits that we believe will result from combining the operations of Bacharach with our operations. Goodwill of million related to the Bacharach acquisition was recorded, with million and million allocated to the Americas reportable segment and International reportable segment, respectively. This Goodwill is non-deductible for tax purposes. 
 Acquisition of Bristol Uniforms and Bell Apparel 
 On January 25, 2021, we acquired of the common stock of B T Q Limited, including Bristol in an all-cash transaction valued at million, net of cash acquired. 
 Bristol, which is headquartered in the U.K., is a leading innovator and provider of protective apparel to the fire, rescue services, and utility sectors. The acquisition strengthens MSA's position as a global market leader in fire service personal protective equipment products, which include breathing apparatus, firefighter helmets, thermal imaging cameras, and firefighter protective apparel, while providing an avenue to expand its business in the U.K. and key European markets. Bristol is also a leading manufacturer of flame-retardant, waterproof, and other protective work wear for the utility industry. Marketed under the Bell Apparel brand, this line complements MSA's existing and broad range of offerings for the global utilities market. 
 Bristol's operating results are included in our consolidated financial statements from the acquisition date as part of the International reportable segment. The acquisition qualified as a business combination and was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting. 
 million) 
 Net investment in sales-type leases, noncurrent Property, plant and equipment and other noncurrent assets Customer relationships Trade name and other intangible assets Goodwill Total assets acquired Total liabilities assumed ) Net assets acquired 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 years. The step up to fair value of acquired inventory as part of the purchase price allocation totaled million. The amortization of the inventory step up was included in Cost of products sold in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Goodwill is calculated as the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired and represents the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized. Among the factors that contributed to a purchase price in excess of the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired were the acquisition of an assembled workforce, the expected synergies and other benefits that we believe will result from combining the operations of Bristol with our operations. Goodwill of million related to the Bristol acquisition has been recorded in the International reportable segment and is non-deductible for tax purposes. 
 The operating results of the Bristol and Bacharach acquisitions have been included in our consolidated financial statements from their respective acquisition dates. Our results for the year ended December 31, 2021, include combined net sales and net loss of million and million, respectively. 
 The following unaudited pro forma information presents our combined results as if the Bristol and Bacharach acquisitions had occurred at the beginning of 2020. The unaudited pro forma financial information was prepared to give effect to events that are (1) directly attributable to the acquisition; (2) factually supportable; and (3) expected to have a continuing impact on the combined company's results. There were no material transactions between MSA and Bristol or Bacharach during the periods presented that are required to be eliminated. The unaudited pro forma combined financial information does not reflect cost savings, operating synergies or revenue enhancements that the combined companies may achieve or the costs to integrate the operations or the costs necessary to achieve cost savings, operating synergies or revenue enhancements. 
 Pro forma combined financial information (Unaudited) 
 Net income Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share 
 The unaudited pro forma combined financial information is presented for information purposes only and is not intended to represent or be indicative of the combined results of operations or financial position that we would have reported had the acquisition been completed as of the date and for the periods presented, and should not be taken as representative of our consolidated results of operations or financial condition following the acquisition. In addition, the unaudited pro forma combined financial information is not intended to project the future results of the combined company. 
 The unaudited pro forma combined financial information was prepared using the acquisition method of accounting under existing U.S. GAAP. MSA has been treated as the acquirer. 
 Total acquisition related costs were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Transactional costs are included in Selling, general and administrative expenses and acquisition-related amortization is included in Cost of products sold in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 noncontrolling interest in MSA (China) Safety Equipment Co., Ltd. from our partner in China for million, inclusive of a million distribution. 
 
 Note 15 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Service cost Interest cost Participant contributions Plan amendments ) Actuarial gains (a) 
 ) ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Curtailments ) ) Settlements ) ) Transfers (b) 
 ) Acquisitions Currency translation ) ) Benefit obligations at December 31 Change in Plan Assets Fair value of plan assets at January 1 Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Participant contributions Acquisitions Settlements ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Transfers (b) 
 ) Administrative expenses paid ) ) Currency translation ) ) Fair value of plan assets at December 31 Funded Status Funded status at December 31 ) ) ) Unrecognized prior service credit (cost) ) ) Unrecognized net actuarial losses Net amount recognized ) ) Amounts Recognized in the Balance Sheets Noncurrent assets Current liabilities ) ) ) ) Noncurrent liabilities ) ) ) ) Net amount recognized ) ) ) Amounts Recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Net actuarial losses Prior service cost (credit) ) ) Total (before tax effects) Accumulated Benefit Obligations for all Defined Benefit Plans 
 (a) Actuarial gains for both periods relate primarily to the increase/decrease in discount rates used in measuring plan obligations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (b) Transfers consist of Netherlands defined benefit plan conversion to a defined contribution plan. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost (credit) ) ) ) Recognized net actuarial losses Settlement/curtailment (gain) loss ) ) (b) 
 (b) 
 Net periodic benefit (income) cost (a) 
 ) 
 (a) Components of net periodic benefit (income) cost other than service cost are included in the line item Other income, net, and service costs are included in the line items Cost of products sold and Selling, general and administrative in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 (b) Relates primarily to the conversion of our Netherlands pension plan into a defined contribution plan and is included in "Restructuring charges" in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 The Company utilizes a spot rate approach, which discounts the individual plan specific expected cash flows underlying the service and interest cost using the applicable spot rates derived from a yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. For plans where the discount rate is not derived from plan specific expected cash flows, the Company uses a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the projected benefit obligation at the beginning of the period for measuring both the projected benefit obligations and the service and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost for pension and other post-retirement benefits. 
 Aggregate fair value of plan assets 
 Aggregate fair value of plan assets 
 Rate of compensation increase Assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost Average discount rate - Service cost Average discount rate - Interest cost Expected return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase 
 Discount rates for all U.S. and foreign plans were determined using the aforementioned spot rate methodology for 2022 and 2021. Aside from sovereign bonds used in Mexico, the remaining plans' discount rates were determined using various corporate bonds and by matching our projected benefit obligation payment stream to current yields on high quality bonds. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Fixed income securities Pooled investment funds Cash and cash equivalents Insurance contracts Total 
 The overall objective of our pension investment strategy is to earn a rate of return over time to satisfy the benefit obligations of the pension plans and to maintain sufficient liquidity to pay benefits and meet other cash requirements of our pension funds. Investment policies for our primary U.S. pension plan are determined by the plan s Investment Committee and set forth in the plan s investment policy. Asset managers are granted discretion for determining sector mix, selecting securities and timing transactions, subject to the guidelines of the investment policy. An aggressive, flexible management of the portfolio is permitted and encouraged, with shifts of emphasis among equities, fixed income securities and cash equivalents at the discretion of each manager. No target asset allocations are set forth in the investment policy. For our non-U.S. pension plans, our investment objective is generally met through the use of pooled investment funds and insurance contracts. 
 The fair values of the Company's pension plan assets are determined using NAV as a practical expedient, or by information categorized in the fair value hierarchy level based on the inputs used to determine fair value, as further discussed in Note 19 Fair Value Measurements. 
 Fixed income securities Pooled investment funds Cash and cash equivalents Insurance contracts Total 
 The fair values of the Company's pension plan assets at December 31, 2021, were as follows: 
 Fair Value (In thousands) Total NAV Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Equity securities Fixed income securities Pooled investment funds Cash and cash equivalents Insurance contracts Total 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Net realized and unrealized gains ) Net purchases, issuances and settlements ) Balance December 31, 2021 Net realized and unrealized gains ) Net purchases, issuances and settlements Balance December 31, 2022) Prior service cost Total (before tax effects) ) 
 We expect to make net contributions of million to our pension plans in 2023, which are primarily associated with statutorily required plans in the International reporting segment. 
 For the 2022 beginning of the year measurement purposes (net periodic benefit expense), a increase in the costs of covered health care benefits was assumed, decreasing by for each successive year to in 2030 and thereafter. For the 2022 end of the year measurement purposes (benefit obligation), a increase in the costs of covered health care benefits was assumed, decreasing by approximately for each successive year to in 2032 and thereafter. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. 
 million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026 and million in 2027, and an aggregated million for the five years thereafter. Estimated other post-retirement benefits to be paid during the next five years are million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027, and an aggregated million for the five years thereafter. 
 
 Note 16 
 Interest income Loss on asset write-down and dispositions, net ) ) ) Other, net Total other income, net 
 million, million and million of other income, respectively, related to interest earned on cash balances, short-term investments and notes receivable from insurance companies. The short-term investments and notes receivables from insurance companies were divested as of January 5, 2023. Please refer to Note 20 Contingencies for further discussion on the Company's notes receivables from insurance companies. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Note 17 
 Total lease cost Other Information Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows related to operating leases Non-cash other information: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Right-of-use assets obtained in acquisitions December 31, 2022 2021 Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years): Operating leases Weighted-average discount rate: Operating leases 
 Rent expense was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We did not have any lease transactions with related parties. We did not have any significant leases not yet commenced. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 Less: Imputed interest Present value of operating lease liabilities Less: Current portion operating lease liabilities (a) 
 Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 
 (a) Included in Accrued restructuring and other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

73 

Table of Contents 

 Note 18 
 million and there were unrealized gains/losses on these contracts. All open forward contracts will mature during the first quarter of 2023. 
 Foreign exchange contracts: accrued restructuring and other current liabilities 

Note 19 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 million and million as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The fair value of our investments was million and million as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, which was reported in Investments, short-term in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The change in fair value is recorded in other comprehensive income, net of tax. The Company does not intend to sell, nor is it more likely than not that we will be required to sell, these securities prior to recovery of their cost. As such, management believes that any unrealized gains or losses are temporary and to the extent that unrealized losses are present, management has not identified such losses to be other than temporary in nature. Accordingly, impairment gains or losses relating to these securities have been recognized. All investments in marketable securities have maturities of one year or less and are currently in an unrealized loss position as of December 31, 2022. 
 million and million at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The fair value of this debt was million and million at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The fair value of this debt was determined using Level 2 inputs by evaluating similarly rated companies with publicly traded bonds where available or current borrowing rates available for financings with similar terms and maturities. 
 
 Note 20 
 million at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Single incident product liability expense was nominal for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, compared to a benefit of million for the year ended December 31, 2020. Single incident product liability exposures are evaluated on an annual basis, or more frequently if changing circumstances warrant. Adjustments are made to the reserve as appropriate. The reserve has not been discounted to present value and does not include future amounts which will be spent to defend the claims. 
 Cumulative trauma product liability claims. Cumulative trauma product liability claims involve potential exposures to substances that are alleged to have occurred over a number of years. In recent periods, this has included the asbestos, silica, and coal dust claims of one of the Company's affiliates, Mine Safety Appliances Company, LLC ("MSA LLC"). As of December 31, 2022, MSA LLC was named as a defendant in lawsuits comprised of claims. These lawsuits mainly involve respiratory protection products allegedly manufactured and sold by MSA LLC or its predecessors. The product models alleged were manufactured many years ago by MSA LLC and are no longer sold. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 New lawsuits Settled and dismissed lawsuits ) ) ) Open lawsuits, end of period 
 2022 2021 2020 Asserted claims, beginning of period New claims Settled, inactive and dismissed claims ) ) ) Asserted claims, end of period 
 As of December 31, 2022, MSA LLC is defending an action filed in 2003 by the State of West Virginia, through its Attorney General, in the Circuit Court of Lincoln County, West Virginia, against MSA LLC and two other manufacturers of respiratory protection products. The State asserts several causes of action and seeks substantial compensatory damages primarily for reimbursement of costs the State allegedly has incurred for worker s compensation and healthcare benefits provided to individuals with occupational pneumoconiosis as well as unspecified punitive damages. The State also asserts a claim under the West Virginia Consumer Credit and Protection Act CCPA ), alleging that the defendants made willful misrepresentations regarding product performance in connection with sales and advertisement of respirators in West Virginia and seeks substantial civil penalties. The claims against MSA LLC were severed from the claims against the other defendants and the trial date against MSA LLC was continued indefinitely in November 2022. No reserve has been recorded for this matter because the Company believes that liability is unsupportable under West Virginia law, and therefore, has concluded that the loss is not probable. In addition, the Company is not able to estimate a reasonably possible loss or range of reasonably possible losses given significant unresolved legal and factual matters. MSA LLC is the named defendant in this matter and responsibility for the matter passed along with the divestiture of MSA LLC on January 5, 2023. See "Subsequent Event," below. 
 Management previously established a reserve for MSA LLC's potential exposure to cumulative trauma product liability claims. Prior to divestiture of the subsidiary, as of December 31, 2022, MSA LLC's total cumulative trauma product liability reserve was million, including million for claims settled but not yet paid and related defense costs and million, including million for claims settled but not yet paid and related defense costs, as of December 31, 2021. The reserve included estimated amounts related to asserted and IBNR asbestos, silica, and coal dust claims expected to be resolved through the year 2075. The reserve was not discounted to present value and did not include estimated future amounts relating to defense of the claims. Defense costs are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income as incurred. 
 At December 31, 2022, million of the total reserve for cumulative trauma product liability claims is recorded in the Insurance and product liability line within other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet and the remainder, million, is recorded in the Product liability and other noncurrent liabilities line. At December 31, 2021, million of the total reserve for cumulative trauma product liability claims is recorded in the Insurance and product liability line within other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet and the remainder, million, is recorded in the Product liability and other noncurrent liabilities line. 
 During the quarter ended June 30, 2022, MSA LLC finalized a process that will result in settlements to resolve and dismiss several hundred claims for up to million. Amounts to resolve the unpaid portion of these claims have been accrued as part of the product liability reserve and as of December 31, 2022, million remained unpaid with the final payments made during the first quarter of 2023. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and related to updates to our cumulative trauma product liability reserve as well as the defense of cumulative trauma product liability claims for all periods. Uninsured cumulative trauma product liability losses, which were included in Product liability and other operating expense on the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, were million, million and million, respectively, and represent the total cumulative trauma product liability losses net of any estimated insurance receivables as discussed below. 
 MSA LLC's cumulative trauma product liability reserve is based upon a reasonable estimate of MSA LLC s current and potential future liability for cumulative trauma product liability claims, in accordance with applicable accounting principles. To develop a reasonable estimate of MSA LLC s potential exposure to cumulative trauma product liability claims, management performs an annual comprehensive review of MSA LLC s cumulative trauma product liability claims in consultation with an outside valuation consultant and outside legal counsel. The review process takes into account MSA LLC s historical claims experience, developments in MSA LLC s claims experience over the past year, developments in the tort system generally, and any other relevant information. Quarterly, management and outside legal counsel review whether significant new developments have occurred which could materially impact recorded amounts, and if warranted, management reviews changes with an outside valuation consultant. Adjustments to the reserve for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled million, resulting from our annual comprehensive review of MSA LLC s claims exposure, including review of activity experienced during the year. 
 The estimate of MSA LLC s potential liability for cumulative trauma product liability claims, and the corresponding reserve, are based upon numerous assumptions derived from MSA LLC s historical experience. Those assumptions include the incidence of applicable diseases in the general population, the number of claims that may be asserted against MSA LLC in the future, the years in which such claims may be asserted, the counsel asserting those claims, the percentage of claims resolved through settlement, the types and severity of illnesses alleged by claimants to give rise to their claims, the venues in which the claims are asserted, and numerous other factors, which influence how many claims may be brought against MSA LLC, whether those claims ultimately are resolved for payment, and at what values. 
 Insurance Receivable and Notes Receivable, Insurance Companies 
 Many years ago, MSA LLC purchased insurance policies from various insurance carriers that, subject to common contract exclusions, provided coverage for cumulative trauma product liability losses (the "Occurrence-Based Policies"). While we have continued to pursue reimbursement under certain remaining Occurrence-Based Policies, the vast majority of these policies have been exhausted, settled or converted into either (1) negotiated settlement agreements with scheduled payment streams (recorded as notes receivables) or (2) negotiated Coverage-in-Place Agreements (recorded as insurance receivables). As a result, MSA LLC is largely self-insured for cumulative trauma product liability claims, and additional amounts recorded as insurance receivables or notes receivables will be limited. These policies, as well as the negotiated settlement agreements and Coverage-in-Place Agreements, together with all associated receivables are property of MSA LLC, which was divested on January 5, 2023. See "Subsequent Event," below. 
 When adjustments are made to amounts recorded in the cumulative trauma product liability reserve, we calculate amounts due to be reimbursed pursuant to the terms of the negotiated Coverage-In-Place Agreements, including cumulative trauma product liability losses and related defense costs, and we record the amounts probable of reimbursement as insurance receivables. These amounts are not subject to current coverage litigation. 
 Insurance receivables at December 31, 2022 totaled million, of which million is reported in Prepaid expenses and other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheet and million is reported in Insurance receivable and other noncurrent assets. Insurance receivables at December 31, 2021 totaled million, of which million was reported in Prepaid expenses and other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheet and million was reported in Insurance receivable and other noncurrent assets. The vast majority of the million insurance receivables balance at December 31, 2022, is attributable to reimbursement believed to be due under the terms of signed Coverage-In-Place Agreements and a portion of this amount represents the estimated recovery of IBNR amounts not yet incurred. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 Additions Collections ) ) Balance end of period 
 We record formal notes receivables due from scheduled payment streams according to negotiated settlement agreements with insurers. These amounts are not subject to current coverage litigation. 
 Notes receivable from insurance companies at December 31, 2022 totaled million, of which million is reported in Notes receivable, insurance companies, current on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and million is reported in Notes receivable, insurance companies, noncurrent. Notes receivable from insurance companies at December 31, 2021, totaled million, of which million was reported in Notes receivable, insurance companies, current on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and million was reported in Notes receivable, insurance companies, noncurrent. 
 Additions Collections ) ) Balance end of period 
 The vast majority of the insurance receivables balances at both December 31, 2022 and 2021, is attributable to reimbursement under the terms of signed agreements with insurers and is not currently subject to litigation. The collectability of MSA LLC's insurance receivables and notes receivables is regularly evaluated and the Company believes that the amounts recorded are probable of collection. The determination that the recorded insurance receivables are probable of collection is based on the terms of the settlement agreements reached with the insurers, our history of collection, and the advice of MSA LLC's outside legal counsel and consultants. Various factors could affect the timing and amount of recovery of the insurance and notes receivables, including assumptions regarding various aspects of the composition and characteristics of future claims (which are relevant to calculating reimbursement under the terms of certain Coverage-In-Place Agreements) and the extent to which the issuing insurers may become insolvent in the future. 
 Subsequent Event 
 On January 5, 2023, the Company divested MSA LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary that holds legacy product liability claims relating to coal dust, asbestos, silica, and other exposures, to a joint venture between R Q Insurance Holdings Ltd. and Obra Capital, Inc. In connection with the closing, the Company contributed million in cash and cash equivalents, while R Q and Obra contributed an additional million. 
 As a result of the transaction in the first quarter of 2023, we will derecognize all legacy cumulative trauma product liability reserves, related insurance assets, and associated deferred tax assets of the divested subsidiary from our balance sheet and will recognize a loss of approximately million. R Q and Obra's joint venture has assumed management of the divested subsidiary, including the management of its claims and associated assets. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 subsidiaries of the Company, Globe Manufacturing Company, LLC ("Globe") and MSA LLC, are defending a number of lawsuits in which plaintiffs assert that certain of those entities products allegedly containing per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances PFAS have caused injury, health issues, or environmental issues. PFAS are a large class of substances that are widely used in everyday products. Specifically, Globe builds turnout gear from technical fabrics sourced from a small pool of specialty textile manufacturers. These protective fabrics have been tested and certified to meet industry standards, and some of them contain PFAS to achieve water, oil, or chemical resistance. No manufacturer of firefighter protective clothing is currently able to meet National Fire Protection Association safety standards while offering coats or pants that are completely PFAS free. 
 Globe and MSA LLC believe they have valid defenses to these lawsuits. These matters are at a very early stage with numerous factual and legal issues to be resolved. Defense costs relating to these lawsuits are recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income as incurred. Globe and MSA LLC are also pursuing insurance coverage and indemnification related to the lawsuits. The PFAS claims against MSA LLC were included in the divestiture of MSA LLC on January 5, 2023 as discussed above under the Subsequent Event header. In total, Globe was named as a defendant in lawsuits comprised of approximately claims as of February 16, 2023. 
 Product Warranty 
 The Company provides warranties on certain product sales. Product warranty reserves are established in the same period that revenue from the sale of the related products is recognized, or in the period that a specific issue arises as to the functionality of the Company's product. The determination of such reserves requires the Company to make estimates of product return rates and expected costs to repair or to replace the products under warranty. 
 The amounts of the reserves are based on established terms and the Company's best estimate of the amounts necessary to settle future and existing claims on products sold as of the balance sheet date. If actual return rates and/or repair and replacement costs differ significantly from estimates, adjustments to recognize additional cost of sales may be required in future periods. 
 Warranty payments ) ) ) Warranty claims Provision for product warranties and other adjustments ) ) ) Ending warranty reserve 
 Warranty expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively and is included in Costs of products sold on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Note 21 
 Gross profit Net income attributable to MSA Safety Incorporated Earnings per share (1) 
 Basic Diluted 
 2021 Quarters (In thousands, except earnings per share) 1st 2nd 3rd 4th Year Net sales Gross profit Net income (loss) attributable to MSA Safety Incorporated ) Earnings (loss) per share (1) 
 Basic ) Diluted ) 
 (1) Per share amounts are calculated independently for each period presented; therefore, the sum of the quarterly per share amounts may not equal the per share amounts for the year. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 (a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures . Based on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )) are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including the principal executive officer and principle financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 (b) Changes in internal control . There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 None. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 With respect to this Part III, incorporated by reference herein pursuant to Rule 12b 23 are (1) Election of Directors, (2) Executive Compensation, (3) Other Information Concerning the Board of Directors, (4) Stock Ownership, and (5) Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, appearing in the Proxy Statement filed pursuant to Regulation 14A in connection with the registrant s Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 12, 2023. The information appearing in such Proxy Statement under the caption Audit Committee Report and the other information appearing in such Proxy Statement and not specifically incorporated by reference herein is not incorporated herein. As to Item 10 above, also see the information reported in Part I of this Form 10-K, under the caption Information about our Executive Officers, which is incorporated herein by reference. As to Item 10 above, the Company has adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer and other Company officials. The text of the Code of Ethics is available on the Company s website at www.MSAsafety.com . Any amendment to, or waiver of, a required provision of the Code of Ethics that applies to the Company s principal executive, financial or accounting officer will also be posted on the Company s Internet site at that address. 
 As to Item 12 above, the following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2022 concerning common stock issuable under the Company s equity compensation plans. 
 Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 58,156 46.48 675,703 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders None None Total 58,156 46.48 675,703 
 Includes 598,813 shares available for issuance under the Amended and Restated 2016 Management Equity Incentive Plan and 76,890 shares available for issuance under the 2017 Non-Employee Directors Equity Incentive Plan. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) 1. Financial Statements and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (see Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K). 
 The following information is filed as part of this Form 10-K. 
 Page Management's Report on Responsibility for Financial Reporting and Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 36 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 37 
 Consolidated Statements of Income three years ended December 31, 2022 40 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income three years ended December 31, 2022 41 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021 42 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows three years ended December 31, 2022 43 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Retained Earnings and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income three years ended December 31, 2022 44 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 45 
 
 (a) 2. The following additional financial information for the three years ended December 31, 2022 is filed with the report and should be read in conjunction with the above financial statements: 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements and consolidated notes to the financial statements listed above. 
 (a) 3. Exhibits 
 Several of the following exhibits are incorporated herein by reference under Rule 12b-32 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as indicated next to the name of the exhibit. Several other instruments, which would otherwise be required to be listed below, have not been so listed because those instruments do not authorize securities in an amount that exceeds 10 of the total assets of the registrant and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. The registrant agrees to furnish a copy of any instrument that was so omitted on that basis to the Commission upon request. 
 3(i) Amended and restated Articles of Incorporation, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K on March 7, 2014, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 3(ii) Amended and restated By-laws of the registrant, filed as Exhibit 3.2 to Form 8-K on March 7, 2014, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 4(d) Description of MSA Safety Incorporated Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, filed as Exhibit 4(d) to Form 10-K on February 20, 2020, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 10(a) MSA Safety Incorporated Amended and Restated 2016 Management Equity Incentive Plan, filed as Appendix A to the registrant s definitive proxy statement dated March 31, 2016, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 10(b) Retirement Plan for Directors, as amended effective April 1, 2001, filed as Exhibit 10(a) to Form 10-Q on May 10, 2006, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 10(c) Supplemental Pension Plan as of May 5, 1998, filed as Exhibit 10(d) to Form 10-Q on August 12, 2003, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 10(d) Supplemental Pension Plan as amended and restated effective January 1, 2005, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q on April 30, 2009, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 10(e) 2017 Non-Employee Directors Equity Incentive Plan, filed as Exhibit A to the registrant's definitive proxy statement dated April 7, 2017, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 10(f) Executive Insurance Program as Amended and Restated as of January 1, 2006, filed as Exhibit 10(a) to Form 10-Q on August 7, 2007, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 10(g) Annual Incentive Bonus Plan as of May 5, 1998, filed as Exhibit 10(g) to Form 10-Q on August 12, 2003, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 10(h) Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, effective January 1, 2008, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q on April 30, 2009, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 10(i) Form of Change-in-Control Severance Agreement between the registrant and its executive officers, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q on April 30, 2009, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 10(j) 2003 Supplemental Savings Plan, effective January 1, 2003, filed as Exhibit 10(k) to Form 10-K on February 24, 2014, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 10(k) 2005 Supplemental Savings Plan, as amended and restated, effective June 1, 2022, is filed herewith. 
 10(l) Executive Incentive Plan, as of January 1, 2020, is filed herewith. 
 10(m) Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 24, 2021, by and among MSA Safety Incorporated, MSA UK Holdings Limited, MSA Great Britain Holdings Limited, MSA International Holdings B.V., as borrowers, various MSA subsidiaries, as guarantors, various financial institutions, as lenders, and PNC Bank National Association, as administrative agent, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8 K/A on May 26, 2021, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 10(n) Third Amended and Restated Multi-Currency Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement dated July 1, 2021 with PGIM, Inc. and the noteholders party thereto, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8 K/A on July 16, 2021, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 10(o) Second Amended and Restated Master Note Facility dated as of July 1, 2021 with NYL Investors LLC and the noteholders party thereto, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8 K/A on July 16, 2021, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 10(p) Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated May 23, 2021, by and among MSA Advanced Detection, LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company, Cardinal Merger Subsidiary, Inc., a Delaware corporation, MSA Safety Incorporated, a Pennsylvania corporation, Viking Topco, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and Laurel Solutions Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, solely in its capacity as a representative of the stockholders of Viking Topco, Inc., filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8 K on May 24, 2021, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 10(q) Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated January 5, 2023, by and among MSA Worldwide, LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company, Mine Safety Appliances Company, LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company, Sag Main Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and MSA Safety Jacksonville Manufacturing LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K on January 6, 2023, is incorporated by reference. 
 10(r) Credit Agreement, dated January 5, 2023, by and among the Company, as borrower, various Company subsidiaries, as guarantors, various financial institutions, as lenders, and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8 K on January 6, 2023, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 10(s) Amendments to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated May 24, 2021, as amended, among the Company, the other Borrowers party thereto, the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8 K on January 6, 2023, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 10(t) Amendment No. 1 and Consent to Third Amended and Restated Multicurrency Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2022, among MSA Safety Incorporated, each of the Guarantors signatory hereto, PGIM, INC. and each of the holders of Notes, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8 K on January 6, 2023, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 10(u) Amendment No. 1 and Consent to Second Amended and Restated Master Note Facility, dated as of December 30, 2022, among MSA Safety Incorporated, each of the Guarantors signatory hereto, NYL Investors LLC and each of the holders of Notes, filed as Exhibit 10.5 to Form 8 K on January 6, 2023, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 21 Affiliates of the registrant is filed herewith. 
 23 Consent of Ernst Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm is filed herewith. 
 31.1 Certification of Nishan J. Vartanian pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) is filed herewith. 
 31.2 Certification of Lee B. McChesney pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) is filed herewith. 
 32 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 is filed herewith. 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 The exhibits marked by an asterisk are management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 MSA SAFETY INCORPORATED February 16, 2023 By /s/ NISHAN J. VARTANIAN (Date) Nishan J. Vartanian Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date / S / N ISHAN J. V ARTANIAN 
 Nishan J. Vartanian 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) February 16, 2023 / S / L EE B. M C C HESNEY 
 Lee B. McChesney 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 16, 2023 / S / J ONATHAN D. B UCK 
 Jonathan D. Buck 
 Chief Accounting Officer and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) February 16, 2023 / S / R OBERT A. B RUGGEWORTH 
 Robert A. Bruggeworth 
 Director February 16, 2023 / S / G REGORY B. J ORDAN 
 Gregory B. Jordan 
 Director February 16, 2023 / S / W ILLIAM M. L AMBERT 
 William M. Lambert 
 Director February 16, 2023 / S / D IANE M. P EARSE 
 Diane M. Pearse 
 Director February 16, 2023 / S / R EBECCA B. R OBERTS 
 Rebecca B. Roberts 
 Director February 16, 2023 / S / S ANDRA P HILLIPS R OGERS 
 Sandra Phillips Rogers 
 Director February 16, 2023 / S / J OHN T. R YAN III 
 John T. Ryan III 
 Director February 16, 2023 /s/ L UCA S AVI 
 Luca Savi 
 Director February 16, 2023 / S / W ILLIAM R. S PERRY 
 William R. Sperry 
 Director February 16, 2023 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 SCHEDULE II 
 Additions Charged to costs and expenses Deductions Deductions from reserves, net (1)(2) Balance at end of year Income tax valuation allowance: Balance at beginning of year Additions Charged to costs and expenses (3) Deductions Deductions from reserves (3) Balance at end of year 
 (1) Bad debts written off, net of recoveries. 
 (2) Activity for 2022, 2021 and 2020 includes currency translation gains (losses) of , and ), respectively. 
 (3) Activity for 2022, 2021 and 2020 includes currency translation gains (losses) of , and ), respectively. 
 87 

<EX-10.K>
 2
 msa2005supplementalsavin.htm
 EX-10.K

msa2005supplementalsavin 

</EX-10.K>

<EX-10.L>
 3
 msa2020executiveincentiv.htm
 EX-10.L

msa2020executiveincentiv 

MSA SAFETY, INC. EXECUTIVE INCENTIVE PLAN As of January 1, 2020 1. Purposes. The objectives of the MSA Safety, Inc. Executive Incentive Plan are to attract and retain highly-qualified executives by providing appropriate performance-based short-term incentive awards, to provide a strong financial incentive each year for the excellent performance of each participating executive by making a significant percentage of the executive s total cash compensation dependent upon the level of corporate and individual performance attained for the year, and, by accomplishing those objectives, to increase shareholder value. 2. Definitions in Last Section. For purposes of the Plan, capitalized terms, unless defined where the respective term first appears in the Plan, shall have the meanings given in the last Section hereof. 3. Eligibility. With respect to any Plan Year, all Company executives in the Executive salary ranges and any other employee designated by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company are eligible to participate in the Plan. 4. Bonuses. (a) Participant s Bonus Target. The Bonus target is established at the beginning of the plan year and targets for the Executive Leadership Team are included in Appendix A. A U.S. Participant s Bonus target for a particular Plan Year shall be the dollar amount resulting from multiplying the Participant s salary grade midpoint at the beginning of the Plan Year by the Bonus target percentage determined. For non-U.S. employees, the Participant s Bonus target shall be the dollar amount resulting from multiplying the Participant s salary at the beginning of the Plan Year by the Bonus target percentage determined. The Committee or its delegate may be assisted in determining the applicable percentage by the recommendation of the Chief Human Resources Officer. After a Participant s Bonus target has been established for a particular Plan Year, it cannot be changed, except that, in the sole discretion of the Committee or its delegate a Participant s Bonus target can be adjusted if the Participant s position is changed during such Plan Year (whether or not the Participant s title is changed). 

2 (b) Performance Measures and Performance Goals. For each Plan Year, objective measures of performance will be identified to determine whether a Bonus target has been earned in whole or in part. Performance measures may be based on consolidated net income, pre-tax income, earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT), earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA ), income from continuing operations, income before extraordinary items, income from continuing operations before extraordinary items, earnings per share, earnings per share growth, return on equity, return on invested capital, return on net assets, revenue, revenue growth, gross margin, operating margin, net margin, cash flow, free cash flow, operating cash flow, working capital, stock price, total shareholder return or other measure adopted by the Committee or its delegate. Other non-financial measures may be used such as safety, product launch timeliness, customer satisfaction, customer service and efficiency, workforce measures such as productivity, diversity or turnover. Performance criteria based on such performance measures may be expressed in either, or a combination of, absolute or relative values or rates of change. Performance goals Performance Goals based on such performance measures may be based either on the performance of the Company, a subsidiary or subsidiaries, affiliate, department or business unit or upon a comparison of such performance with the performance of a peer group of companies, prior performance periods or other measure selected or defined by the Committee. The Committee or its delegate shall establish goals for each performance measure, and the relative weighting for each performance measure, by position of the Participant, as applicable, in the first quarter of the year for which the awards may be made. A description of the goals and the performance measure weighting shall be listed in Appendix B and shall be reviewed and approved at the beginning of the year, and communicated to Participants. (c) Calculation of Bonus Earned by a Participant. The Committee shall determine the amount of an earned award by measuring performance against the goals for each performance measure independently and then taking the sum of the earned amounts for each performance measure and comparing it to the target performance. Specifically, each performance measure shall be assigned a percentage of the total target award based on its relative weighting among the performance measures. The threshold and maximum payment levels will be established each year by the Committee and shown on Appendix B of the Plan. The threshold and maximum shall apply individually to each metric. If the performance of an individual metric falls below the threshold, no bonus will be payable for that individual metric. 

3 Each metric will be individually compared to the target and if the performance is above target, the bonus will be calculated for each individual metric based on the assigned weighted percent of the total Bonus target. Fifty percent of the Bonus target will be payable at the threshold and 150 of the Bonus target will be payable at the maximum payment level for each individual metric. Payment for performance between threshold and maximum will be calculated with straight-line interpolation between such percentages for performance that is in between threshold and maximum. The Bonus paid to any Participant with respect to any Plan Year shall not exceed 150 of the Participant s Bonus target (excluding any applicable Enhanced Bonus provided in Appendix C) with respect to the Plan Year. A Participant s calculated bonus shall be further modified by a percentage which represents a personal performance factor (the Personal Performance Percentage ). The Personal Performance Percentage shall be determined by the Committee or its delegate, shall vary based on the Participant s individual performance during the Plan Year and may be lesser than, greater than, or equal to 100 ; provided, however, notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 4(c), the Personal Performance Percentage with respect to each Participant shall not be less than 80 nor greater than 120 . Other modifiers may be identified by the Committee or by the Chief Executive Officer and approved by the Committee. Any such modifier, including the Enhanced Bonus Program shall be subject to approval by the Committee on an annual basis and be included as Appendix C of the Plan. In no case can the maximum bonus paid to any individual exceed 200 of the original bonus target. (d) Committee Review and Adjustment of Calculation. The Committee shall review the Bonuses calculated pursuant to Sections 4(c) and 4(e) hereof with respect to each Plan Year and, subject to Section 4(e) and the last sentence of Section 4(c) hereof, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, adjust (including increasing, reducing or eliminating) the amount of any Bonus before making a recommendation to the Board regarding the Bonuses (if any) to be paid with respect to the Plan Year. (e) Employment Requirement for Bonus Payment and Exceptions Thereto. (i) Except as provided in Sections 4(e)(ii) and 4(e)(iii) hereof, and subject to Section 4(g), payment of a Bonus to a particular Participant for a Plan 

4 Year shall be made only if, and to the extent that, the foregoing requirements of this Section 4 have been met with respect to the Plan Year and only if the Participant is continuously employed by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries for the entire Plan Year (from the first day of the Plan Year through the last day of the Plan Year). (ii) If, under circumstances described in this Section 4(e)(ii), a Participant has been employed by the Company (or one of its Subsidiaries) for only part of a Plan Year, a pro-rata Bonus shall be paid to the Participant. The pro-rata Bonus shall be calculated by multiplying the Bonus which would be payable if such employment had been for the entire Plan Year by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of Participant s days of such employment during the Plan Year (except as provided in Section 4(e)(ii)(E) and (F) hereof) and the denominator of which shall be 365. The circumstances under which such a pro-rata Bonus shall become payable with respect to a Plan Year are the following: (A) the Participant s employment has terminated during the Plan Year under circumstances which qualify the Participant for retirement (including early retirement) under the MSA Pension Plan (or any successor plan thereto); (B) the Participant has died during the Plan Year; (C) the Participant was newly hired by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries during the Plan Year and remained so employed on the last day of the Plan Year; (D) the individual (not initially a Participant) was already employed by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries on the first day of the Plan Year, but became a Participant later in the Plan Year in connection with a promotion (either by designation by the Chief Executive Officer or by promotion to a position as Executive); (E) the individual was eligible for the Plan at the beginning of the Plan Year, but during the Plan Year was transferred to an ineligible class of employees in connection with a demotion or transfer to a new role; in that event the numerator of the fraction used to calculate the pro-rata Bonus shall be the number of days of the Plan Year during which the Participant was eligible for the Plan and actively at work as is determined by the Committee in its sole discretion; and 

5 (F) the Participant was disabled (within the meaning of the Company s long-term disability plan) during part of the Plan Year; in that event the numerator of the fraction used to calculate the pro-rata Bonus shall be either the days of the Plan Year during which the Participant was actively at work or on Short-term disability or such other number (which shall not be more than 365) as is determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. (iii) Any Bonuses determined pursuant to this Section 4(e) shall be payable at the time and in the manner specified in Section 4(f). (f) Time of Payment; Termination for Cause. As soon as practicable after the Plan Year, the following shall be accomplished: (i) the calculation of the Bonuses with respect to a Plan Year pursuant to Sections 4(c) and 4(e) hereof, (ii) the Committee s review of, and recommendation to the Board with respect to, such Bonuses pursuant to Sections 4(d) hereof, and (iii) the action of the Board making a final determination (subject to Section 4(e) and the last sentence of Section 4(c) hereof) as to what Bonuses (if any) shall be paid with respect to the Plan Year. Except as provided in Section 4(g) hereof, all Bonuses to which Participants become entitled with respect to a Plan Year shall be paid in lump sum cash payments as soon as practicable after such Board determination, but not later than the March 15th immediately following the Plan Year; provided, however, in the event such amount is conditioned upon a separation from service and not compensation the Participant could receive without separating from service, then no such payment shall be made to a Participant who is a specified employee under Section 409A of the Code until the first day following the six-month anniversary of the Participant s separation from service. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing provisions of the Plan, if the employment of a Participant has been terminated for cause (as determined in the sole discretion of the Committee prior to the occurrence of any Change in Control) at any time before the Company has paid the Participant s Bonus with respect to a Plan Year, no Bonus shall be paid to the Participant with respect to such Plan Year. For purposes of the Plan, after a Change in Control has occurred, the Committee shall have no power to determine that a termination of a Participant s employment has been made for cause. (g) Change in Control. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, (i) if a Change in Control of the Company shall occur following a Plan Year as to which the actual Bonuses to be paid have been determined (but such Bonuses have not yet been paid), such Bonuses shall be paid immediately in cash, (ii) if a Change in Control shall occur following a Plan Year as to which the actual Bonuses to be paid have not yet been determined, such Bonuses shall be immediately 

6 determined and paid in cash, and (iii) if a Change in Control shall occur during a Plan Year as to which Bonus targets have been established (but the actual Bonuses to be paid have not yet been determined), such Plan Year shall be deemed to have been completed, the target levels of performance set forth under the respective Performance Goals shall be deemed to have been attained, the respective Personal Performance Percentages shall be deemed to be 100 , and a pro rata portion of the Bonus so determined for each Participant for such partial Plan Year (based on the number of full and partial months which have elapsed with respect to such Plan Year) shall be paid at the time specified in Section 4(f) in cash to each Participant for whom a Bonus target for such Plan Year was established. 5. Administration. The Plan shall be administered by the Committee. The Committee shall have the authority in its sole discretion, subject to and not inconsistent with the express provisions of the Plan, to administer the Plan and to exercise all the powers and authorities either specifically granted to it under the Plan or necessary or advisable in the administration of the Plan, including, without limitation, to make adjustments in the Performance Goals in response to changes in applicable laws, regulations, or accounting principles; to construe and interpret the Plan; to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan; and to make all other determinations deemed necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan. The Committee shall consist of two or more persons. The Committee may appoint a chairperson and a secretary and may make such rules and regulations for the conduct of its business as it shall deem advisable and shall keep minutes of its meetings. All determinations of the Committee shall be made by a majority of its members either present in person or participating by conference telephone at a meeting or by unanimous written consent. The Committee may delegate to one or more of its members or to one or more agents such administrative duties as it may deem advisable, and the Committee or any person to whom it has delegated duties as aforesaid may employ one or more persons to render advice with respect to any responsibility the Committee or such person may have under the Plan. All decisions, determinations and interpretations of the Committee (except those which are specifically stated herein to be subject to Board action) shall be final and binding on all persons, including the Company, the Participant (or any person claiming any rights under the Plan from or through any Participant) and any shareholder. 

7 No member of the Board or the Committee shall be liable for any action taken or determination made in good faith with respect to the Plan or any Bonus hereunder. 6. General Provisions. (a) No Right To Continued Employment. Nothing in the Plan or in any Bonus hereunder shall confer upon any Participant the right to continue in the employ of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or to be entitled to any remuneration or benefits not set forth in the Plan or to interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company to terminate such Participant s employment. (b) Cancellation and Recoupment of Awards. Bonuses and any payments therefor are subject to the Company s Recoupment Policy, as it may be amended from time to time. Bonuses may be cancelled without payment and/or a demand for repayment of any gains realized from Bonuses may be made upon a Participant pursuant to the Company s Recoupment Policy on the basis of any circumstances described therein. (c) Withholding Taxes. The Company or Subsidiary employing any Participant shall deduct from all payments under the Plan any taxes required to be withheld by federal, state or local governments. (d) Amendment and Termination of the Plan. The Board may at any time and from time to time alter, amend, suspend, or terminate the Plan in whole or in part. Additionally, the Committee may make such amendments as it deems necessary to comply with other applicable laws, rules and regulations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amendment, suspension or termination of the Plan shall affect adversely any of the rights of any Participant, without such Participant s written consent, with respect to any Bonus target theretofore established with respect to the Participant (or any Bonus to which the Participant has become entitled) under the Plan. (e) Participant Rights. No Participant in the Plan for a particular Plan Year shall have any claim to be granted any Bonus target under the Plan for any subsequent Plan Year, and there is no obligation for uniformity of treatment for Participants. (f) Unfunded Status of Bonuses. The Plan is intended to constitute an unfunded plan for incentive compensation. With respect to any payments which at 

8 any time are not yet made to a Participant with respect to a Bonus, nothing contained in the Plan or any related document shall give any such Participant any rights that are greater than those of a general creditor of the Company. (g) Governing Law. The Plan and the rights of all persons claiming hereunder shall be construed and determined in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania without giving effect to the choice of law principles thereof, except to the extent that such law is preempted by federal law. (h) Effective Date. This Plan shall be effective as of January 1, 2020 (the effective date ). 7. Definitions. The following terms, as used herein, shall have the following meanings: (a) Affiliate shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2 promulgated under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. (b) Beneficial Owner shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. (c) Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company. (d) Bonus shall mean any annual incentive to which a Participant becomes entitled pursuant to the Plan; the establishment of a Bonus target with respect to a Participant pursuant to Section 4(a) hereof does not, by itself, entitle the Participant to payment of any Bonus hereunder; a Bonus must be earned and become payable pursuant to other provisions hereof. (e) Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if the event set forth in any one of the following paragraphs shall have occurred: (I) any Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company (not including in the securities beneficially owned by such Person any securities acquired directly from the Company or its Affiliates) representing 

9 thirty percent (30 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities, excluding any Person who becomes such a Beneficial Owner in connection with a transaction described in clause (i) of paragraph (III) below; or (II) the following individuals cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the number of directors then serving: individuals who, on the effective date of the Plan, constitute the Board and any new director (other than a director whose initial assumption of office is in connection with an actual or threatened election contest, including but not limited to a consent solicitation, relating to the election of directors of the Company) whose appointment or election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company s shareholders was approved or recommended by a vote of at least two-thirds ) of the directors then still in office who either were directors on the effective date hereof or whose appointment, election or nomination for election was previously so approved or recommended; or (III) there is consummated a merger or consolidation of the Company or any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company with any other corporation, other than (i) a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or any parent thereof), in combination with the ownership of any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, at least fifty-one percent (51 of the combined voting power of the securities of the Company or such surviving entity or any parent thereof outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation, or (ii) a merger or consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction) in which no Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing thirty percent (30 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities; or 

10 (IV) the shareholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or there is consummated an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, other than a sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets to an entity, at least fifty-one percent (51 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are owned by shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the Company immediately prior to such sale. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control shall not be deemed to have occurred by virtue of the consummation of any transaction or series of integrated transactions immediately following which the record holders of the voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue to have substantially the same proportionate ownership in an entity which owns all or substantially all of the assets of the Company immediately following such transaction or series of transactions. (f) Chief Executive Officer shall mean the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. (g) Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any successor statute of similar import, and regulations thereunder, in each case as in effect from time to time. References to sections of the Code shall be construed also to refer to any successor sections from time to time. (h) Committee shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board. (i) Company shall mean MSA Safety, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, or (except as used in the definitions of Change in Control and Person in this Section 7) any successor corporation. The definition of Company shall include all subsidiaries of MSA Safety, Inc. (j) Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time. 

11 (k) Participant shall mean an executive or other employee of the Company or one of its Subsidiaries who is eligible to participate herein pursuant to Section 3 hereof and for whom a Bonus target is established with respect to the relevant Plan Year. (l) Performance Goal shall have the meaning given such term in Section 4(b) hereof. (m) Person shall have the meaning given in Section 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act, as modified and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof, except that such term shall not include (i) the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (ii) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its Affiliates, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities, or (iv) a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company, or (v) any individual or entity [including the trustees (in such capacity) of any such entity which is a trust] which as of February 18, 2005 is, directly or indirectly, the Beneficial Owner of securities of the Company representing 5 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities or any Affiliate of any such individual or entity, including, for purposes of this Plan, any of the following: (A) any trust (including the trustees thereof in such capacity) established by or for the benefit of any such individual; (B) any charitable foundation (whether a trust or a corporation, including the trustees or directors thereof in such capacity) established by any such individual; (C) any spouse of any such individual; (D) the ancestors (and spouses) and lineal descendants (and spouses) of such individual and such spouse; (E) the brothers and sisters (whether by the whole or half blood or by adoption) of either such individual or such spouse; or (F) the lineal descendants (and their spouses) of such brothers and sisters. (n) Personal Performance Percentage shall have the meaning given such term in Section 4(c) hereof. (o) Plan shall mean MSA Safety, Inc. Executive Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time. 

11 (p) Plan Year shall mean the Company s fiscal year. (q) Subsidiary shall mean any subsidiary of the Company which is designated by the Board or the Committee to have any one or more of its employees participate in the Plan. 

</EX-10.L>

<EX-21>
 4
 ex21-2022subsidiarylisting.htm
 EX-21

Document 

EXHIBIT 21 
 MSA SAFETY INCORPORATED 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 Name State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation Compa ia MSA de Argentina S.A. Argentina General Monitors Ireland Limited Ireland General Monitors, Inc. Nevada Globe Holding Company, LLC New Hampshire Latchways plc United Kingdom Mine Safety Appliances Company, LLC Pennsylvania MSA (China) Safety Equipment Co. Ltd. China MSA (Suzhou) Safety Equipment R&D Co., Ltd China MSA Advanced Detection, LLC Pennsylvania MSA Belgium bvba Belgium MSA Canada Inc. Canada MSA de Chile Ltda. Chile MSA de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico MSA do Brasil Ltda. Brazil MSA Europe GmbH Switzerland MSA Europe Holdings GmbH Germany MSA Gallet Holdings SAS France MSA Innovation, LLC Pennsylvania MSA International, LLC Delaware MSA Italia S.R.L. Italy MSA Nederland B.V. Netherlands MSA sterreich GmbH Austria MSA Polska Sp. z o.o. Poland MSA Production France SAS France MSA Produktion Deutschland GmbH Germany MSA S.E. Asia Pte. Ltd. Singapore MSA Safety Development, LLC Pennsylvania MSA Safety Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia MSA Safety Pittsburgh Manufacturing, LLC Pennsylvania MSA Safety Sales, LLC Pennsylvania MSA Safety Services GmbH Germany MSA Spain S.L.U. Spain MSA Technologies and Enterprise Services GmbH Germany MSA Technologies and Enterprise Services SAS France MSA Technology, LLC Pennsylvania MSA Worldwide, LLC Pennsylvania Samsac Holdings (Pty.) Limited South Africa Senscient, Ltd. United Kingdom 
 The above-mentioned subsidiary companies are included in the consolidated financial statements of the registrant filed as part of this annual report. The names of certain other subsidiaries, which considered in the aggregate as a single affiliate would not constitute a significant subsidiary, have been omitted. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 ex23-10xk2022.htm
 EX-23

Document 

EXHIBIT 23 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-121196) pertaining to the MSA Retirement Savings Plan, 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-157681) pertaining to the Mine Safety Appliances Company 2008 Non-Employee Directors Equity Incentive Plan, 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 Nos. 333-174601 and 333-157682) pertaining to the Mine Safety Appliances Company 2008 Management Equity Incentive Plan, 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-199880) pertaining to the Employee Stock Purchase Plan, 
 (5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-214397) pertaining to the MSA Safety Incorporated 2016 Management Equity Incentive Plan, 
 (6) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-218078) pertaining to the MSA Safety Incorporated 2017 Non-Employee Directors Equity Incentive Plan, and 
 (7) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-231996) pertaining to the Sierra Monitor Corporation 2006 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 of our reports dated February 16, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of MSA Safety Incorporated and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of MSA Safety Incorporated included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of MSA Safety Incorporated for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 
 February 16, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex311-10xk2022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 
 I, Nishan J. Vartanian, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of MSA Safety Incorporated 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 February 16, 2023 s Nishan J. Vartanian Nishan J. Vartanian Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex312-10xk2022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 
 I, Lee B. McChesney certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of MSA Safety Incorporated 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 February 16, 2023 s Lee B. McChesney Lee B. McChesney Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 8
 ex32-10xk2022.htm
 EX-32

Document 

EXHIBIT 32 
 CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. (S) 1350, the undersigned officers of MSA Safety Incorporated (the Company ), hereby certify, to the best of their knowledge, that the Company s Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13 (a) or 15 (d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 February 16, 2023 s Nishan J. Vartanian Nishan J. Vartanian Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) s Lee B. McChesney Lee B. McChesney Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 msa-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 msa-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 msa-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 msa-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 msa-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

