<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230322_10-K_edgar_data_1496443_0001683168-23-001661.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4313240</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>176151</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>838561</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1135490</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>961839</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1093852</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-001661.hdr.sgml : 20230322
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230322075124
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-001661
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230322
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230322

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Paysign, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001496443
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				954550154
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38623
		FILM NUMBER:		23751439

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2615 ST. ROSE PARKWAY
		CITY:			HENDERSON
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89052
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-453-2221

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2615 ST. ROSE PARKWAY
		CITY:			HENDERSON
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89052

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	3PEA INTERNATIONAL, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100713

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-001661.txt : 20230322

10-K
 1
 paysign_i10k-123122.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D. C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION PURSUANT TO UNDER SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from ________ to ________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the
Exchange Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of
 large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth
company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262 (b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

State the aggregate market value of the voting
and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the
average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second
fiscal quarter: based upon a market price of 1.52 per share. 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each
of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: as of March 17, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the registrant s definitive
Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form
10-K where indicated. Such Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the registrant's
fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1 
 BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 11 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 20 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 20 
 
 ITEM 3 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 20 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 
 20 

PART II 
 
 21 
 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 21 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 21 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 21 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES OF MARKET RISK 
 29 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 30 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 30 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 30 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 31 
 
 ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 31 

PART III 
 
 32 
 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 32 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 32 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 32 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 32 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 32 

PART IV 
 
 33 
 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 33 
 
 ITEM 16 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 3 4 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 35 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections about
our business and our industry. Words such as believe, anticipate, expect, intend, plan, 
 propose, may, and other similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements
that refer to expectations, projections, estimates, forecasts, or other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements, which relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to publicly revise
these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date hereof. You should refer to and carefully
review the information in future documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

i 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

Overview 

Paysign, Inc. (the Company, Paysign, 
 we or our ), headquartered in Nevada, was incorporated on August 24, 1995, and trades under the symbol PAYS
on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. Paysign is a vertically integrated provider of prepaid card products and processing services for corporate,
consumer and government applications. Our payment solutions are utilized by our corporate customers as a means to increase customer loyalty,
increase patient adherence rates, reduce administration costs and streamline operations. Public sector organizations can utilize our payment
solutions to disburse public benefits or for internal payments. We market our prepaid card solutions under our Paysign brand. As
we are a payment processor and prepaid card program manager, we derive our revenue from all stages of the prepaid card lifecycle. 

We provide a card processing platform consisting
of proprietary systems and software applications based on the unique needs of our clients. We have extended our processing business capabilities
through our proprietary Paysign platform. Through the Paysign platform, we provide a variety of services including transaction processing,
cardholder enrollment, value loading, cardholder account management, reporting, and customer service. The Paysign platform was built on
modern cross-platform architecture and designed to be highly flexible, scalable and customizable. The platform s flexibility and
ease of customization has allowed us to expand our operational capabilities by facilitating our entry into new markets within the payments
space. The Paysign platform delivers cost benefits and revenue building opportunities to our partners. 

We have developed prepaid card programs for corporate
incentive and rewards including, but not limited to, consumer rebates and rewards, donor compensation, clinical trials, healthcare reimbursement
payments and pharmaceutical payment assistance. We have expanded our product offerings to include additional corporate incentive products
and demand deposit accounts accessible with a debit card. In 2022, we also expanded our product offerings into payroll cards, retail disbursement
cards and gift card distribution. In the future, we expect to further expand our product offerings into other prepaid card offerings such
as travel cards and expense reimbursement cards. Our cards are sponsored by our issuing bank partners. 

Our revenues include fees generated from cardholder
fees, interchange, card program management fees, transaction claims processing fees, and settlement income. Revenue from cardholder fees,
interchange, card program management fees, and transaction claims processing fees is recorded when the performance obligation is fulfilled.
Settlement income is recorded at the expiration of the card program. 

What Are Prepaid Cards? 

A prepaid card is a payment product that is pre-funded
and not directly linked to an individual bank account. Prepaid cards are unlike debit cards that are attached to a personal or business
checking account and draw funds from that linked account or a credit card that draws funds from a line of credit. 

Prepaid cards can either be open-loop, closed-loop,
or restricted-loop. Open-loop, or network-branded, prepaid cards carry an acceptance mark of a national or international payment network
such as Visa, Interlink, Plus, MasterCard, Maestro, Cirrus, Discover or Pulse and can be used anywhere that card brand is accepted. Closed-loop
prepaid cards can only be used at a specific merchant whose name is typically branded on the card and are most likely not network branded.
Restricted-loop prepaid cards may carry a network brand and can be used only at a specific group of non-affiliated merchant locations
such as a shopping mall or a specific merchant category. 

Open-loop, and some restricted-loop, prepaid cards
are issued by a financial institution under a license of the payment network. Open-loop prepaid cards provide consumers, businesses and
governments with the efficiency, security and flexibility of digital payments reducing costs associated with handling cash, checks and
other paper-based payment processes, and provides the end user a payment product that is accessible and with global utility, convenient,
safer than cash, can be used as a budgeting tool and contains protections against fraud and theft. 

1 

The prepaid market continues to experience significant
growth due to consumers, corporations and governments embracing improved technology, greater convenience, more product choices and greater
flexibility. Prepaid cards have also proven to be an attractive alternative to traditional bank accounts for certain segments of the population,
particularly those without, or who could not qualify for, a checking or savings account. 

The Mercator Advisory Group s 2023
Prepaid Card Data Book , shows that Open-loop growth appears to be more moderate when we look at 2020 2026, but this projection
considers the impact of temporary unemployment surges in 2020, which proved to be an outlier. Mercator forecasts open-loop prepaid
card loads will have a compound annual growth rate of 5.0 from 2021 to 2026, when total loads are expected to reach 728 billion. 

Consumers, both banked and unbanked, use prepaid
cards such as general purpose reloadable GPR cards, to conduct their day-to-day financial transactions such as paying
bills, depositing checks, and receiving direct deposits. According to the 2021 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) National Survey
of Unbanked and Underbanked Households, 6.9 percent of all households were using general purpose reloadable prepaid cards in 2021. Use
of prepaid cards was much higher among unbanked households (32.8 percent) than among banked households (5.7 percent). Unbanked households,
an estimated 4.5 percent of U.S. households, were twice as likely to use prepaid cards or nonbank online payment services to conduct four
or more types of transactions compared with banked households. 

Common Examples of Prepaid Cards 

The prepaid card market is divided into three
macro categories based on who funds the card account. These categories are consumer-funded, corporate-funded and government-funded. 

Consumer-Funded Programs: The consumer
prepaid category consists of products such as GPR cards, gift cards, travel money cards, and remittance/peer-to-peer P2P cards. 

General Purpose Reloadable Cards: A
type of prepaid card typically purchased by a consumer for his/her personal use to pay for purchases, pay bills and/or access cash at
ATMs. GPR cards may be purchased online and in retail locations from a variety of providers. Funds may be loaded onto the card by direct
deposit of wages or benefits or at retail locations offering prepaid card reload services. 

Gift Cards : A non-reloadable
prepaid card that is purchased by a gift giver to be given to a gift recipient. 

Corporate-Funded Programs: The corporate
prepaid category consists of products such as employee/partner incentives, consumer incentives, payroll, employee benefits, healthcare,
corporate expense and business travel, insurance claim disbursement, etc. 

Government-Funded Programs: The government
prepaid category consists of products such as Social Security benefits, veterans benefits, disability benefits, pensions, unemployment
benefits, worker s compensation, emergency disaster relief, and child support disbursements. 

Our Products and Services 

As a payment processor and prepaid card program
manager, our payment solutions are utilized by our customers as a means to increase customer loyalty, increase brand recognition, reward
customers, agents and employees while reducing administration costs and streamlining operations. We manage all aspects of the prepaid
card lifecycle, from managing the card design and approval processes with partners and networks, to production, packaging, distribution,
and personalization. We also oversee inventory and security controls, renewals, lost and stolen card management, and replacement. We deploy
a fully staffed, in-house customer service department which utilizes bilingual customer service representatives, interactive voice response IVR ), and two-way short message service SMS messaging and text alerts. As we do not have our own banking
license to issue open-loop prepaid cards, our cards are offered to end users through our relationships with bank issuers. 

2 

As an end-to-end payment processor and prepaid
card program manager, we derive our revenue from all stages of the card lifecycle. These revenues can include fees from program set-up;
customization and development; data processing and report generation; card production and fulfillment; transaction fees derived from card
usage; inactivity fees; card replacement fees; program administration fees; and settlement income. 

To date, we have issued millions of prepaid cards
under programs implemented for Fortune 500 companies, multinationals, as well as top pharmaceutical manufacturers, universities and social
media companies. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately
5.3 million cardholders participating in approximately 550 card programs. 

In our early years of operations, we focused mainly
on providing co-pay assistance prepaid cards to the pharmaceutical industry. In 2011, we began marketing a corporate incentive prepaid
card-based payment solution targeting the plasma donation industry. More recently, having built the necessary infrastructure and added
essential staff, we have increased our focus and sales efforts on disbursement programs, corporate incentive and expense card programs,
as well as retargeting the pharmaceutical industry with co-pay assistance, buy and bill and other prepaid programs designed to maximize
patient enrollment, adherence and retention. 

The Paysign Brand 

In order to leverage the capabilities of the Paysign
platform and successfully expand our product offerings, we established the Paysign brand of prepaid cards and solutions. The Paysign brand
encompasses all of our current and future prepaid product offerings, including but not limited to, corporate incentives, healthcare related
payment solutions for clinical trials, donations and co-pay assistance, payroll, disbursement payments, corporate expense cards and solutions
designed for the public sector as well as general purpose reloadable prepaid cards and prepaid gift cards. Paysign is a registered trademark
of the Company in the United States and other countries. 

Corporate Incentives 

Our Paysign corporate incentive cards offer businesses
a practical and contemporary way to reward and motivate existing and potential customers, employees, donors, patients, clinical trial
participants, sales professionals, agents and distributors. We develop incentive card programs, either traditional plastic or virtual,
that our customers use for a wide variety of applications, including but not limited to: consumer rebates for large purchases or frequent
buyers; trade incentives for third party distributors; new product launches and commission based sales incentives; consumer promotions
such as automobile test drives; purchase incentives; loyalty rewards; compensation for the time and effort of donating; pharmaceutical
payment assistance; referral programs; event giveaways; and purchase incentives. The Paysign solution can be integrated into existing
payment management systems or act as a stand-alone solution. All Paysign cards are accepted anywhere Visa, Interlink, Plus, MasterCard,
Maestro, Cirrus, Discover and Pulse are accepted depending on the brands used on the card. 

Key benefits of our corporate incentive cards
are: 

Reduced costs: Operating and administrative costs associated with processing traditional paper checks are reduced. 

Co-Branding: Our clients can promote their brands as the card can include the corporate sponsor s logo. The card itself advertises the sponsor s brand. 

Customization: Our Paysign platform allows for easy customization of our corporate incentive card products. For example, our clients can select merchants or merchant categories which dictate where the card will be accepted. Our clients can receive customized reports, track card usage and attach surveys to the activation process to gain market intelligence. 

Speed to Market: Our clients can get rewards and incentives to the intended recipients in a much quicker manner than traditional methods using our corporate incentive card products. 

3 

Per Diem/ Corporate Expense Payments 

Per Diem, Corporate Expense and Business Travel
Cards are reloadable prepaid card that allows businesses, non profits and government agencies the ability to control employee spending
while reducing administration costs by eliminating the need for traditional expense reports. We are currently focusing on marketing these
card products to large corporations. 

Pharmaceutical Market 

Our Paysign solutions for the pharmaceutical industry
are a specialized, adjudicated solution that pays all or a portion of a patient s out-of-pocket costs associated with a prescription
drug purchase. Funds are provided by the sponsoring pharmaceutical company for use at retail pharmacies, specialty pharmacies, hospitals,
doctors offices and clinics nationwide. 

Our pharmaceutical solutions provide payment claims
processing and other administrative services for clients according to client benefit plan designs. Our offerings also allow clients to
directly manage more of their pharmacy benefits and include pharmacy claims adjudication, network and payment administration, client call
center service and support, reporting, rebate management, as well as implementation, training and account management. 

Patient Affordability Products and Services 

Paysign provides targeted products and services
designed to address financial barriers related to patients starting and remaining on brand name and biosimilar drug therapies. Our products
are specifically designed to work within the established workflow of the specific healthcare provider. These products can be used to cover
all or a portion of the patient s financial responsibility. We continue to build out additional products as industry concerns continue
to emerge presenting new business opportunities. A critical component of all patient affordability products is the ability of a pharmaceutical
manufacturer to access and visualize data related to the performance of their affordability program, patient and prescriber behavior,
and overall brand growth on a commercially insured patient basis. To provide these insights, Paysign has data scientist and a team of
analytic professionals dedicated to these products and clients. 

Pharmacy Based Voucher and
Copay Affordability Programs: Voucher and Copay programs have become an industry standard offering for pharmaceutical brands entering
a market or seeking to increase market share. These products are processed via the pharmacy transactional systems in accordance with established
standards. These products are the most common form of affordability programs and exist for almost every retail and specialty-based branded
pharmaceutical drug. Pharmacies process claims to one of Paysign s chosen processors who grow and maintain their own individual
contractual networks. Claims may be submitted in the primary or secondary payor position where our processor will adjudicate the claim
in accordance with business rules defined by each client. 

Medical Claims Based Affordability
Programs: These programs are similar to pharmacy-based products but utilize internal networks developed and maintained by Paysign. We
are a direct processor of these claims and conduct adjudication on an internal proprietary platform specifically designed to address the
needs of our clients and their unique business rules. Payments for processed claims are made directly to a healthcare provider using our
virtual debit card products. We differentiate ourselves with this specific product by offering accelerated adjudication and payments relative
to our competition. This results in providers having a stronger willingness to utilize our products versus our competitors. 

Debit Based Affordability
Programs: We continue to utilize physical and virtual debit cards to address highly specific industry concerns related to patient affordability.
These issues include utilization of debit-based products to combat copay accumulators and maximizers, currently one of the largest threats
in the marketplace for pharmaceutical manufacturers. 

4 

Source Plasma Donor Payments 

Plasma derived therapies are lifesaving treatments
used to treat various rare conditions. Plasma based therapies are manufactured using human plasma, which is the yellow liquid portion
of whole blood that can be easily replaced by the body. Plasma makes up approximately 55 of whole blood and consists primarily of water
and proteins. Source plasma is the plasma collected from individual donors that serves as the raw material for the further manufacture
into these life saving therapies. Historically, source plasma donation centers compensated their donors with cash or check. Over the past
several years, plasma donation centers have migrated to a prepaid card solution for donor payments. 

The Company offers a comprehensive customized
payment solution for source plasma collection centers under the Paysign brand. The solution consists of the Paysign Plasma Donor Compensation
Prepaid Card, the Paysign Partner Portal for administrators, and the Paysign Kiosk. The Company s Plasma solution also provides
cardholders with a point-of-sale cash back rewards program, a pharmacy prescription discount card and a digital bank account which are
all used to assist our Pharma clients in their efforts to maximize the donor experience. The solution offers customized reporting and
provides a level of business analytics previously unavailable. The solution can be utilized either as a stand-alone web-based solution
or integrated with existing donor management systems, giving plasma donation centers an increased level of flexibility. The Company entered
the market in late 2011 and has seen significant growth in this market segment. Currently, the Company services approximately 40 of the
plasma collection centers in the United States. 

DDA Debit Cards Paysign Premier 

Recently, providers of GPR card products, in response
to changes in the regulatory environment, have introduced new products similar to a GPR card but that act as true demand deposit accounts
accessible with a debit card DDA Debit Card ). These DDA Debit Cards offer many of the features and functionalities of a
traditional debit card associated with a standard bank account, including overdraft protection. The Company began marketing its DDA Debit
Card, branded Paysign Premier Digital Bank Account, in the third quarter of 2019. The Company markets this product to a targeted portion
of its existing cardholder base through existing communication points and to customers and employees of new clients. 

Other Services 

Customer Service Center 

In order to provide a full range of services to
our customers, we offer a fully staffed, in-house Customer Service Center which is operational 24 hours a day, 7 days per week consisting
of live bilingual customer care representatives. The Paysign platform provides IVR, SMS alerts and two-way SMS messaging, allowing cardholders
to set alerts and check their balances and transaction history without the assistance of a live customer service operator. We believe
our in-house customer service center provides the highest quality customer service experience for our clients as training is performed
on-site by Paysign staff. 

The Paysign Communications Suite 

To help maximize the cardholder experience, cardholders
can access their card balances and transaction history, as well as other information as dictated by the program, such as an ATM locator,
a loyalty point counter, and geo-specific messaging through a number of touchpoints such as the Paysign kiosk, the Paysign Mobile App,
two-way SMS, text alerts and the Paysign cardholder web portal. 

Technology 

Our technology platform employs a standard enterprise
services bus in a service-oriented architecture, configured for 24/7/365 transaction processing and operations. We utilize two secure,
interconnected, environmentally-controlled data centers, with emergency power generation capabilities, and fully redundant capabilities.
We use a variety of proprietary and licensed standards-based technologies to implement our platforms, including those which provide for
orchestration, interoperability and process control. The platforms also integrate a data infrastructure to support both transaction processing
and data warehousing for operational support and data analytics. 

5 

Competition 

The markets for financial products and services,
including prepaid cards and services related thereto, are intensely competitive. We compete with a variety of companies in our markets
and our competitors vary in size, scope and breadth of products and services offered. Certain segments of the financial services and healthcare
industries tend to be highly fragmented, with numerous companies competing for market share. Highly fragmented segments currently include
financial account processing, customer relationship management solutions, electronic funds transfer and prepaid solutions. 

Many of our existing and potential competitors
have longer operating histories, greater financial strength and more recognized brands in the industry. These competitors may be able
to attract customers more easily because of their financial resources and awareness in the market. Our larger competitors can also devote
substantially more resources to business development and may adopt more aggressive pricing policies. To compete with these companies,
we rely primarily on direct marketing strategies including strategic marketing partners. 

Sales and Marketing 

We market our Paysign payment solutions through
direct marketing by the Company s sales team. Our primary market focus is on companies and municipalities that require a streamlined
payment solution for rewards, rebates, payment assistance, and other payments to their customers, employees, agents and others. To reach
these markets, we focus our sales efforts on direct contact with our target market and attendance at various industry specific conferences.
We may, at times, utilize independent contractors who make direct sales and are paid on a commission basis only. 

We market our Paysign Premier product through
existing communication channels to a targeted segment of our existing cardholders, as well as to a broad group of individuals, ranging
from non-banked to fully banked consumers with a focus on long term users of our product. 

Markets and Major Customers 

We have no major customers and are not reliant
on any individual card program. We manage multiple programs at any given time. As of December 31, 2022, we managed approximately
550 card programs with approximately 5.3 million participating cardholders. 

Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company

Paysign qualifies as an emerging growth
company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. An emerging growth company may take advantage
of reduced reporting requirements that are otherwise applicable to public companies. These provisions include, but are not limited to: 

the option to present only two years of audited financial statements and two years of related Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Annual Report on Form 10-K; 

reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in periodic reports, proxy statements and registration statements; and 

exemptions from the requirements of holding nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

We have elected to take advantage of certain reduced
disclosure obligations in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and may elect to take advantage of other reduced reporting requirements in future
filings. As a result, the information that we provide to our stockholders may be different from what you might receive from other public
reporting companies in which you hold equity interests. 

6 

In addition, under the JOBS Act, emerging growth
companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have
elected to avail ourselves of this exemption and, as a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to the financial statements
of issuers who are required to comply with the effective dates for new or revised accounting standards that are applicable to public companies.
Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that we can elect to opt out of the extended transition period at any time, which election is
irrevocable. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until
the earliest to occur of: (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues exceed 1.235 billion;
(ii) the last day of 2024; (iii) the date that we become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (referred to as the Exchange Act), which would occur if the market value of our
common equity held by non-affiliates exceeds 700.0 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal
quarter; or (iv) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during any three-year
period. 

Regulations 

Introduction 

We operate in a highly regulated environment and
are subject to extensive regulation, supervision and examination. Applicable laws and regulations may change, and there is no assurance
that such changes will not adversely affect our business. Regulatory authorities have extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory
and enforcement activities, including but not limited to the imposition of restrictions on the operation of financial institutions we
may work with. Any change in such regulation and oversight, whether in the form of restrictions on activities, regulatory policy, regulations,
or legislation, including but not limited to changes in the regulations governing banks, could have a material impact on our operations. 

Our products and services are generally subject
to federal, state and local laws and regulations, including: 

anti-money laundering and anti-bribery laws; 

money transfer and payment instrument licensing regulations; 

escheatment laws; 

privacy and information safeguard laws; 

data and personal information protection; 

bank regulations; 

consumer protection laws; 

tax; 

environmental sustainability (including climate change); 

false claims laws and other fraud and abuse restrictions; and 

privacy and security standards under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act HIPAA or other laws. 

7 

These laws are often evolving and sometimes ambiguous
or inconsistent, and the extent to which they apply to us or the banks that issue our cards, our clients or our third-party service providers
is at times unclear. Any failure to comply with applicable law either by us or by the card issuing banks, our client or our
third-party service providers, over which we have limited legal and practical control could result in restrictions on our
ability to provide our products and services, as well as the imposition of civil fines and criminal penalties and the suspension or revocation
of a license or registration required to sell our products and services. See Risk Factors for additional discussion regarding
the potential impacts of changes in laws and regulations to which we are subject and failure to comply with existing or future laws
and regulations. 

We continually monitor and enhance our compliance
program to stay current with the most recent legal and regulatory changes. We also continue to implement policies and programs and to
adapt our business practices and strategies to help us comply with current legal standards, as well as with new and changing legal requirements
affecting particular services or the conduct of our business generally. 

Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Bribery Laws 

Our products and services are generally subject
to federal anti-money laundering laws, including the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act, and similar state laws. On an
ongoing basis, these laws require us, among other things, to: 

report large cash transactions and suspicious activity; 

screen transactions against the U.S. government s watch-lists, such as the watch-list maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC); 

prevent the processing of transactions to or from certain countries, individuals, nationals and entities; 

identify the dollar amounts loaded or transferred at any one time or over specified periods of time, which requires the aggregation of information over multiple transactions; 

gather and, in certain circumstances, report customer information; 

comply with consumer disclosure requirements; 

comply with anti-corruption laws and regulations; and 

register or obtain licenses with state and federal agencies in the United States and seek registration of any retail distributors when necessary. 

Anti-money laundering regulations are constantly
evolving. We continuously monitor our compliance with anti-money laundering regulations and implement policies and procedures to make
our business practices flexible, so we can comply with the most current legal requirements. We cannot predict how these future regulations
might affect us. Complying with future regulation could be expensive or require us to change the way we operate our business. 

Money Transfer and Payment Instrument Licensing
Regulations 

We are not currently subject to money transfer
and payment instrument licensing regulations; however, we have plans to introduce products in the future that would be subject to such
regulations. Currently, we believe that 39 U.S. jurisdictions would require us to obtain a license to operate a money transfer business.
As a licensee, we would be subject to certain restrictions and requirements, including reporting, net worth and surety bonding requirements
and requirements for regulatory approval of controlling stockholders, agent locations and consumer forms and disclosures. We would also
be subject to inspection by the regulators in the jurisdictions in which we are licensed, many of which conduct regular examinations.
In addition, we would be required to maintain permissible investments in an amount equivalent to all outstanding payment
obligations. 

8 

Escheatment Laws 

Unclaimed property laws of every U.S. state
require that certain information be tracked on card programs. If customer funds are unclaimed at the end of an applicable statutory abandonment
period, the proceeds of the unclaimed property must be remitted to the appropriate state. Analysis of facts and circumstances of
each card program under state unclaimed property laws determines whether funds under such programs are escheatable. 

Privacy and Data Protection Regulation 

In the ordinary course of our business, we or
our third-party service providers collect certain types of data, which subjects us to certain privacy and information security laws in
the United States, including, for example, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999, and other laws or rules designed to regulate consumer information
and mitigate identity theft. We are also subject to privacy laws of various states. These state and federal laws impose obligations with
respect to the collection, processing, storage, disposal, use and disclosure of personal information, and require that financial institutions
have in place policies regarding information privacy and security. In addition, under federal and certain state financial privacy laws,
we must provide notice to consumers of our policies and practices for sharing nonpublic information with third parties, provide advance
notice of any changes to our policies and, with limited exceptions, give consumers the right to prevent use of their nonpublic personal
information and disclosure of it to unaffiliated third parties. Certain state laws may, in some circumstances, require us to notify affected
individuals of security breaches of computer databases that contain their personal information. These laws may also require us to notify
state law enforcement, regulators or consumer reporting agencies in the event of a data breach, as well as businesses and governmental
agencies that own data. In order to comply with the privacy and information safeguard laws, we have confidentiality/information security
standards and procedures in place for our business activities and with our third-party vendors and service providers. Privacy and information
security laws evolve regularly, requiring us to adjust our compliance program on an ongoing basis and presenting compliance challenges. 

Bank Regulations 

All of the cards that we service are issued by
a state-chartered bank. Thus, we are subject to the oversight of the regulators for, and certain laws applicable to, these card issuing
banks. These banking laws require us, as a servicer to the banks that issue our cards, among other things, to undertake compliance actions
similar to those described under Anti-Money Laundering Laws above and to comply with the privacy regulations promulgated under
the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act as discussed under Privacy and Information Safeguard Laws above. 

Consumer Protection Laws 

Certain products that we offer are subject to
additional state and federal consumer protection laws, including laws prohibiting unfair and deceptive practices, regulating electronic
fund transfers and protecting consumer nonpublic information. As such, we have developed appropriate procedures for compliance with these
consumer protection laws. 

Card Networks 

In order to provide our products and services,
we, as well as the banks that issue our cards, must be registered with Visa and/or MasterCard, as well as any other networks that we desire
to use, such as Interlink, Plus, Maestro, Cirrus, Discover and Pulse, and, as a result, are subject to card association rules that could
subject us to a variety of fines or penalties that may be levied by the card association or network for certain acts or omissions. The
banks that issue our cards are specifically registered as members of the card networks. The card networks set the standards
with which we and the card issuing banks must comply. 

9 

Environmental Sustainability 

Climate-related events, including extreme weather
events and natural disasters and their effect on critical infrastructure in the U.S. could have similar adverse effects on our operations,
customers or third-party suppliers. Furthermore, our shareholders, customers and other stakeholders have begun to consider how corporations
are addressing environmental, social and governance ESG issues. Government regulators, investors, customers and the general
public are increasingly focused on ESG practices and disclosures, and views about ESG are diverse and rapidly changing. These shifts in
investing priorities may result in adverse effects on the trading price of the Company's common stock if investors determine that the
Company has not made sufficient progress on ESG matters. Furthermore, developing and acting on initiatives within the scope of ESG, and
collecting, measuring and reporting ESG-related information and metrics can be costly, difficult and time consuming,
and are subject to evolving reporting standards and/or contractual obligations. We could also face potential negative ESG-related publicity
in traditional media or social media if shareholders or other stakeholders determine that we have not adequately considered or addressed
ESG matters. Shareholders are increasingly submitting proposals related to a variety of ESG issues to public companies, and we may receive
such proposals in the future. Such proposals may not be in the long-term interests of the Company or our stockholders and may divert management s
attention away from operational matters or create the impression that our practices are inadequate. 

False Claims Laws and Other Fraud and Abuse
Restrictions 

We provide claims processing and other transaction
services to pharmaceutical companies that relate to, or directly involve, the reimbursement of pharmaceutical costs covered by Medicare,
Medicaid, other federal healthcare programs and private payers. As a result of these aspects of our business, we may be subject to, or
contractually required to comply with, state and federal laws that govern various aspects of the submission of healthcare claims for reimbursement
and the receipt of payments for healthcare items or services. These laws generally prohibit an individual or entity from knowingly presenting
or causing to be presented claims for payment to Medicare, Medicaid or other third-party payers that are false or fraudulent. False or
fraudulent claims include, but are not limited to, billing for services not rendered, failing to refund known overpayments, misrepresenting
actual services rendered in order to obtain higher reimbursement, improper coding and billing for medically unnecessary goods and services.
Many of these laws provide significant civil and criminal penalties for noncompliance and can be enforced by private individuals through
 whistleblower or qui tam actions. To avoid liability, providers and their contractors must, among other things, carefully
and accurately code, complete and submit claims for reimbursement. 

From time to time, participants in the healthcare
industry, including us, may be subject to actions under the federal False Claims Act or other fraud and abuse provisions. We cannot guarantee
that state and federal agencies will regard any billing errors we process as inadvertent or will not hold us responsible for any compliance
issues related to claims we handle on behalf of providers and payers. Although we believe our editing processes are consistent with applicable
reimbursement rules and industry practice, a court, enforcement agency or whistleblower could challenge these practices. We cannot predict
the impact of any enforcement actions under the various false claims and fraud and abuse laws applicable to our operations. Even an unsuccessful
challenge of our practices could cause adverse publicity and cause us to incur significant legal and related costs. 

Privacy and Security Standards under HIPAA
or Other Laws. 

The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
Act of 1996 contains privacy regulations and the security regulations that apply to some of our operations. The privacy regulations extensively
regulate the use and disclosure of individually identifiable health information by entities subject to HIPAA. For example, the privacy
regulations permit parties to use and disclose individually identifiable health information for treatment and to process claims for payment,
but other uses and disclosures, such as marketing communications, require written authorization from the individual or must meet an exception
specified under the privacy regulations. The privacy regulations also provide patients with rights related to understanding and controlling
how their health information is used and disclosed. To the extent permitted by the privacy regulations from the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act, and our contracts with our customers, we may use and disclose individually identifiable health information to perform
our services and for other limited purposes, such as creating de-identified information. Determining whether data has been sufficiently
de-identified to comply with the privacy regulations and our contractual obligations may require complex factual and statistical analyses
and may be subject to interpretation. The security regulations require certain entities to implement and maintain administrative, physical
and technical safeguards to protect the security of individually identifiable health information that is electronically transmitted or
electronically stored. We have implemented and maintain policies and processes to assist us in complying with the privacy regulations,
the security regulations and our contractual obligations. We cannot provide assurance regarding how these standards will be interpreted,
enforced or applied to our operations. If we are unable to properly protect the privacy and security of health information entrusted to
us, we could be subject to substantial penalties, damages and injunctive relief. 

10 

In addition to HIPAA, numerous other state and
federal laws govern the collection, dissemination, use, access to and confidentiality of individually identifiable health information
and healthcare provider information. In addition, some states are considering new laws and regulations that further protect the confidentiality,
privacy and security of medical records or other types of medical information. In many cases, these state laws are not preempted by the
HIPAA privacy regulations and may be subject to interpretation by various courts and other governmental authorities. Further, the U.S. Congress
and a number of states have considered or are considering prohibitions or limitations on the disclosure of medical or other information
to individuals or entities located outside of the United States. 

Patents and Trademarks 

We protect our intellectual property rights through
a combination of trademark, patent, copyright, and trade secrets laws. 

In order to limit access to and disclosure of
our intellectual property and proprietary information, all of our employees and consultants have signed confidentiality and we enter into
nondisclosure agreements with third parties. We cannot provide assurance that the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property
rights, however, will deter adequately infringement or misappropriation of those rights. Particularly given the international nature of
the Internet, the rate of growth of the Internet and the ease of registering new domain names, we may not be able to detect unauthorized
use of our intellectual property or proprietary information, or to take enforcement action. 

Employees and Independent Contractors 

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately
one hundred ten employees and independent contractors. 

We have no collective bargaining agreements with
our employees, and believe all independent contractor and employment agreement relationships are satisfactory. We hire independent contractors
on an as-needed basis, and we may retain additional employees and consultants during the next twelve months, including additional executive
management personnel with substantial experience in business development. 

Available Information 

Our internet address is www.paysign.com. Information
on our website does not constitute part of this Annual Report. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

An investment in our common stock involves
a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information
in this Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our
business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the
market price of our common stock could decline and you could lose part or all of your investment. All forward-looking statements made
by us or on our behalf are qualified by the risks described below. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

We may be unable to grow our business in future
periods, and if our revenue growth slows, or our revenues decline further, our business and financial conditions could be adversely affected. 

Our growth rates may decline in the future. There
can be no assurance that we will be able to grow our business in future periods. In the near term, our growth depends in significant part
on our ability, among other things, to enter new markets and to continue to attract new clients, and to retain our current clientele.
Our growth also depends on our ability to develop and market other prepaid card products that can utilize the Paysign platform. 

11 

As the prepaid financial services industry continues
to develop, our competitors may be able to offer products and services that are, or that are perceived to be, substantially similar to
or better than ours. This may force us to compete on the basis of price and to expend significant marketing, product development and
other resources in order to remain competitive. Even if we are successful at increasing our operating revenues through our various initiatives
and strategies, we will experience an inevitable decline in growth rates as our operating revenues increase to higher levels and we may
also experience a decline in margins. If our operating revenue growth rates slow materially or decline, our business, operating results
and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

We operate in a highly regulated environment, and failure by us
or business partners to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position and
results of operations. 

We operate in a highly regulated environment,
and failure by us or our business partners to comply with the laws and regulations to which we are subject could negatively impact our
business. We are subject to a wide range of federal and other state laws and regulations, which are described under Business Regulations 
above. In particular, our products and services are subject to an increasingly strict set of legal and regulatory requirements intended
to protect consumers and to help detect and prevent money laundering, terrorist financing and other illicit activities. 

Many of these laws and regulations are evolving,
unclear and inconsistent across various jurisdictions, and ensuring compliance with them is difficult and costly. For example, with increasing
frequency, federal and state regulators are holding businesses like ours to higher standards of training, monitoring and compliance, including
monitoring for possible violations of laws by the businesses that participate in our reload network. Failure by us or those businesses
to comply with the laws and regulations to which we are subject could result in fines, penalties or limitations on our ability to conduct
our business, or federal or state actions, any of which could significantly harm our reputation with consumers and other network participants,
banks that issue our cards and regulators, and could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Changes in the laws, regulations, credit card association rules
or other industry standards affecting our business may impose costly compliance burdens and negatively impact our business. 

There may be changes in the laws, regulations,
card association rules or other industry standards that affect our operating environment in substantial and unpredictable ways. Changes
to statutes, regulations or industry standards, including interpretation and implementation of statutes, regulations or standards, could
increase the cost of doing business or affect the competitive balance. For example, more stringent anti-money laundering regulations could
require the collection and verification of more information from our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations.
Regulation of the payments industry has increased significantly in recent years. A number of regulations impacting the credit card industry
were recently implemented. Additional changes may require us to incur significant expenses to redevelop our products. Also, failure to
comply with laws, rules and regulations or standards to which we are subject, including with respect to privacy and data use and security,
could result in fines, sanctions or other penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results
of operations, as well as damage our reputation. 

A data security breach could expose us to liability and protracted
and costly litigation, and could adversely affect our reputation and operating results. 

We, the banks that issue our cards and our third-party
service providers receive, transmit and store confidential customer and other information in connection with our products and services.
The encryption software and the other technologies we and our partners use to provide security for storage, processing and transmission
of confidential customer and other information may not be effective to protect against data security breaches. The risk of unauthorized
circumvention of our security measures has been heightened by advances in computer capabilities and the increasing sophistication of hackers.
The banks that issue our cards, our clients and our third-party service providers also may experience similar security breaches involving
the receipt, transmission and storage of our confidential customer and other information. Improper access to our or these third parties'
systems or databases could result in the theft, publication, deletion or modification of confidential customer and other information. 

12 

A data security breach of the systems on which
sensitive cardholder data and account information are stored could lead to fraudulent activity involving our products and services, reputational
damage and claims or regulatory actions against us. If we are sued in connection with any data security breach, we could be involved in
protracted and costly litigation. If unsuccessful in defending that litigation, we might be forced to pay damages and/or change our business
practices or pricing structure, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our operating revenues and profitability. We would
also likely have to pay (or indemnify the banks that issue our cards for) fines, penalties and/or other assessments imposed by card networks
as a result of any data security breach. Further, a significant data security breach could lead to additional regulation, which could
impose new and costly compliance obligations. In addition, a data security breach at one of the banks that issue our cards or our third-party
service providers could result in significant reputational harm to us and cause the use and acceptance of our cards to decline, either
of which could have a significant adverse impact on our operating results and future growth prospects. 

We may have deficiencies or weaknesses in our internal control over
financial reporting which could, if not remediated, adversely affect our ability to report our financial condition and results of operations
in a timely and accurate manner, decrease investor confidence in our Company, and reduce the value of our common stock. 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act
and based upon the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission. Management is also responsible for reporting on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 

Deficiencies or weaknesses in our internal control
over financial reporting that are not promptly identified and remediated may adversely affect our ability to report our financial condition
and results of operations in a timely and accurate manner, decrease investor confidence in our Company, and reduce the value of our common
stock. Although we believe we have taken appropriate actions to remediate previously reported control deficiencies that we have identified
and to strengthen our internal control over financial reporting, we cannot assure you that we will not discover other deficiencies or
weaknesses in the future. 

Security and privacy breaches of our electronic
transactions may damage customer relations and inhibit our growth. 

Any failures in our security and privacy measures
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Certain products we offer require
that we store personal information, including birth dates, addresses, bank account numbers, credit card information, social security numbers
and merchant account numbers. If we are unable to protect this information, or if consumers perceive that we are unable to protect this
information, our business and the growth of the electronic commerce market in general could be materially adversely affected. A security
or privacy breach may: 

cause our customers to lose confidence in our services; 

deter consumers from using our services; 

harm our reputation; 

require that we expend significant additional resources related to our information security systems and could result in a disruption of our operations; 

expose us to liability; 

increase expenses related to remediation costs; and 

decrease market acceptance of electronic commerce transactions and prepaid use. 

13 

Although management believes that we have utilized
proven systems designed for robust data security and integrity in electronic transactions, our use of these applications may be insufficient
to address changing technological or market conditions and the security and privacy concerns of existing and potential customers. 

As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, our business, financial condition,
profitability, and cash flows have been, and are likely to continue to be, negatively impacted. 

The coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic,
which started in late 2019 and reached the United States in early 2020, continues to impact the economy of the United States and the rest
of the world. While the direct disruption appears to have abated due to the availability of vaccines and other factors, the ultimate duration
and severity of the pandemic remain uncertain, particularly given the development of new variants that continue to spread, and the economic
repercussions are still manifesting themselves. The COVID-19 outbreak caused plasma center closures, and the stimulus packages signed
into law during 2020 and 2021 reduced the incentive for individuals to donate plasma for supplementary income. Additionally, labor shortages
at plasma donation centers and restrictions preventing Mexican nationals with tourist visas from being compensated for donating plasma,
have further impacted donations. Those developments have had an adverse impact on the Company s historical results of operations.
On September 16, 2022, the United States District Court issued a preliminary injunction preventing the United States Customs and Border
Protection from continuing to enforce its ban on plasma donations by Mexican nationals. Since then, we have seen an increase in donation
activity from Mexican nationals, in our plasma donation centers along the U.S.-Mexico border. Additionally, inflationary pressures for
food, gasoline, rent, and other products and services appear to be driving individuals back into the plasma donation centers based upon
the increase we experienced in the number of loads per average donation center in the second half of 2022 as compared to all preceding
quarters in 2022 and 2021. While we remain cautiously optimistic and have seen improvements in donation activity and our operating results
on an aggregated basis, we cannot foresee what potential issues may impact our operating results as new COVID-19 variants continue to
evolve. That being said, President Biden recently announced that the COVID-19 national emergency and public health emergency declarations
will end on May 11, 2023, as most of the world has returned closer to normalcy. Given the remaining uncertainty around the extent and
timing of the potential future spread or mitigation of COVID-19 and variants, management cannot at this time estimate with reasonable
accuracy COVID-19 s further impact on the Company s results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

The industry in which we compete is highly
competitive, which could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 

We believe that our existing competitors have
longer operating histories, are substantially larger than we are, may already have or could develop substantially greater financial and
other resources than we have, may offer, develop or introduce a wider range of programs and services than we offer or may use more effective
advertising and marketing strategies than we do to achieve broader brand recognition, customer awareness and retail penetration. We may
also face price competition that results in decreases in the purchase and use of our products and services. To stay competitive, we may
have to increase the incentives that we offer to our marketing partners and decrease the prices of our products and services, which could
adversely affect our operating results. 

We rely on relationships with card issuing
banks to conduct our business, and our results of operations and financial position could be materially and adversely affected if we fail
to maintain these relationships or we maintain them under new terms that are less favorable to us. 

Our relationships with various banks is currently,
and will be for the foreseeable future, a critical component of our ability to conduct our business and to maintain our revenue and expense
structure, because we are currently unable to issue our own cards. If we lose or do not maintain existing banking relationships, we would
incur significant switching and other costs and expenses and we and users of our products and services could be significantly affected,
creating contingent liabilities for us. As a result, the failure to maintain adequate banking relationships could have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our agreement with the bank that issues our cards provide for cost
and expense allocations between the parties. Changes in the costs and expenses that we have to bear under these relationships could have
a material impact on our operating expenses. In addition, we may be unable to maintain adequate banking relationships or renew our agreements
with the banks that currently issue our cards under terms at least as favorable to us as those existing before renewal. 

14 

We receive important services from third-party
vendors, and replacing them could entail unexpected integration costs. 

Some services relating to our business, including
network connectivity and gateway services are outsourced to third-party vendors. All of our vendors could be replaced with competitors
if our vendor terminated our contract or went out of business. However, in some cases replacing a vendor would entail one-time integration
costs to connect our systems to the successor s systems, and could result in less advantageous contract terms for the same service,
which could adversely affect our profitability. 

Changes in credit card association or other
network rules or standards set by Visa and MasterCard, or changes in card association and debit network fees or products or interchange
rates, could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 

We and the banks that issue our cards are subject
to Visa, Interlink, Plus, MasterCard, Maestro, Cirrus, Discover and Pulse association rules that could subject us to a variety of fines
or penalties that may be levied by the card networks for acts or omissions by us or businesses that work with us. The termination of the
card association registrations held by us or any of the banks that issue our cards or any changes in card association or other debit network
rules or standards, including interpretation and implementation of existing rules or standards, that increase the cost of doing business
or limit our ability to provide our products and services could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial
condition. In addition, from time to time, card networks increase the organization and/or processing fees that they charge, which could
increase our operating expenses, reduce our profit margin and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

For example, a portion of our operating revenues
is derived from interchange fees (i.e., transaction fees paid by the merchant). The amount of interchange revenues that we earn is highly
dependent on the interchange rates that the card networks set and adjust from time to time. Interchange rates for certain products and
certain issuing banks declined significantly as a result of the enactment of the Dodd-Frank Bill. If interchange rates decline further,
whether due to actions by the card networks or future legislation or regulation, we would likely need to change our fee structure to compensate
for lost interchange revenues. To the extent we increase the pricing of our products and services, we might find it more difficult to
acquire consumers and to maintain or grow card usage and customer retention. We also might have to discontinue certain products or services.
As a result, our operating revenues, operating results, prospects for future growth and overall business could be materially and adversely
affected. 

We may not be able to successfully manage our
intellectual property or may be subject to infringement claims. 

In the rapidly developing legal framework, we
rely on a combination of contractual rights and copyright, trademark and trade secret laws to establish and protect our proprietary technology.
Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property, third parties may infringe or misappropriate our intellectual property or may
develop software or technology competitive to us. Our competitors may independently develop similar technology, duplicate our products
or services or design around our intellectual property rights. We may have to litigate to enforce and protect our intellectual property
rights, trade secrets and know-how or to determine their scope, validity or enforceability, which is expensive and could cause a diversion
of resources and may not prove successful. The loss of intellectual property protection or the inability to secure or enforce intellectual
property protection could harm our business and ability to compete. 

We may also be subject to costly litigation in
the event our products and technology infringe upon another party s proprietary rights. Third parties may have, or may eventually
be issued, patents that would be infringed by our products or technology. Any of these third parties could make a claim of infringement
against us with respect to our products or technology. We may also be subject to claims by third parties for breach of copyright, trademark
or license usage rights. Any such claims and any resulting litigation could subject us to significant liability for damages. An adverse
determination in any litigation of this type could require us to design around a third party s patent or to license alternative
technology from another party. In addition, litigation is time consuming and expensive to defend and could result in the diversion of
the time and attention of our management and employees. Any claim from third parties may result in limitations on our ability to use the
intellectual property subject to these claims. As of the date of this filing, we had not received any notice or claim of infringement
from any party. 

15 

The market for electronic commerce services
is evolving and may not continue to develop or grow rapidly enough for us to maintain profitability. 

If the number of electronic commerce transactions
does not continue to grow or if consumers or businesses do not continue as projected to adopt our products and services, it could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Management believes future growth in the electronic
commerce market will be driven by the cost, convenience, ease of use and quality of products and services offered to consumers and businesses.
In order to maintain our profitability, consumers and businesses must continue to adopt our products and services. 

If we do not respond to rapid technological
change or changes in industry standards, our products and services could become obsolete and we could lose our customers. 

If competitors introduce new products and services,
or if new industry standards and practices emerge, our existing product and service offerings, technology and systems may become obsolete.
Further, if we fail to adopt or develop new technologies or to adapt our products and services to emerging industry standards, we may
lose current and future customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
The electronic commerce industry is changing rapidly. To remain competitive, we must continue to enhance and improve the functionality
and features of our products, services and technologies. 

Changes in the Bank Secrecy Act and/or the
USA PATRIOT Act could impede our ability to circulate cards that can be easily loaded or issued. 

Our current compliance program and screening process
for the distribution and/or sale of prepaid card products is designed to comply with the Bank Secrecy Act BSA and
the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act (the USA
PATRIOT Act ). These regulations require financial institutions to obtain and confirm information related to their respective cardholders.
If the BSA and/or the USA PATRIOT Act or subsequent legislation increases the level of scrutiny that we must apply to our cardholders
and customers, it may be costly or impractical for us to continue to profitably issue and load cards for our customers. 

Internal processing errors could result in
our failing to appropriately reflect transactions in customer accounts. 

In the event of a system failure that goes undetected
for a substantial period of time, we could allow transactions on blocked accounts, confirm false authorizations, fail to deduct charges
from accounts or fail to detect systematic fraud or abuse. Errors or failures of this nature could adversely impact our operations, our
credibility and our financial standing. 

Our business is dependent on the efficient
and uninterrupted operation of computer network systems and data centers. 

Our ability to provide reliable service to our
clients and cardholders depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our computer network systems and data centers as well
as those of our third-party service providers. Our business involves movement of large sums of money, processing of large numbers of transactions
and management of the data necessary to do both. Our success depends upon the efficient and error-free handling of the money. We rely
on the ability of our employees, systems and processes and those of the banks that issue our cards, our third-party service providers
to process and facilitate these transactions in an efficient, uninterrupted and error-free manner. 

In the event of a breakdown, a catastrophic event
(such as fire, natural disaster, power loss, telecommunications failure or physical break-in), a security breach or malicious attack,
an improper operation or any other event impacting our systems or processes, or those of our vendors, or an improper action by our employees,
agents or third-party vendors, we could suffer financial loss, loss of customers, regulatory sanctions and damage to our reputation. The
measures we have taken, including the implementation of disaster recovery plans and redundant computer systems, may not be successful,
and we may experience other problems unrelated to system failures. We may also experience software defects, development delays and installation
difficulties, any of which could harm our business and reputation and expose us to potential liability and increased operating expenses. 

16 

The soundness of other institutions and companies
could adversely affect us. 

Our ability to engage in loading and purchasing
transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and failure of other institutions and companies, our card issuing banks and distributors
that carry our prepaid card products. As such, we have exposure to many different industries and counterparties. As a result, defaults
by, or even questions or rumors about, one or more of these institutions or companies could lead to losses or defaults by us or other
institutions. Losses related to these defaults or failures could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 

Additional equity or debt financing may be
dilutive to existing stockholders or impose terms that are unfavorable to us or our existing stockholders. 

We may raise capital in order to provide working
capital for our expansion into other products and services using our payments platform. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity
securities, our stockholders will experience dilution. Debt financing, if available, may involve arrangements that include covenants limiting
or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends.
Any debt financing or additional equity that we raise may contain terms, such as liquidation and other preferences that are not favorable
to us or our current stockholders. If we raise additional funds through collaboration and licensing arrangements with third parties, it
may be necessary to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies and products or grant unfavorable license terms. 

We depend on key personnel and could be harmed
by the loss of their services because of the limited number of qualified people in our industry. 

Because of our small size, we require the continued
service and performance of our management team, sales and technology employees, all of whom we consider to be key employees. Competition
for highly qualified employees in the financial services and healthcare industry is intense. Our success will depend to a significant
degree upon our ability to attract, train, and retain highly skilled directors, officers, management, business, financial, legal, marketing,
sales, and technical personnel and upon the continued contributions of such people. In addition, we may not be able to retain our current
key employees. The loss of the services of one or more of our key personnel and our failure to attract additional highly qualified personnel
could impair our ability to expand our operations and provide service to our customers. 

Our future success depends on our ability to
attract, develop, incentivize and retain key personnel. 

Our future success depends, to a significant extent,
on our ability to attract, develop, incentivize and retain key personnel, namely our management team and experienced sales, marketing
and program and technology personnel. We must motivate and retain existing personnel and also attract, source, hire, develop and retain
highly-qualified employees. We may experience difficulty fully integrating our newly-hired personnel, which may adversely affect our business.
Competition for qualified management, sales, marketing and program and technology personnel can be intense. Competitors have in the past
and may in the future attempt to recruit our top management and employees. If we fail to attract, integrate, incentivize and retain key
personnel, our ability to manage and grow our business could be harmed. 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common
Stock 

Our stock price is volatile and you may not
be able to sell your shares at a price higher than what was paid. 

The market for our common stock is highly volatile.
In 2022, our stock price fluctuated between 1.24 and 3.20. The trading price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations
in response to, among other things, quarterly variations in operating and financial results, announcements of technological innovations
or new products by our competitors or us, changes in prices of our products and services or our competitors products and services,
changes in product mix, or changes in our revenue and revenue growth rates. 

17 

If securities analysts do not publish research
or reports about our business or if they publish negative evaluations of our common stock, the trading price of our common stock could
decline. 

We expect that the trading price for our common
stock will be affected by any research or reports that securities analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of the analysts
who may elect to cover us or our business downgrade their evaluations of our common stock, the price of our common stock would likely
decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company, we could lose visibility in the market for our common stock,
which in turn could cause our stock price to decline. 

We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable
future. 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends
on our capital stock. We intend to retain any earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate
paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. As a result, you will likely receive a return on your investment in our common stock
only if the market price of our common stock increases. 

Concentration of ownership among our existing
directors, executive officers and principal stockholders may prevent new investors from influencing significant corporate decisions. 

Our directors, executive officers, and holders
of more than 5 of our total shares of common stock outstanding and their respective affiliates, in the aggregate, beneficially own, as
of March 17, 2023, approximately 42 of our outstanding common stock. As a result, these stockholders will be able to exercise a controlling
influence over matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions,
and will have significant influence over our management and policies for the foreseeable future. Some of these persons or entities may
have interests that are different from yours. For example, these stockholders may support proposals and actions with which you may disagree
or which are not in your interests. The concentration of ownership could delay or prevent a change in control of our company or otherwise
discourage a potential acquirer from attempting to obtain control of our company, which in turn could reduce the price of our common stock.
In addition, these stockholders, some of which have representatives sitting on our board of directors, could use their voting control
to maintain our existing management and directors in office, delay or prevent changes of control of our company, or support or reject
other management and board of director proposals that are subject to stockholder approval, such as amendments to our employee stock plans
and approvals of significant financing transactions. 

Our stock price could decline due to the large
number of outstanding shares of our common stock eligible for future sale. 

We have 52,464,932 shares of common stock outstanding
as of March 17, 2023, assuming no exercise of outstanding options or unvested restricted stock awards. None of the shares of common stock
are subject to any lock-up agreements, and all are eligible for sale, subject to registration under the Securities Act and in some cases
to volume and other restrictions imposed by Rule 144. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or even
the perception that these sales could occur, could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. These sales could also make
it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem appropriate. 

We incur significant costs as a result of operating
as a public company. We may not have sufficient personnel for our financial reporting responsibilities, which may result in the untimely
close of our books and records and delays in the preparation of financial statements and related disclosures. 

As a registered public company, we have experienced
an increase in legal, accounting and other expenses. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ),
as well as new rules subsequently implemented by the SEC, has imposed various requirements on public companies, including requiring changes
in corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance
initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations have increased our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more
time-consuming and costly. In addition, two putative class action lawsuits were filed against us, which could require our management to
devote significant time to defending. See Item 3. Legal Proceedings for additional information. 

18 

If we are not able to comply with the requirements
of Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or if we or our independent registered public accounting firm identify additional deficiencies in our internal
control over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses, the market price of our stock could decline and we could be
subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC and other regulatory authorities. 

Our operating results may fluctuate in the
future, which could cause our stock price to decline. 

Our quarterly and annual results of operations
may fluctuate in the future as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. If our results of operations
fall below the expectations of investors or any securities analysts who follow our common stock, the trading price of our common stock
could decline substantially. Fluctuations in our quarterly or annual results of operations may be due to a number of factors, including,
but not limited to: 

the timing and volume of purchases, use and reloads of our prepaid cards and related products and services; 

the timing and success of new product or service introductions by us or our competitors; 

seasonality in the purchase or use of our products and services; 

reductions in the level of interchange rates that can be charged; 

fluctuations in customer retention rates; 

changes in the mix of products and services that we sell; 

changes in the mix of retail distributors through which we sell our products and services; 

the timing of commencement, renegotiation or termination of relationships with significant third party service providers; 

changes in our or our competitors' pricing policies or sales terms; 

the timing of commencement and termination of major advertising campaigns; 

the timing of costs related to the development or acquisition of complementary businesses; 

the timing of costs of any major litigation to which we are a party; 

the amount and timing of operating costs related to the maintenance and expansion of our business, operations and infrastructure; 

our ability to control costs, including third-party service provider costs; 

volatility in the trading price of our common stock, which may lead to higher stock-based compensation expenses or fluctuations in the valuations of vesting equity; and 

changes in the regulatory environment affecting the banking or electronic payments industries generally or prepaid financial services specifically. 

19 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF
COMMENTS. 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

We have an operating lease for office space at
2615 St. Rose Parkway, Henderson, Nevada 89052. The lease will expire in 2030 and allows for two optional extensions of 5 years each.
Lease payments are approximately 58,000 per month. 

We believe that our properties are adequate and
suitable for us to conduct business in the future. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

From time to time, we may become involved in various
lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties,
and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. 

The Company has been named as a defendant in three
complaints filed in the United States District Court for the District of Nevada: Yilan Shi v. Paysign, Inc. et. al., filed on March 19,
2020 Shi ), Lorna Chase v. Paysign, Inc. et. al., filed on March 25, 2020 Chase ), and Smith 
Duvall v. Paysign, Inc. et. al., filed on April 2, 2020 (collectively, the Complaints or Securities Class Action ).
Smith Duvall v. Paysign, Inc. et. al. was voluntarily dismissed on May 21, 2020. On May 18, 2020, the Shi plaintiffs and another
entity called the Paysign Investor Group each filed a motion to consolidate the remaining Shi and Chase actions and to be appointed lead
plaintiff. The Complaints are putative class actions filed on behalf of a class of persons who acquired the Company s common stock
from March 19, 2019 through March 31, 2020, inclusive. The Complaints generally allege that the Company, Mark R. Newcomer, and Mark Attinger
violated Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, and that Messrs. Newcomer and Attinger violated Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act, by making
materially false or misleading statements, or failing to disclose material facts, regarding the Company s internal control over
financial reporting and its financial statements. The Complaints seek class action certification, compensatory damages, and attorney s
fees and costs. On December 2, 2020, the Court consolidated Shi and Chase as In re Paysign, Inc. Securities Litigation and appointed the
Paysign Investor Group as lead plaintiff. On January 12, 2021, Plaintiffs filed an Amended Complaint in the consolidated action. Defendants
filed a Motion to Dismiss the Amended Complaint on March 15, 2021, which Plaintiffs opposed via an opposition brief filed on April 29,
2021, to which Defendants replied on June 1, 2021. On February 9, 2023, the Court granted in part and denied in part Defendants 
Motion to Dismiss. As of the date of this filing, Paysign cannot give any meaningful estimate of likely outcome or damages. 

The Company has also been named as a nominal defendant
in two stockholder derivative actions in the United States District Court for the District of Nevada. The first derivative action is entitled
Andrzej Toczek, derivatively on behalf of Paysign, Inc. v. Mark R. Newcomer, et al. and was filed on September 17, 2020. This action alleges
violations of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act, breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, and waste, largely in connection with the
failure to correct information technology controls over financial reporting alleged in the Securities Class Action, thereby causing the
Company to face exposure in the Securities Class Action. The complaint also alleges insider trading violations against certain individual
defendants. On December 16, 2020, the Court approved a stipulation staying the action until the Court in the consolidated Securities Class
Action issues a ruling on the Motion to Dismiss. The second derivative action is entitled John K. Gray, derivatively on behalf of Paysign,
Inc. v. Mark Attinger, et al. and was filed on May 9, 2022. This action involves the same alleged conduct raised in the Toczek action
and asserts claims for breach of fiduciary duty in connection with financial reporting, breach of fiduciary duty in connection with alleged
insider trading against certain individual defendants, and unjust enrichment. On June 3, 2022, the Court approved a stipulation staying
the action until the Court in the consolidated Securities Class Action issues a ruling on the Motion to Dismiss. The Company anticipates
filing motions to dismiss given the ruling on the Motion to Dismiss in the consolidated Securities Class Action. As of the date of this
filing, Paysign cannot give any meaningful estimate of likely outcome or damages. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

20 

PART II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Capital
Market under the symbol PAYS . The following table summarizes the low and high closing prices for our common stock for each
of the calendar quarters of 2022 and 2021. 

2022 
 2021 

High 
 Low 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter 
 2.50 
 1.80 
 5.69 
 3.80 
 
 Second Quarter 
 2.04 
 1.24 
 4.69 
 2.87 
 
 Third Quarter 
 3.20 
 1.53 
 3.72 
 2.34 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 3.01 
 2.11 
 2.99 
 1.37 

There were approximately 10,907 shareholders of
record of the common stock as of December 31, 2022. 

The shares were issued pursuant to an exemption
from registration provided by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. 

Dividend Policy 

We have not declared any cash dividends on our
common stock during our fiscal years ended on December 31, 2022 or 2021. Our Board of Directors has made no determination to date
to declare cash dividends during the foreseeable future, but is not likely to do so. There are no restrictions on our ability to pay dividends. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer
and Affiliated Purchasers 

During the quarter ended December 31, 2022,
we did not purchase any shares of our common stock. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION and RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The following discussion and analysis of our
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and related
notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.
Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed below. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include,
but are not limited to, those identified below and those discussed in Risk Factors included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

21 

Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward
looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended Forward-Looking Statements ). All statements other than statements of historical fact included in
this report are Forward-Looking Statements. These Forward-Looking Statements are based on our current expectations, assumptions, estimates
and projections about our business and our industry. Words such as believe, anticipate, expect, intend, 
 plan, propose, may, and other similar expressions identify Forward-Looking statements. In the normal
course of our business, we, in an effort to help keep our shareholders and the public informed about our operations, may from time-to-time
issue certain statements, either in writing or orally, that contain, or may contain, Forward-Looking Statements. Although we believe that
the expectations reflected in such Forward-Looking Statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that such expectations will prove
to have been correct. In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, projections, estimates, forecasts, or other characterizations
of future events or circumstances are Forward-Looking Statements. These Forward-Looking Statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the Forward-Looking Statements. Such important factors Important
Factors and other factors are disclosed in this report, including those factors discussed in Part II - Item 1A.
Risk Factors. All prior and subsequent written and oral Forward-Looking Statements attributable to us or persons acting on our
behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the Important Factors described below that could cause actual results to differ materially
from our expectations as set forth in any Forward-Looking Statement made by or on behalf of us. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on these Forward-Looking Statements, which relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation
to publicly revise these Forward-Looking Statements to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date hereof. You should refer
to and carefully review the information in future documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Overview 

Paysign, Inc. (the Company, Paysign, 
 we or our ), headquartered in Nevada, was incorporated on August 24, 1995, and trades under the symbol PAYS
on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. Paysign is a vertically integrated provider of prepaid card products and processing services for corporate,
consumer and government applications. Our payment solutions are utilized by our corporate customers as a means to increase customer loyalty,
increase patient adherence rates, reduce administration costs and streamline operations. Public sector organizations can utilize our payment
solutions to disburse public benefits or for internal payments. We market our prepaid card solutions under our Paysign brand. As
we are a payment processor and prepaid card program manager, we derive our revenue from all stages of the prepaid card lifecycle. 

We provide a card processing platform consisting
of proprietary systems and software applications based on the unique needs of our clients. We have extended our processing business capabilities
through our proprietary Paysign platform. Through the Paysign platform, we provide a variety of services including transaction processing,
cardholder enrollment, value loading, cardholder account management, reporting, and customer service. The Paysign platform was built on
modern cross-platform architecture and designed to be highly flexible, scalable and customizable. The platform s flexibility and
ease of customization has allowed us to expand our operational capabilities by facilitating our entry into new markets within the payments
space. The Paysign platform delivers cost benefits and revenue building opportunities to our partners. 

We have developed prepaid card programs for corporate
incentive and rewards including, but not limited to, consumer rebates and rewards, donor compensation, clinical trials, healthcare reimbursement
payments and pharmaceutical payment assistance. We have expanded our product offerings to include additional corporate incentive products
and demand deposit accounts accessible with a debit card. In the third quarter of 2022 we expanded our prepaid product offering to include
payroll cards and in the fourth quarter of 2022 we expanded our prepaid product offering to include retail disbursements and prepaid gift
cards. In the future, we expect to further expand our product offerings into other prepaid card offerings such as travel cards and expense
reimbursement cards. Our cards are sponsored by our issuing bank partners. 

22 

Our revenues include fees generated from cardholder
fees, interchange, card program management fees, transaction claims processing fees, and settlement income. Revenue from cardholder fees,
interchange, card program management fees, and transaction claims processing fees is recorded when the performance obligation is fulfilled.
Settlement income is recorded at the expiration of the card program. 

We have two categories for our prepaid debit cards:
(1) corporate and consumer reloadable cards, and (2) non-reloadable cards. 

Reloadable Cards: These types of cards are generally
classified as payroll or considered general purpose reloadable GPR cards. Payroll cards are issued by an employer to an
employee in order to allow the employee to access payroll amounts that are deposited into an account linked to their card. GPR cards can
also be issued to a consumer at a retail location or mailed to a consumer after completing an on-line application. GPR cards can be reloaded
multiple times with a consumer s payroll, government benefit, a federal or state tax refund or through cash reload networks located
at retail locations. Reloadable cards are generally open-loop cards as described below. 

Non-Reloadable Cards: These are generally one-time
use cards that are only active until the funds initially loaded to the card are spent. These types of cards are generally used as gift
or incentive cards. Normally these types of cards are used for the purchase of goods or services at retail locations and cannot be used
to receive cash. 

Both reloadable and non-reloadable cards may be
open-loop, closed-loop, or restricted-loop. Open-loop cards can be used to receive cash at ATM locations by PIN; or purchase goods or
services by PIN or signature at retail locations virtually anywhere that the network brand (American Express, Discover, Mastercard, Visa,
etc.) is accepted. Closed-loop cards can only be used at a specific merchant. Restricted-loop cards can be used at several merchants,
or a defined group of merchants, such as all merchants at a specific shopping mall. 

The prepaid card market in the U.S. has experienced
significant growth in recent years due to consumers and merchants embracing improved technology, greater convenience, more product choices
and greater flexibility. Prepaid cards have also proven to be an attractive alternative to traditional bank accounts for certain segments
of the population, particularly those without, or who could not qualify for, a checking or savings account. 

We manage all aspects of the prepaid card lifecycle,
from managing the card design and approval processes with partners and networks, to production, packaging, distribution, and personalization.
We also oversee inventory and security controls, renewals, lost and stolen card management, and replacement. We deploy a fully staffed,
in-house customer service department which utilizes bilingual customer service representatives, Interactive Voice Response, and two-way
short message service messaging and text alerts. 

Currently, we are focusing our marketing efforts
on corporate incentive and expense prepaid card products in various market verticals including but not limited to general corporate expense,
healthcare related markets including co-pay assistance, clinical trials and donor compensation, loyalty rewards, and incentive cards. 

As part of our continuing platform expansion process,
we evaluate current and emerging technologies for applicability to our existing and future software platform. To this end, we engage with
various hardware and software vendors in evaluation of various infrastructure components. Where appropriate, we use third-party technology
components in the development of our software applications and service offerings. Third-party software may be used for highly specialized
business functions, which we may not be able to develop internally within time and budget constraints. Our principal target markets for
processing services include prepaid card issuers, retail and private-label issuers, small third-party processors, and small and mid-size
financial institutions in the United States and Mexico. 

23 

We have devoted more extensive resources to sales
and marketing activities as we have added essential personnel to our marketing and sales team. We market our Paysign payment solutions
through direct marketing by the Company s sales team. Our primary market focus is on companies that require a streamlined payment
solution for rewards, rebates, payment assistance, and other payments to their customers, employees, agents and others. To reach these
markets, we focus our sales efforts on direct contact with our target market and attendance at various industry specific conferences.
We may, at times, utilize independent contractors who make direct sales and are paid commissions and/or restricted stock awards. We market
our Paysign Premier product through existing communication channels to a targeted segment of our existing cardholders, as well as to a
broad group of individuals, ranging from non-banked to fully banked consumers with a focus on long term users of our product. 

In 2023, we plan to continue to invest additional
funds in technology improvements, sales and marketing, customer service, and regulatory compliance. From time to time, we evaluate raising
capital to enable us to diversify into new market verticals. If we do not raise new capital, we believe that we will still be able to
expand into new vertical markets using internally generated funds. 

2022 Year Milestones 

Grew to approximately 5.3 million cardholders and 550 card programs as of December 31, 2022. 

Year over year revenue increased 29.1 . 

Added 79 net new Plasma programs, launched 7 net new Pharma programs, and added 15 net new Other prepaid programs. 

Results of Operations 

Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The following table summarizes our consolidated financial results: 

Year ended December 31, 
 Variance 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 

Plasma industry 
 34,737,640 
 25,918,150 
 8,819,490 
 34.0 
 
 Pharma industry 
 3,007,140 
 3,361,869 
 (354,729 
 (10.6 
 
 Other 
 288,887 
 184,830 
 104,057 
 56.3 
 
 Total revenues 
 38,033,667 
 29,464,849 
 8,568,818 
 29.1 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 17,079,069 
 14,753,042 
 2,326,027 
 15.8 
 
 Gross profit 
 20,954,598 
 14,711,807 
 6,242,791 
 42.4 
 
 Gross margin 
 55.1 
 49.9 

Operating expenses 

Selling, general and administrative 
 17,700,651 
 14,953,322 
 2,747,329 
 18.4 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 2,909,612 
 2,497,918 
 411,694 
 16.5 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 20,610,263 
 17,451,240 
 3,159,023 
 18.1 
 
 Income (loss) from operations 
 344,335 
 (2,739,433 
 3,083,768 
 N/M 

Net income (loss) 
 1,027,775 
 (2,721,334 
 3,749,109 
 N/M 
 
 Net margin 
 2.7 
 (9.2 

24 

The increase in total revenues of 8,568,818 for
the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in the prior year consisted of a 8,819,490 increase in Plasma revenue,
a reduction of 354,729 in Pharma revenue, and a 104,057 increase in Other revenue. The increase in Plasma revenue was primarily due
to an increase in plasma locations, plasma donations and dollars loaded to card as individuals looked for opportunities to supplement
their income to combat inflationary pressures on gas, rent, and groceries and Mexican nationals were once again allowed to cross the border
to donate plasma. The reduction in Pharma revenue was primarily due to pharma prepaid contracts ending, offset by the growth and launch
of new pharma copay programs. Of the 3,007,140 Pharma industry revenue recognized in 2022, Pharma prepaid accounted for 1,526,180 and
Pharma copay accounted for 1,480,960. This compares to 2021 Pharma prepaid revenues of 2,749,531 and Pharma copay revenues of 612,338. 

Cost of revenues for the year ended December 31,
2022 increased 2,326,027 compared to the same period in the prior year. Cost of revenues is comprised of transaction processing fees,
data connectivity and data center expenses, network fees, bank fees, card production costs, customer service, program management, application
integration setup, and sales and commission expense. Cost of revenues increased primarily due to the increase in our Plasma business as
many of the costs associated with this business are variable in nature as they are provided by third-parties who charge us based on the
number of transactions that occur during the period. In addition, year over year growth in our Pharma copay business contributed to higher
costs as network and commission costs associated with this business are higher than our Pharma prepaid business. 

Gross profit for the year ended December 31,
2022 increased 6,242,791 compared to the prior year resulting primarily from the increase in revenue and cost of sales described above.
The increase in gross margin to 55.1 versus 49.9 compared to the same period in the prior year resulted from operating leverage in our
Plasma business, offset by the mix of products in our Pharma business as we transition from our higher margin prepaid business and related
settlement income to our lower margin copay business, and the launch of Other prepaid programs in the month of December 2022 which have
yet to have had time to mature. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses for
the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 2,747,329 or 18.4 compared to the prior year and consisted primarily of an increase
in technologies and telecom of 975,000, staffing and compensation of 873,000, travel and entertainment of 170,000, rent and occupancy
of 140,000, professional services of 100,000, insurance of 60,000, and other operating expenses of 430,000. 

Depreciation and amortization expense for the
year ended December 31, 2022 increased 411,694 compared to the prior year. The increase in depreciation and amortization expense was
primarily due to continued capitalization of new technologies and enhancements to our processing platform and infrastructure. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded
income from operations of 344,335 an increase of 3,083,768 from the period ending December 31, 2021, related to the aforementioned
factors. 

Other income for the year ended December 31, 2022
increased 762,620 related to an increase in interest income resulting primarily from higher cash balances and increases in the federal
funds rate throughout the year as the Federal Reserve has increased rates to combat inflation. 

The effective tax rate was 9.5 and (0.4 for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The effective tax rates vary, primarily due to
state and federal taxes due, offset by the use of net operating losses. The Company continues to have a full valuation allowance against
its deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022. 

The net profit for the year ended December 31,
2022 increased 3,749,109. The overall change in net income relates to the aforementioned factors. 

Key Metrics, Performance Indicators and Non-GAAP
Measures 

Management reviews a number of metrics to help
us monitor the performance of and identify trends affecting our business. We believe the following measures are the primary indicators
of our quarterly and annual revenues: 

Gross Dollar Volume Loaded on Cards Represents
the total dollar volume of funds loaded to all of our card programs. Our gross dollar volume was 1.595 billion and 1.066 billion for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We use this metric to analyze the total amount of money moving into our
card programs. 

25 

Conversion Rate on Gross Dollar Volume Loaded
on Cards Represents the percent of total gross dollar load volume onto our card programs that is converted into revenue, gross
profit and net profit dollars. Our revenue conversion rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 2.38 or 238 basis
points bps ), and 2.76 or 276 bps, respectively, of gross dollar volume loaded on cards. Our gross profit conversion rate
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 1.31 or 131 bps, and 1.38 or 138 bps, respectively, of gross dollar volume
loaded on cards. Our net profit conversion rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 0.06 or 6 bps and (0.25 or
(25) bps, respectively, of gross dollar volume loaded on cards. The decline in the revenue conversion rate was primarily attributable
to the renewal and restructuring of a referral agreement in Q1 2022. The increase in the gross profit conversion rate was primarily attributable
to operating leverage in our Plasma business, offset by the mix of products in our Pharma business as we transition from our higher margin
prepaid business and related settlement income to our lower margin copay business, and the launch of Other prepaid programs in the month
of December 2022 which have yet to have had time to mature. The increase in the net profit conversion rate was primarily attributable
to improving operating results throughout 2022 as well as increased bank balances and interest rates which led to an increase in net interest
income. 

Management also reviews key performance indicators,
such as revenues, gross profits, operational expenses as a percent of revenues, and cardholder participation. In addition, we consider
certain non-GAAP (or adjusted measures to be useful to management and investors evaluating our operating performance for
the periods presented, and provide a tool for evaluating our ongoing operations, liquidity, and management of assets. This information
can assist investors in assessing our financial performance and measures our ability to generate capital for deployment and investment
in new card programs. These adjusted metrics are consistent with how management views our business and are used to make financial, operating
and planning decisions. These metrics, however, are not measures of financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered a substitute
for revenues, operating income, net income (loss), earnings (loss) per share (basic and diluted) or net cash from operating activities
as determined in accordance with GAAP. We consider the following non-GAAP measures, which may not be comparable to similarly titled measures
reported by other companies, to be key performance indicators: 

EBITDA is defined as earnings before
interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization expense and Adjusted EBITDA reflects the adjustment to EBITDA to exclude
stock-based compensation expense. A reconciliation of net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA is provided in the table below. 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss): 

Net income (loss) 
 1,027,775 
 (2,721,334 
 
 Income tax provision 
 107,477 
 10,198 
 
 Interest income, net 
 (790,917 
 (28,297 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 2,909,612 
 2,497,918 
 
 EBITDA 
 3,253,947 
 (241,515 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 2,277,717 
 2,280,931 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 5,531,664 
 2,039,416 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The following table sets forth the major sources
and uses of cash for our last two fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 25,317,964 
 15,228,189 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (4,091,683 
 (2,679,664 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 
 192,141 
 
 Net increase in cash and restricted cash 
 21,226,281 
 12,740,666 

26 

Comparison of Fiscal 2022 and 2021 

In fiscal 2022 and 2021, we financed our operations
through internally generated funds. 

Operating activities provided 25,317,964 of cash
in 2022, an increase of 10,089,775 compared to 2021. The increase is primarily due to the increase in net income, depreciation and amortization,
and increases in cash flows from changes in operating assets and liabilities. The large year-over-year changes in operating assets and
liabilities related to accounts receivable, accounts payable and customer card funding are primarily due to the growth in our Plasma and
Pharma programs and the timing of collections and payments of our Pharma programs whereby we collect money from pharmaceutical and HUB
service companies and reimburse the pharmacy claims processor, healthcare providers and patients for their out-of-pocket drug costs. 

Investing activities used 4,091,683 of cash in
2022, as compared to 2,679,664 of cash in 2021. The increase is primarily attributable to an increase in the capitalization of internally
developed software relative to the prior year as we continued to invest in new technologies and enhancements to our processing platform
and infrastructure to support the growth of new customers and our existing business. 

No cash was provided or used by financing activities
in 2022. Our cash provided by financing activities for 2021 related entirely to cash received from the exercise of stock options. 

Our significant contractual cash requirements
also include ongoing payments for lease liabilities. For additional information regarding our cash commitments and contractual obligations, see
 Note 5 LEASE in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Liquidity and Sources of Financing 

Unrestricted cash increased 2,321,082 to 9,708,238,
due to the improvement in our operating results throughout 2022. Restricted cash of 80,189,113 are funds used for customer card funding
with a corresponding offset under current liabilities. The increase of 18,905,199 in 2022 versus 2021 was predominately related to increases
in funds on card, increased Plasma deposits, and new Plasma and Pharma customers, offset by declines from Pharma customers whose contracts
terminated during the year. We experienced large increases in accounts receivable and accounts payable primarily due to the launch of
ten new Pharma programs during the year whereby Paysign invoices its customers for reimbursement to pharmacy networks, pharmacies, or
individuals for their out-of-pocket costs and remits those funds to cover the accounts payable liability. We believe that our unrestricted
cash on hand at December 31, 2022 of 9,708,238, along with anticipated revenues, operating profits and free cash flow anticipated
for 2023 and 2024, will be sufficient to sustain our operations for the next twenty-one months. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

The preparation of consolidated financial statements
in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Our estimates will be based on our experience
and our interpretation of economic, political, regulatory, and other factors that affect our business prospects. 

Fixed Assets Fixed assets are stated
at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is principally recorded on the straight-line method over the estimated useful life
of the asset, which is generally 3 to 10 years. The cost of repairs and maintenance is charged to expense as incurred. Leasehold improvements
are capitalized and depreciated over the shorter of the remaining lease term or the estimated useful life of the improvements. Expenditures
for property betterments and renewals are capitalized. Upon sale or other disposition of a depreciable asset, cost and accumulated depreciation
are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is reflected in other income (expense). 

27 

The Company periodically evaluates whether events
and circumstances have occurred that may warrant revision of the estimated useful life of fixed assets or whether the remaining balance
of fixed assets should be evaluated for possible impairment. The Company uses an estimate of the related undiscounted cash flows over
the remaining life of the fixed assets in measuring their recoverability. 

Intangible Assets For intangible
assets, the Company recognizes an impairment loss if the carrying amount of the intangible asset is not recoverable and exceeds fair value.
The carrying amount of the intangible asset is considered not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected
to result from the use of the asset. 

Intangible assets with a finite life are amortized
on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life, which is generally 3 to 15 years. 

Internally Developed Software Costs 
 Computer software development costs are expensed as incurred, except for internal use software or website development costs that qualify
for capitalization as described below, and include compensation and related expenses, costs of hardware and software, and costs incurred
in developing features and functionality. 

For computer software developed or obtained for
internal use, costs that are incurred in the preliminary project and post implementation stages of software development are expensed as
incurred. Costs incurred during the application and development stage are capitalized, as the Platform asset. Capitalized costs are amortized
using the straight-line method over a three year estimated useful life, beginning in the period in which the software is available for
use. 

Income Taxes Income tax expense
is comprised of current and deferred income tax expense. Current income tax expense approximates taxes to be paid or refunded for the
current period. Deferred income tax expense results from the changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the periods. These
gross deferred tax assets and liabilities represent decreases or increases in taxes expected to be paid in the future because of future
reversals of temporary differences between the basis of assets and liabilities as measured by tax laws and their basis as reported in
our consolidated financial statements. We also recognize deferred tax assets for tax attributes such as net operating loss carryforwards
and tax credit carryforwards. We record valuation allowances to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts we conclude are more likely-than-not
to be realized in the foreseeable future. While the Company has considered future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax
strategies in assessing the need for the valuation allowance, if these estimates and assumptions change in the future, the Company may
be required to adjust its valuation allowance. 

Income tax benefits are recognized and measured
based upon a two-step model: 1) a tax position must be more likely-than-not to be sustained based solely on its technical merits in order
to be recognized, and 2) the benefit is measured as the largest dollar amount of that position that is more likely-than-not to be sustained
upon settlement. The difference between the benefit recognized for a position and the tax benefit claimed on a tax return is referred
to as an unrecognized tax benefit. Income tax related interest and penalties, if applicable, are accrued within income tax expense. 

Revenue and Expense Recognition The
Company recognizes revenue when goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration which it expects
to receive in exchange for those goods or services. In determining when and how revenue is recognized from contracts with customers, the
Company performs the following five-step analysis: (i) identification of contracts with customers; (ii) determination of performance obligations;
(iii) measurement of the transaction price; (iv) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations; and (v) recognition
of revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies each performance obligation. 

The Company generates revenues from Plasma card
programs through fees generated from cardholder fees and interchange fees. Revenues from Pharma card programs are generated through card
program management fees, transaction claims processing fees, interchange fees, and settlement income. 

28 

Plasma and Pharma card program revenues include
both fixed and variable components. Cardholder fees represent an obligation to the cardholder based on a per transaction basis and are
recognized at a point in time when the performance obligation is fulfilled. Card program management fees and transaction claims processing
fees include an obligation to our card program sponsors and are generally recognized when earned on a monthly basis and are typically
due within 30 days pursuant to the contract terms which are generally multi-year contracts. The Company uses the output method to recognize
card program management fee revenue at the amount of consideration to which an entity has a right to invoice. The performance obligation
is satisfied when the services are transferred to the customer which the Company determined to be monthly, as the customer simultaneously
receives and consumes the benefit from the Company s performance. Interchange fees are earned when customer-issued cards are processed
through card payment networks as the nature of our promise to the customer is that we stand ready to process transactions at the customer s
requests on a daily basis over the contract term. Since the timing and quantity of transactions to be processed by us are not determinable,
we view interchange fees to comprise an obligation to stand ready to process as many transactions as the customer requests. Accordingly,
the promise to stand ready is accounted for as a single series performance obligation. The Company uses the right to invoice practical
expedient and recognizes interchange fee revenue concurrent with the processing of card transactions. Interchange fees are settled in
accordance with the card payment network terms and conditions, which is typically within a few days. 

The Company utilizes the remote method of revenue
recognition for settlement income whereby the unspent balances will be recognized as revenue at the expiration of the cards and the respective
program. The Company records all revenue on a gross basis since it is the primary obligor and establishes the price in the contract arrangement
with its customers. The Company is currently under no obligation for refunding any fees, and the Company does not currently have any obligations
for disputed claim settlements. Given the nature of the Company s services and contracts, generally it has no contract assets. 

Cost of revenues is comprised of transaction processing
fees, data connectivity and data center expenses, network fees, bank fees, card production and postage costs, customer service, program
management, application integration setup, and sales and commission expense. 

Operating Leases The Company
determines if a contract is or contains a leasing element at contract inception or the date in which a modification of an existing
contract occurs. In order for a contract to be considered a lease, the contract must transfer the right to control the use of an
identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Control is determined to have occurred if the lessee has the
right to (i) obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from the use of the identified asset throughout the period of use and
(ii) direct the use of the identified asset. 

In determining the present value of lease payments
at lease commencement date, the Company utilizes its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available, unless the rate implicit
in the lease is readily determinable. The liability for operating leases is based on the present value of future lease payments. Operating
lease expenses are recorded as rent expense, which is included within selling, general and administrative expenses within the consolidated
statements of operations and presented as operating cash outflows within the consolidated statements of cash flows. 

Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less
are not recorded on the balance sheet, with lease expense for these leases recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

Stock-Based Compensation The Company
recognizes compensation expense for all restricted stock awards and stock options. The fair value of restricted stock awards is measured
using the grant date trading price of our stock. The fair value of stock options is estimated at the grant date using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model, and the portion that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as compensation cost over the requisite service
period. We have elected to recognize compensation expense for all options with graded vesting on a straight-line basis over the vesting
period of the entire option. The determination of fair value using the Black-Scholes pricing model is affected by our stock price as well
as assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables, including expected stock price volatility and the risk-free interest
rate. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Because we are a smaller reporting company, we
are not required to provide the information called for by this Item. 

29 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA. 

The financial statements required by Article 8
of Regulation S-X are attached hereto as Exhibit A . 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

During the two fiscal years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, we did not file any Current Report on Form 8-K reporting any change in accountants in which there was a reported disagreement
on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosures or auditing scope or procedure. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting and Remediation Initiatives 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We have evaluated, under the supervision of our
chief executive officer and chief financial officer and with the participation of other members of management, the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of December 31,
2022. Disclosure controls and procedures means controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that the information we are required
to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by us in those reports is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal
financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our
chief executive officer and chief financial officer evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, our
chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of the evaluation date, such controls and procedures were effective. 

Management's Annual Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for the assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting. As defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission, internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
by, or under the supervision of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer and implemented by our Board of Directors,
management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
our financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Our internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements 

30 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

As of December 31, 2022, we conducted an evaluation,
under the supervision and with the participation of our chief executive officer (our principal executive officer), our chief operating
officer and our chief financial officer (also our principal financial and accounting officer) of the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Management's assessment included an evaluation of the design of our internal control
over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of those controls. 

Based upon this assessment, management concluded
that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

This annual report is not required and does not
include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2022. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING
FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

31 

PART
III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS and CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference
to our proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the year end December 31,
2022. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference
to our proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the year end December 31,
2022. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference
to our proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the year end December 31,
2022. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference
to our proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the year end December 31,
2022. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT
FEES AND SERVICES. 

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference
to our proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the year end December 31,
2022. 

32 

PART
IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL
STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as a part of the report: 

(1) All
financial statements: Audited financial statements of Paysign, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, including balance sheets, statements of income, statements of cash flows, and statements of changes in stockholders 
equity required to be filed hereunder are listed in Exhibit A. 

(2) Those
financial statement schedules required to be filed by Item 8 of this form, and by paragraph (b) below: none. 

(3) Those
exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K (Section 229.601 of this chapter) and by paragraph (b) below. Identify in the list each
management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this form pursuant to Item 15(b) of this
report.: See below. 

(b) 
 Exhibits. 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description of Exhibits 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation dated April 23, 2019 (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (2) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Paysign,
 Inc. s Securities (3) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement between 3PEA International, Inc. and WOW Technologies, Inc. (4) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award (5) 
 
 10.3 
 
 2018 Incentive Compensation Plan (6) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (7) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (8) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (9) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Dan Henry (10) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award under 2018 Incentive Compensation
Plan (11) 

10.9 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award (12) 

14 

Code of Ethics (13) 
 
 16.1 
 
 Letter from BDO USA, LLP to the Securities and Exchange Commission dated April 8, 2022 (14) 
 
 21 
 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant 
 (15) 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Moss Adams LLP 
 
 23.2 
 
 Consent of BDO USA, LLP 
 
 31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications 
 
 31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certifications 
 
 32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certifications 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File 

Filed herewith. 

33 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2019 (File Number 001-38623). 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 22, 2018 (File Number 000-54123). 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 3, 2020 (File Number 001-38623). 
 
 (4) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on September 16, 2010 (File Number 000-54123). 
 
 (5) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Form S-8 filed on March 29, 2019 (File Number 333-230634). 
 
 (6) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Form S-8 filed on March 29, 2019 (File Number 333-230632). 
 
 (7) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Form S-8 filed on March 29, 2019 (File Number 333-230632). 
 
 (8) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Form S-8 filed on March 29, 2019 (File Number 333-230632). 
 
 (9) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to our Form S-8 filed on March 29, 2019 (File Number 333-230632). 
 
 (10) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Form S-8 filed on August 22, 2019 (File Number 333-233400). 
 
 (11) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Form 10-Q filed on August 7, 2019 (File Number 333-230632). 
 
 (12) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Form 10-Q filed on August 7, 2019 (File Number 001-38623). 

(13) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to our Annual Report
on Form 10-K filed on April 3, 2020 (File Number 001-38623). 
 
 (14) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 to our Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed on April 6, 2022 (File Number 001-38623). 
 
 (15) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 26, 2021 (File Number 001-38623). 

(c) 
 Other Financial Statement Schedules: None. 

ITEM 16. Form 10-k summary 

Not applicable. 

34 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

PAYSIGN, INC. 

By: 
 
 Dated: March 22, 2023 
 /s/ Mark Newcomer 

Mark Newcomer, Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Dated: March 22, 2023 
 /s/ Mark Newcomer 

Mark Newcomer, Chief
 Executive Officer, Director and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: March 22, 2023 
 /s/ Jeff Baker 

Jeff Baker, Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting
 Officer) 

Dated: March 22, 2023 
 /s/ Joan Herman 

Joan Herman, Executive Vice President and Director 

Dated: March 22, 2023 
 /s/ Dan Henry 

Dan Henry, Director 

Dated: March 22, 2023 
 /s/ Matthew Lanford 

Matthew Lanford, Director 

Dated: March 22, 2023 
 /s/ Bruce Mina 

Bruce Mina, Director 

Dated: March 22, 2023 
 /s/ Jeffrey B. Newman 

Jeffrey B. Newman, Director 

Dated: March 22, 2023 
 /s/ Dennis Triplett 

Dennis Triplett, Director 

35 

EXHIBIT A 

PAYSIGN, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022
AND 2021 

WITH AUDIT REPORTS OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMS 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Moss Adams LLP; Dallas, TX; PCAOB ID # 
 F-2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP; Las Vegas, NV; PCAOB ID #243) 
 F-3 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and the Board of
Directors of 

 Paysign, Inc. 

 Henderson, NV 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Paysign,
Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity,
and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of
the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The consolidated financial statements of the Company as of December
31, 2021, were audited by other auditors whose report dated March 23, 2022, expressed an unqualified opinion on those statements. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based
on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks.
Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since
2022. 

March 22, 2023 

F- 2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

Shareholders and Board of Directors 

 Paysign, Inc. 

 Henderson, NV 

Opinion on the Consolidated
Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheet of Paysign, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statement of
operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for
the year ended December 31, 2021 , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S.
federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those
risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

/s/ BDO USA, LLP 

We have served as the Company's auditor
since 2020 to 2022. 

Las Vegas, Nevada 

 March 23, 2022 

F- 3 

PAYSIGN, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Other receivables 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Fixed assets, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Operating lease liability, current portion 

Customer card funding 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liability, long term portion 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) 

Stockholders' equity 

Preferred stock: par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding 

Common stock; par value; shares authorized, and issued at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Treasury stock at cost, shares 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 4 

PAYSIGN, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Plasma industry 

Pharma industry 

Other 

Total revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Selling, general and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total operating expenses 

Income (loss) from operations 

Other income 

Interest income, net 

Income (loss) before income tax provision 

Income tax provision 

Net income (loss) 

Loss per share 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average common shares 

Basic 

Diluted 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 5 

PAYSIGN, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Treasury Stock 
 Retained Earnings/ (Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Amount 
 Deficit) 
 Equity 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Stock issued upon vesting of restricted stock 

Exercise of stock options 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Stock issued upon vesting of restricted stock 

Stock-based compensation 

Net income 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 6 

PAYSIGN, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Depreciation and amortization 

Noncash lease expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Other receivables 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Operating lease liability 

Customer card funding 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of fixed assets 

Capitalization of internally developed software 

Purchase of intangible assets 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash and restricted cash 

Cash and restricted cash, beginning of period 

Cash and restricted cash, end of period 

Cash and restricted cash reconciliation: 

Cash 

Restricted cash 

Total cash and restricted cash 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Non-cash financing activities 

Interest paid 

Cash paid for taxes 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 7 

PAYSIGN, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and , respectively, related to the employee retention credit included as a reduction of payroll expense within selling,
general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company has filed
for refunds and recorded and , respectively in other receivables on the consolidated balance sheet. 

cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

and in excess of federally insured limits, respectively. 

The Company also has a concentration of accounts
receivable risk at December 31, 2022 as two Pharma programs each individually representing and of our accounts receivable balance,
of which both balances are current. At December 31, 2021, the Company has a concentration of accounts receivable risk as two Pharma programs
each individually representing and of our accounts receivable balance, of which both balances are current. 

. The cost of repairs and maintenance is charged to expense as incurred. Leasehold improvements
are capitalized and depreciated over the shorter of the remaining lease term or the estimated useful life of the improvements. Expenditures
for property betterments and renewals are capitalized. Upon sale or other disposition of a depreciable asset, cost and accumulated depreciation
are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is reflected in other income (expense). 

The Company periodically evaluates whether events
and circumstances have occurred that may warrant revision of the estimated useful life of fixed assets or whether the remaining balance
of fixed assets should be evaluated for possible impairment. The Company uses an estimate of the related undiscounted cash flows over
the remaining life of the fixed assets in measuring their recoverability. 

. 

Internally Developed Software Costs - Computer
software development costs are expensed as incurred, except for internal use software or website development costs that qualify for capitalization
as described below, and include compensation and related expenses, costs of hardware and software, and costs incurred in developing features
and functionality. 

For computer software developed or obtained for
internal use, costs that are incurred in the preliminary project and post implementation stages of software development are expensed as
incurred. Costs incurred during the application and development stage are capitalized. Capitalized costs are amortized using the straight-line
method over a estimated useful life, beginning in the period in which the software is available for use. 

Contract Assets- Incremental costs to obtain
or fulfill a contract with a customer are capitalized. The Company determines costs are incremental by confirming costs are (i) directly
related to a customer s contract; (ii) generate or enhance resources to fulfill contract performance obligations in the future;
and (iii) recoverable. Amortization is on a straight-line basis generally over , beginning when goods and services
are transferred to the customer or group of customers. 

Cost of revenues is comprised of transaction processing
fees, data connectivity and data center expenses, network fees, bank fees, card production and postage costs, customer service, program
management, application integration setup, and sales and commission expense. 

and , respectively, included in selling, general and administrative expense. 

In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU No.
2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers .
This ASU requires contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination to be recognized and measured by the acquirer
on the acquisition date in accordance with ASU No. 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) . This guidance is
effective for the Company beginning on January 1, 2023 and is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated
financial statements. 

Software 

Furniture and fixtures 

Website costs 

Leasehold improvements 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Fixed assets, net 

Depreciation expense for the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Platform 

Customer lists and contracts 

Licenses 

Contract assets 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Intangible assets, net 

Amortization expense for the year ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Estimated future amortization expense is as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total amortization expense 

years from the effective date and allows for . The two optional extensions are not recognized as part of the right-of-use asset or lease liability since it is not
reasonably certain that the Company will extend this lease. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining lease term was years and the
discount rate was . 

Operating lease cost included in selling, general
and administrative expenses was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Cash paid for
operating lease was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The following is the lease maturity analysis of our operating lease
as of December 31, 2022: 

Twelve months ending December 31, 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

Present value of future lease payments 

Less: current portion of lease liability 

Long-term portion of lease liability 

The opening and closing balances of the Company's liabilities are
as follows: 

Increase (decrease), net 

Ending balance 

The amount of revenue recognized during the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 that was included in the opening liability for prepaid cards was and , respectively. 

shares of common stock, par value per share, and shares of preferred stock, par value
 per share. On that date, the Company had issued shares of common stock and shares of common stock outstanding,
and no shares of preferred stock outstanding. 

In 2019, the Company s shareholders
approved the 3Pea International, Inc. 2018 Incentive Compensation Plan (the 2018 Plan ), which was approved by the
board of directors on July 18, 2018. The Plan permits the Company to issue awards or options to the officers, directors, employees,
consultants and other persons who provide services to our company or any related entity. Pursuant to the 2018 Plan, 
shares of the Company s common stock are reserved for issuance. Any awards or options that are not settled in shares of common
stock are not counted against the limit. Stock options granted under the 2018 Plan generally vest over and expire
in . Stock awards granted under the 2018 Plan generally vest over . In general, if an employee is
terminated, any unvested options or awards as of the date of termination will be forfeited. As of December 31, 2022, there were 
shares available for future grants under the 2018 Plan. 

The Company issues new shares of common stock upon exercise of stock
options or vesting stock awards. 

Stock-based compensation expense for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and
 , respectively, and is
included in selling, general and administrative expense. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s unrecognized stock-based
compensation expense related to stock options and stock awards was and
 ,
respectively, which are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of year
for stock options and years
for stock awards. As of December 31, 2021, the Company s unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to stock
options and stock awards was and
 ,
respectively, which are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of year
for stock options and years
for stock awards. 

2022 Transactions: During the year ended December 31, 2022,
the Company issued shares of common stock as follows: 

shares of common stock were issued related to the exercise of vested stock options. 

shares of common stock were issued for vested stock awards to employees and consultants. 

2021 Transactions: During the year ended December 31, 2021,
the Company issued shares of common stock as follows: 

shares of common stock were issued related to the exercise of vested stock options and received cash proceeds totaling . 

shares of common stock were issued for vested stock awards to employees. 

Stock Options 

A summary of stock options activity for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 is presented as follows: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited/expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited/expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

A summary of unvested options activity for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows: 

Granted 

Forfeited/expired 

Vested 

Unvested at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Forfeited/expired 

Vested 

Unvested at December 31, 2022 

The weighted average grant date fair value of
options granted and the total intrinsic value of options exercised for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

Intrinsic value of options exercised 

The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing
model to estimate the fair value and compensation cost associated with employee stock options, which requires the consideration of historical
employee exercise behavior, the volatility of the Company s stock price, the weighted-average risk-free interest rate and the weighted-average
expected life of the options. Forfeitures are included when they are incurred. Any changes in these assumptions may materially affect
the estimated fair value of the share-based award. There were no options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Stock Awards 

A summary of stock awards activity for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 was as follows: 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Vested 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Vested 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Denominator: 

Weighted average common shares: 

Denominator for basic calculation 

Weighted average effects of potentially diluted common stock: 

Stock options (calculated under treasury method) 

Unvested restricted stock awards 

Denominator for fully diluted calculation 

Net income (loss) per common share: 

Basic 

Fully diluted 

Due to the net loss for the year ended December 31,
2021, the effect of all potential common share equivalents was anti-dilutive, and therefore, all such shares were excluded from the computation
of diluted weighted average shares outstanding. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the amount of potential common share equivalents
excluded were for stock options and for unvested restricted stock awards. 

and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

State 

Current income tax provision 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Deferred income tax provision 

Income tax provision 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the reconciliation
of the federal statutory tax rate to the benefit rate for income taxes is as follows: 

Stock-based compensation 

IRC Section 162(m) limitation 

Tax credits 

Other permanent differences 

State taxes 

Change in state rate 

Return-to-provision adjustments 

Change in valuation allowance 

Change in carryovers and tax attributes 

Effective tax rate 

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are comprised
of the following at December 31: 

Operating lease obligation 

Stock-based compensation 

Tax credits 

Other 

Other carryforwards 

Accrued bonuses 

Deferred tax assets, gross 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Intangible assets 

Fixed assets 

Right-of-use assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Less valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company has
gross Federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 
and gross state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately .
The Company's Federal net operating losses can be carried forward indefinitely. The carryforward periods for the Company's state net
operating losses range from and begin to expire in 2035. 

Pursuant to Sections 382 and 383 of the
Internal Revenue Code IRC ), Federal and state tax laws impose significant restrictions on the utilization of net
operating loss and other tax carryforwards in the event of a change in ownership of the Company. The Company has not yet completed a
formal study, but does not expect IRC Sections 382 and 383 to significantly impact the future utilization of its net operating
losses and other tax carryforwards. 

Deferred taxes arise from temporary
differences in the recognition of certain expenses for tax and financial reporting purposes. In assessing the realizability of
deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets
will not be realized. At December 31, 2020, management determined that its more-likely-than-not that the Company s net
deferred tax assets would not be realized in the near future and placed a full valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets. The
Company continues to have a full valuation allowance in 2022. The Company's valuation allowance represents the amount of tax
benefits that are likely to not be realized. The net change in the valuation allowance from December 31, 2021 to 2022 was .
The net change in the valuation allowance from December 31, 2020 to 2021 was . 

A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized
tax benefits is as follows: 

Additions for current year 

Additions for prior year 

Subtractions for current year 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Additions for current year 

Additions for prior year 

Subtractions for current year 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has no accrual for interest
and penalties related to its unrecognized tax benefits. The balance of the unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 are included
in the deferred tax asset, net. The Company's effective tax rate would not be impacted if its uncertain tax benefits were recognized due
to the Company's full valuation allowance. There are no positions for which it is reasonably possible that the uncertain tax benefit will
significantly increase or decrease within twelve months. The Company files income tax returns in the United States and various state jurisdictions.
The federal statute of limitation remains open for the 2018 tax year to present. The state statutes of limitation remain open for the
2020 tax year through present. 

F- 21 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 paysign_ex2301.htm
 CONSENT

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
on Form S-8 (No. 333-230632, No. 333-230634 and No. 333-233400) of Paysign, Inc. (the Company ), of our report dated
March 22, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of the Company, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of
the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Moss Adams LLP 

Dallas, TX 

 March 22, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 3
 paysign_ex2302.htm
 CONSENT

Exhibit 23.2 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-230632, No. 333-230634, and No. 333-233400) of Paysign, Inc. of our report dated March
23, 2022, relating to the consolidated financial statements, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ BDO USA, LLP 

Las Vegas, Nevada 

 March 22, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 paysign_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Mark Newcomer, certify
that: 

(1) I have reviewed this annual
report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the report of Paysign, Inc.; 

(2) Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) The registrant's other
certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The registrant's other
certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's
auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: March 22, 2023 
 /s/ Mark Newcomer 

Mark Newcomer 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 paysign_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Jeff Baker, certify that: 

(1) I have reviewed this annual
report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the report of Paysign, Inc.; 

(2) Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) The registrant's other
certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The registrant's other
certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's
auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: March 22, 2023 
 
/s/ Jeff Baker 

Jeff Baker 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 paysign_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS

Exhibit 32.1 

SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATIONS 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Mark Newcomer, the Chief Executive Officer of Paysign, Inc., a Nevada corporation
(the Company ), does hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

1. The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period
ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Mark Newcomer 

 Mark Newcomer, 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 (principal executive officer) 

Date: March 22, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 paysign_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS

Exhibit 32.2 

SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATIONS 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Jeff Baker, the Chief Financial Officer of Paysign, Inc., a Nevada corporation
(the Company ), does hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

1. The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period
ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of the Company complies fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Jeff Baker 

 Jeff Baker 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (principal financial officer) 

Date: March 22, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 pays-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 pays-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 pays-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 pays-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

