<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1282631_0001558370-23-002384.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9450554</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>298393</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1368684</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3456037</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1534393</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2528733</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-002384.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228163054
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-002384
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NETLIST INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001282631
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				954812784
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33170
		FILM NUMBER:		23686012

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 ACADEMY, SUITE 100
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92617
		BUSINESS PHONE:		949-435-0025

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 ACADEMY, SUITE 100
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92617

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-002384.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 nlst-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _____ to _____ Commission file number NETLIST, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. employer Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

(Title of class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the registrant s voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of July 2, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately million. As of February 21, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE None. 

Table of Contents 
 Netlist, Inc. and Subsidiaries Form 10-K For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 TABLE OF CONTENTS 31 

Page PART I Item 1 Business 3 Item 1A Risk Factors 9 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 34 Item 2 Properties 34 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 35 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 35 PART II Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 36 Item 6 [Reserved] 37 Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 38 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 44 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 46 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 79 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 79 Item 9B Other Information 80 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 80 PART III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 81 Item 11 Executive Compensation 82 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 88 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 89 Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 90 PART IV Item 15 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 91 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 95 Signatures 96 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY Note ABOUT Forward-Looking Statements This report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are statements other than historical facts and often address future events or our future performance. Words such as anticipate, estimate, expect, project, intend, may, will, might, plan, predict, believe, should, could and similar words or expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Forward-looking statements contained in this report include statements about, among other things: our beliefs regarding the market and demand for our products or the component products we resell; our ability to develop and launch new products that are attractive to the market and stimulate customer demand for these products; our plans relating to our intellectual property, including our goals of monetizing, licensing, expanding and defending our patent portfolio; our expectations and strategies regarding outstanding legal proceedings and patent reexaminations relating to our intellectual property portfolio; specific and overall impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our financial condition and results of operations; our expectations with respect to any strategic partnerships or other similar relationships we may pursue; the competitive landscape of our industry; general market, economic and political conditions; our business strategies and objectives; our expectations regarding our future operations and financial position, including revenues, costs and prospects, and our liquidity and capital resources, including cash flows, sufficiency of cash resources, efforts to reduce expenses and the potential for future financings; our ability to remediate any material weakness, maintain effective internal control over financial reporting; and the impact of the above factors and other future events on the market price and trading volume of our common stock. All forward-looking statements reflect management s present assumptions, expectations and beliefs regarding future events and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by any forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties and other factors include those described in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Form 10-K. In light of these risks, uncertainties and other factors, our forward-looking statements should not be relied on as predictions of future events. Additionally, many of these risks and uncertainties are currently elevated by and may or will continue to be elevated by the COVID-19 pandemic. All forward-looking statements reflect our assumptions, expectations and beliefs only as of the date they are made, and except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by this cautionary note. Unless the context indicates otherwise, all references to Netlist, our Company, we, us, or our in this report refer to Netlist, Inc., together with its consolidated subsidiaries, and all cross-references to notes in this Form 10-K refer to the identified note contained in our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. We own registered or unregistered trademark rights to NVvault , HyperCloud , HybriDIMM , EXPRESSvault , PreSight , memory at storage capacities, storage at memory speeds , Netlist and our company logo. Although we do not use the or symbol in each instance in which one of our registered or common law trademarks appears in this report, this should not be construed as any indication that we will not assert our rights thereto to the fullest extent under applicable law. Any other service marks, trademarks or trade names appearing in this report are the property of their respective owners. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business Overview Netlist provides high-performance memory solutions to enterprise customers in diverse industries. Our products in various capacities and form factors and our line of custom and specialty memory products bring leading performance to customers in a variety of industries globally and cloud service providers. Netlist licenses its portfolio of intellectual property, including solutions relating to volatile memory, storage memory, and hybrid memory. Our Industry The global high-performance memory module market is driven by increasing demand from data center and enterprise storage applications for improved input/output performance, lower latency, and increased redundant persistent data storage capacities. The proliferation of mobile devices, social media platforms, cognitive/artificial intelligence systems and cloud-based software applications has resulted in the accelerating creation and transmission of data. To manage and analyze this data, we believe new memory and storage technologies need to be developed and implemented to satisfy the needs in the industry. Technical challenges arising from the production of dynamic random access memory integrated circuits DRAM ICs or DRAM is limiting the material s long-term viability as the high-speed memory of choice in demanding computing environments. Conversely, NAND flash memory NAND flash ), while characterized by lower access speeds, is scaling down in cost and scaling up in density at a significantly better rate than DRAM. This has led the industry to explore alternative computer architectures and new memory materials capable of bridging DRAM s superior access speed with NAND flash s lower cost and higher densities. We expect memory subsystems relying on intelligent controller technology to leverage NAND flash will most effectively address the industry s growing need for high-speed data management and analytics. Further, DRAM-based memory solutions are being developed to accommodate the industry s need for significant memory bandwidth increases. These growing needs have led to the development and implementation of new DDR5 Dual Inline Memory Module DIMM technologies like power management on-module, as well as higher-capacity High Bandwidth Memory HBM components. As one example of a possible trend in developing technologies to support the newest DDR5 standard and beyond we expect continued focus on moving logic and management functionality away from host systems and onto memory modules themselves. Product Technologies Our portfolio of proprietary technologies and design techniques includes: Distributed Buffer Architecture We invented the distributed buffer architecture that enables the buffering of data signals along the bottom edge of a memory module using multiple data buffer devices distributed between the edge connector and the DRAM. The result was shorter data paths, improved signal integrity, and reduced latency compared to the industry-standard design for DDR3 load-reduced dual in-line memory module LRDIMM ). The memory industry has widely adopted our distributed architecture for DDR4 LRDIMM. Our HyperCloud product was our first LRDIMM product built on this innovative and proprietary distributed buffer architecture. Localized Module-Based Power Management Architecture Early in our company s history of research and development efforts, we developed innovative solutions for improving the performance of memory through the increased precision of voltage regulation. Netlist s solution was to 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 transfer the power management capabilities away from the host system and move them nearer to the components on the memory modules themselves. The result was improved granularity of system power loading, which could translate to improved functionality and higher data transfer speed. Relocating power management functionality onto modules also allows multiple distinct devices on a single module to receive power and operate harmoniously. While many in the memory industry have now adopted this approach for their DDR5-based DIMMs, our NVvault products incorporated this localized power management functionality long before. Design Expertise We have designed special algorithms that can be implemented in stand-alone integrated circuits or integrated into other functional blocks in application-specific integrated circuits ASICs ). We utilized these algorithms in our HybriDIMM product to incorporate load reduction functionality. We also incorporated these algorithms in our NVvault product line, which is known in the industry as NVDIMM-N. Proprietary PCB Designs We utilize advanced techniques to optimize electronic signal strength and integrity within a printed circuit board PCB ). These techniques include the use of 10-layer or 12-layer boards, matching conductive trace lengths, a minimized number of conductive connectors, or vias, and precise load balancing to, among other benefits, help reduce noise and crosstalk between adjacent traces. In addition, our proprietary designs for the precise placement of intra-substrate components allow us to assemble memory subsystems with significantly smaller physical size, enabling original equipment manufacturers OEMs to develop products with smaller footprints for their customers. Very Low-Profile Designs We believe we were the first company to create memory subsystems in a form factor of less than one inch in height. Our innovative very low profile VLP DIMMs provide developers of server blades, storage bridge bay applications, telecommunications servers, switches and routers with a wide range of high performance memory options where efficient use of motherboard space is critical. Our technology has allowed us to decrease the system board space required for memory, and improve thermal performance and operating speeds, by enabling our customers to use alternative methods of component layout. 2 High-Profile Designs We have designed expanded-size memory systems in a form factor of two inches in height. Our larger 2 tall DIMM designs and associated technologies can provide developers with solutions requiring greatly expanded DIMM capacities while still satisfying requirements for high bandwidth functionality. Thermal Management Designs We design our memory subsystems to ensure effective heat dissipation. We use thermal simulation and data to obtain thermal profiles of the memory subsystem during the design phase, allowing us to rearrange components to enhance thermal characteristics and, if necessary, replace components that do not meet specifications. We also develop and use proprietary heat spreaders to enhance the thermal management characteristics of our memory subsystems. Compute Express Link Technology We are investing in new technologies like memory expansion applications that utilize Compute Express Link CXL ), which improves server capacity and bandwidth beyond what traditional memory channels can provide. Traditional memory channel bandwidth and capacities can no longer keep up with host central processing unit needs. As this space matures, we believe that CXL technology will allow larger memory pools to be placed further away from the host central processing unit and still be seamlessly utilized with the traditional channel memory. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Products Our commercially available memory subsystem products and other products that we sell include: Component and Other Product Resales Due to our relationships with memory channel customers, in addition to our own products, we resell certain component products that we purchase for the purpose of resale. We have purchased certain of these products under the terms of a product supply agreement with SK hynix, Inc., a South Korean memory semiconductor supplier SK hynix ). We have also sourced resale products from other suppliers. Additionally, we sell excess component inventory to distributors and other users of memory integrated circuits. For information regarding our concentrations and customers, see Note 10 Major Customers, Suppliers and Products of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Specialty DIMMs and Embedded Flash A small portion of our net product sales is from OEM sales of specialty memory modules and flash-based products, the majority of which are utilized in data center and industrial applications. When developing custom modules for an OEM system launch, we engage with our OEM customers from the earliest stages of new product development definition, providing us valuable insight into their full range of system architecture and performance requirements. This close collaboration has also allowed us to develop a significant level of systems expertise. We leverage a portfolio of proprietary technologies and design techniques, including efficient planar design, alternative packaging techniques and custom semiconductor logic, to deliver memory subsystems with persistence, high density, small form factor, high signal integrity, attractive thermal characteristics, reduced power consumption and low cost per bit. Customers We resell certain component products that we purchase for the purpose of resale to certain end-customers that are not reached in the distribution models of the component manufacturers, including storage customers, appliance customers, system builders and cloud and datacenter customers. We also market and sell our memory subsystem products, primarily to OEMs in the server, high-performance computing and communications markets. Our target markets are characterized by a limited number of large companies, and consolidation in one or more of our target markets may further increase this concentration. As a result, sales to small numbers of customers have historically represented a substantial portion of our net product sales. Additionally, the composition of major customers and their respective contributions to our net product sales have fluctuated and will likely continue to fluctuate from period to period as our existing and prospective customers progress through the life cycle of the products they produce and sell and experience resulting fluctuations in their product demand. For further information about our customer concentrations, see Note 10 Major Customers, Suppliers and Products to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. We do not consider our businesses to be seasonal to any significant degree. We do not have long-term agreements with any of our customers. Instead, our product sales are made primarily pursuant to stand-alone purchase orders that we often receive no more than two weeks in advance of the desired delivery date and that may be rescheduled or cancelled on relatively short notice, which reduces our backlog of firm orders. Customers are generally allowed limited rights of return for up to 30 days, except for sales of excess inventories, which contain no right-of-return privileges. Additionally, we offer warranties on our memory subsystems generally ranging from one to three years, depending on the product and negotiated terms of purchase orders from our customers. These warranties require us to repair or replace defective products returned to us during such warranty period at no cost to the customer. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Sales and Marketing We primarily market and sell our products and the component products we resell through a direct sales force and a network of independent sales representatives. Our sales activities focus primarily on developing strong relationships at the technical, marketing and executive management levels within existing and prospective customers in our target markets. We utilize well-trained, highly technical program management teams to drive new product development and quickly respond to our customers needs and expectations. Our program management teams provide quick response times and act as a single point-of-contact for customer s issues that may arise during the sales process. Additionally, they help us address the long-term business and technology goals of our customers. We employ a team approach to business development whereby our sales team and independent representatives identify, qualify and prioritize customer prospects through offices in a number of locations worldwide. Resources Manufacturing We manufacture memory subsystem products at our facility in the People s Republic of China PRC ), which is certified in International Organization for Standardization ISO 9001:2008 Quality Management Systems and ISO 14001:2004 Environmental Management Standards. Our in-house manufacturing function, combined with our engineering and design capabilities, allows us to assemble our memory subsystems quickly and in high volume. Our manufacturing facility is capable of surface mount assembly, subsystem testing, system-level burn-in testing, programming, marking, labeling and packaging. Manufacturing cycle times for our memory subsystem products, from receipt of order, are typically one week or less and in some cases as short as two days. We schedule production based on purchase order commitments and anticipated orders. We release raw materials to the manufacturing floor by means of an online shop floor control system, which allows for internal quality analysis, direct access to inventory information and production floor material tracking. We have a flexible manufacturing workforce, which allows us to manage unforecasted demand. We perform ongoing reliability testing on our memory subsystems and share the results of that testing with our customers. In addition, we have implemented procedures that require all of our memory subsystems to undergo functional and system burn-in testing prior to delivery to a customer. We also supplement our test capabilities with advanced imaging technology to inspect the quality of our assemblies. Supply Chain We acquire components and materials, such as field-programmable gate arrays FPGAs ), ASICs, DRAM ICs and NAND flash, directly from integrated circuit manufacturers and assemble them into our finished subsystem products. We have developed supplier relationships with several manufacturers of these component products, and we typically qualify our memory subsystem products with our customers using multiple component manufacturers. However, our actual purchases of component products, both for integration into our products and for resale, are concentrated in a small number of suppliers. Various factors could impact the availability of materials or components, and shortages or increases in lead times have occurred in the past, are currently occurring with respect to some materials and components, and may occur from time to time in the future. We order component products based primarily on forecasts of customer demand, which subjects us to certain inventory risks in the event our forecasts are not accurate. In order to mitigate these inventory risks, we seek to resell to distributors and other users of memory integrated circuits excess quantities of the component inventories we have purchased for integration in our memory subsystem products. Our quality assurance engineers work with our suppliers to ensure that the raw materials we receive meet our quality standards. These engineers also perform on-site supplier factory audits and use our internal test and inspection systems to verify that purchased components and materials meet 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 our specifications. Our supplier quality program and incoming material quality control program are important aspects of our manufacturing and sale processes. Patents As of December 31, 2022, we had over 100 patents, which have various terms expiring through 2041. Our issued patents cover various aspects of our innovations and include various claim scopes and, as a result, we believe our business is not materially dependent on any one claim in any of our existing patents or pending patent applications. Competition Our products are primarily targeted to OEMs in the server, high-performance computing and communications markets. In addition, we resell certain component products to storage customers, appliance customers, system builders and cloud and datacenter customers. These markets are intensely competitive, as numerous companies vie for business opportunities at a limited number of large OEMs and other customers. We face competition from DRAM suppliers, memory module providers and logic suppliers for many of our products. Additionally, if and to the extent we enter new markets or pursue licensing arrangements to monetize our technologies and intellectual property portfolio, we may face competition from a large number of competitors that produce solutions utilizing similar or competing technologies. Some of our customers and suppliers may have proprietary products or technologies that are competitive with our products or the components we resell to them, or could develop internal solutions or enter into strategic relationships with, or acquire, other high-density memory module or component providers. Any of these actions could reduce our customers demand for our products or the component products we resell. Additionally, some of our significant suppliers could choose to sell component products to customers directly, which would adversely affect our ability to resell these products, or choose to manufacture competitive memory subsystem products themselves or reduce our supply of essential components of our products, which could adversely affect our ability to manufacture and sell our memory subsystems. We believe the principal competitive factors in the selection of memory subsystems or the component products we resell by existing and potential future customers are: price; timeliness of new value-add product introductions; development of advanced technologies; fulfillment capability and flexibility; understanding of system and business requirements; design characteristics and performance; quality and reliability; track record of volume delivery; and credibility with the customer We believe we compete favorably with respect to these factors. However, our target markets could disagree, or circumstances could change with respect to one or more of these competitive factors. Further, we believe our ability to compete in our current target markets and potential future markets will depend in part on our ability to successfully and timely develop, introduce and sell at attractive prices new and enhanced products or technologies and otherwise respond to changing market requirements, which we may not be able to do faster and better than our competitors. Moreover, many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical, marketing, distribution and other resources, broader product lines, lower cost structures, greater brand recognition, more influence on industry standards, more extensive or established patent portfolios and longer standing relationships with customers and suppliers. We may not be able to compete effectively against any of these organizations. If we are unable to compete effectively, then our market position and prospects could deteriorate and our revenues could decline. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Research and Development Our industry is characterized by rapid technological change, evolving industry standards and rapid product obsolescence. As a result, continuous development of new technology, processes and product innovation is necessary in order to be successful. We believe the continued and timely development of new products and improvement of existing products are critical to our business and prospects for growth. Our research and development activities are conducted at our headquarters in Irvine, California. Our engineering team delivers innovative solutions with a focus on meeting our customers performance requirements with our expertise in computer architectures, system memory, subsystem design and memory software, ASIC design, as well as high density PCB design and thermal management. Our engineers focus on developing and incorporating new techniques, methodologies and processes for testing and manufacturing our products. Our engineers also collaborate with our customers to provide us with insights into and expertise in systems architecture, power budget, performance requirements, operating environment (such as air flow and operating temperature) and any mechanical constraints. We have invested significant resources in our product research and development efforts. Our customers typically do not separately compensate us for design and engineering work involved in developing application-specific products for them. Human Capital As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 100 full-time and part-time employees globally. Our future success will depend in part on our ability to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified technical, managerial and other personnel for whom competition is intense. We are not party to any collective bargaining agreements with any of our employees. We have never experienced a work stoppage, and we believe our employee relations are good. We promote an atmosphere of mutual respect and recognize that diversity creates differences in perspective that strengthens our business. It is our practice to hire, motivate and retain people solely on the basis of ability, experience, training and future potential. We invest in our workforce by offering competitive salaries, incentives, and benefits. Our incentives are meritocracy-based and we have a strong pay for performance culture that we believe drives superior results. We offer our employees opportunities to advance their careers at Netlist. We are focused on leadership progression and encourage our employees to take advantage of new opportunities. Government Regulations We are subject to various and frequently changing U.S. federal, state and local and foreign laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including laws governing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the clean-up of contaminated sites. In particular, some of our manufacturing processes may require us to handle and dispose of hazardous materials from time to time. For example, in the past our manufacturing operations have used lead-based solder in the assembly of our products. Today, we use lead-free soldering technologies in our manufacturing processes, as this is required for products entering the European Union. We could incur substantial costs, including clean-up costs, civil or criminal fines or sanctions and third-party claims for property damage or personal injury, as a result of violations of or noncompliance with these and other environmental laws and regulations. Although we have not incurred significant costs to date to comply with these laws and regulations, new laws or changes to current laws and regulations to make them more stringent could require us to incur significant costs to remain in compliance. We also may be subject to a variety of laws and regulations relating to other matters, including workplace health and safety, labor and employment, foreign business practices (including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and applicable foreign anti-bribery laws), data protection, public reporting and taxation, among others. It is difficult and costly to manage the requirements of every authority having jurisdiction over our various activities and to comply with 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 their varying standards. Any changes to existing regulations or adoption of new regulations may result in significant additional expense to us or our customers. Further, our failure to comply with any applicable laws and regulations may result in a variety of administrative, civil and criminal enforcement measures, including monetary penalties or imposition of sanctions or other corrective requirements. Available Information Information about us is available at our website, www.netlist.com, to which we regularly post copies of our press releases as well as additional information about us. Our filings are available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), including our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy and information statements and amendments to these reports or statements. All SEC filings are also available at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Our website also contains copies of our corporate governance guidelines, code of business conduct and ethics, insider trading policy and whistleblower policy. The information contained on the websites referenced in this Form 10-K is not incorporated by reference into this filing. Further, our references to website URLs are intended to be inactive textual references only. Item 1A. Risk Factors Summary of Risk Factors The risk factors summarized and detailed below could materially harm our business, operating results, financial condition, impair our future growth prospects and/or cause the price of our common stock to decline. These are not all of the risks we face and other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also affect our business if they occur. In assessing these risks, you should also review the other information contained in this report, including our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes, and the other filings we make with the SEC. Material risks that may affect our business, operating results and financial condition include, but are not necessarily limited to, those relating to the following: Risks Related to Our Business, Operations and Industry Significant increases in worldwide supply of semiconductor memory and storage could lead to declines in demand and average selling prices for our products, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition; We have historically incurred losses and may continue to incur losses; The vast majority of our net product sales in recent periods have been generated from resales of component products, including products sourced from SK hynix, and any decline in these product resales could significantly harm our performance; We face risks related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related protective public health measures; We are subject to risks relating to our focus on developing our CXL products for our target customer markets; Sales to a small number of customers have historically represented a significant portion of our net product sales, and the loss of, or a significant reduction in sales to, any one of these customers could materially harm our business; We are subject to risks of disruption in the supply of component products; Our customers require that our products undergo a lengthy and expensive qualification process without any assurance of sales; If we are unable to timely and cost-effectively develop new or enhanced products that achieve customer and market acceptance or technologies we can monetize, our revenues and prospects could be materially harmed; We face intense competition in our industry, and we may not be able to compete successfully in our target markets; 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Our operating results may be adversely impacted by worldwide economic and political uncertainties and specific conditions in the markets we address and in which we or our strategic partners or competitors do business, including ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and the cyclical nature of and volatility in the memory market and semiconductor industry; Our lack of a significant backlog of unfilled orders and the difficulty inherent in estimating customer demand makes it difficult to forecast our short-term requirements, and any failure to optimally calibrate our production capacity and inventory levels to meet customer demand could adversely affect our revenues, gross margin and earnings; Declines in our average sale prices, driven by volatile prices for components and other factors, may result in declines in our revenues and gross margin; Our manufacturing operations involve significant risks; We depend on third parties to design and manufacture components for our products and the component products we resell, which exposes us to risks; If our products or the component products we resell do not meet quality standards or are defective or used in defective systems, we may be subject to quality holds, warranty claims, recalls or liability claims; Our indemnification obligations for the infringement by our products of the rights of others could require us to pay substantial damages; We depend on certain key employees, and our business could be harmed if we lose the services of any of these employees or are unable to attract and retain other qualified personnel; We rely on our internal and third-party sales representatives to market and sell our products and the component products we resell, and any failure by these representatives to perform as expected could reduce our sales; Our operations could be disrupted by power outages, natural disasters, cyber-attacks or other factors; Difficulties with our global information technology systems, including any unauthorized access or cyber-attacks, could harm our business; If we do not effectively manage any future growth we may experience, our resources, systems and controls may be strained and our results of operations may suffer; If we acquire businesses or technologies or pursue other strategic transactions or relationships in the future, these transactions could disrupt our business and harm our operating results and financial condition; Increased prices and inflation could negatively impact our margin performance and our financial results; and Geopolitical risks associated with Russia s invasion of Ukraine could result in increased market volatility and uncertainty, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Risks Related to Laws and Regulations We are exposed to additional business, regulatory, political, operational, financial and economic risks related to our international sales and operations; Our failure to comply with environmental and other applicable laws and regulations could subject us to significant fines and liabilities or cause us to incur significant costs; Regulations related to conflict minerals may cause us to incur additional expenses and could limit the supply and increase the cost of certain metals used in manufacturing our products; We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to remediate the material weakness, or if we identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect our business; and We are required to comply with certain provisions of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended SOX ), that place significant demands on our resources, and the transition to the higher reporting and control standards that applies to us as a large accelerated filer may cause management distraction and increased costs. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to Intellectual Property and Litigation We may be unsuccessful in monetizing our intellectual property portfolio; We are and expect to continue to be involved in other legal and administrative proceedings to enforce or protect our intellectual property rights and to defend against claims that we infringe the intellectual property rights of others; If our proprietary rights are not protected, our customers or our competitors might gain access to our proprietary designs, processes and technologies, which could adversely affect our operating results; and We may become involved in non - patent related litigation and administrative proceedings that may materially adversely affect us. Risks Related to Capitalization and Financial Markets We may not have sufficient working capital to fund our planned operations, and, as a result, we may need to raise additional capital in the future, which may not be available when needed, on acceptable terms or at all; The price and trading volume of our common stock has and may continue to fluctuate significantly in reaction to real or perceived developments in our business; We have incurred a material amount of indebtedness to fund our operations, the terms of which have required us to pledge substantially all of our assets as security. Our level of indebtedness and the terms of such indebtedness could adversely affect our operations and liquidity; There is a limited market for our common shares, and the trading price of our common shares is subject to volatility; Future issuances of our common stock or rights to purchase our common stock, including pursuant to our equity incentive plans, could result in additional dilution to the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause the price of our common stock to decline; Sales of our common stock, or the perception that such sales could occur, could cause the market price of our stock to drop significantly, regardless of the state of our business; As a sole director, Chun K. Hong has significant control over all corporate decisions that may not be in the best interest of our other stockholders; Anti-takeover provisions under our charter documents and Delaware law, as well as our rights agreement, could delay or prevent a change of control and could also limit the market price of our common stock; and We do not currently intend to pay dividends on our common stock, and any return to investors is expected to result, if at all, only from potential increases in the price of our common stock. Risks Related to Our Business, Operations and Industry Significant increases in worldwide supply of semiconductor memory and storage could lead to declines in demand and average selling prices for our products, which materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. Our suppliers generally seek to increase wafer output, improve yields, and reduce die size, which could result in significant increases in worldwide supply and downward pressure on prices. Increases in worldwide supply of semiconductor memory and storage also result from fabrication capacity expansions, either by way of new facilities, increased capacity utilization, or reallocation of other semiconductor production to semiconductor memory and storage production. Increases in worldwide supply of semiconductor memory and storage could lead to declines in average selling prices and a decrease in short-term and/or long-term demand resulting in industry oversupply and could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We have historically incurred losses and may continue to incur losses. Since the inception of our business in 2000, we have only experienced two fiscal years (2006 and 2021) with profitable results. In order to sustain profitability, or to achieve and sustain positive cash flows from operations, we must 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 reduce operating expenses and/or increase our revenues and gross margin. Although we have in the past engaged in a series of cost reduction actions, such expense reductions alone will not make us profitable or allow us to sustain profitability if it is achieved, and eliminating or reducing strategic initiatives could limit our opportunities and prospects. Our ability to sustain profitability will depend on increased revenue growth from, among other things, increased demand for our product offerings and our ability to monetize our intellectual property. We may not be successful in any of these pursuits, and we may not be able to sustain profitability if achieved. The vast majority of our net product sales in recent periods have been generated from resales of component products, including products sourced from SK hynix, and any decline in these product resales could significantly harm our performance. The vast majority of our net product sales in recent periods have been generated from resales of component products, including solid-state drives SSDs ), NAND flash and DRAM products. We resell these component products to end-customers that are not reached in the distribution models of the component manufacturers, including storage customers, appliance customers, system builders and cloud and datacenter customers. These component product resales are subject to a number of risks. For example, demand for these products could decline at any time for a number of reasons, including, among others, changing customer requirements or preferences, product obsolescence, introduction of more advanced or otherwise superior competing products by our competitors, the ability of our customers to obtain these products or substitute products from alternate sources (including from the manufacturer directly), customers reducing their need for these products generally, or the other risk factors described in this report. We have no long-term agreements or other commitments with respect to sales of these or any of the other products we sell. As a result, any decrease in demand for these products from us would reduce our sale levels and could materially adversely impact our revenues. Additionally, opportunistic purchases of products for resale, when coupled with a decrease in demand, may cause us to write off excess inventory which would adversely affect our operating performance. We may experience supply shortages at any time and for a variety of reasons, including, among others, spikes in customer demand that cannot be satisfied, any problems that arise with SK hynix s manufacturing operations or facilities that cause disruptions or delays, including from the recent COVID-19 pandemic, or any failure to comply with the terms of the agreements regarding the supply of these products. If we choose, or if we are forced, to seek to supply the component products we resell from other suppliers, we may not be able to identify other suppliers that are available and able to produce the particular components with the specific product specifications and in the quantities our customers require, or we may not be able to make arrangements with any other suppliers in a timely manner to avoid delays in satisfying customer orders. Further, even if we are able to make arrangements with other suppliers for sufficient component products to replace any undersupply from SK hynix, we may not be able to make these arrangements on financial and other terms comparable to those we have negotiated with SK hynix. As a result, any inability to obtain sufficient component products from SK hynix could increase our cost of sales for component product resales if we are forced to pay higher prices to obtain the products from other suppliers. Moreover, all of our supply arrangements for these component products and any arrangements we may establish with other suppliers, are subject to the other supply and manufacturing risks discussed elsewhere in these risk factors. Increased reliance on product resales also has a substantial impact on our results of operations. Because the cost of the component products we purchase for resale is added to our cost of sales for these products, our gross margin on resales of component products is significantly lower than our gross margin on sales of our own memory subsystem products. As a result, increased resales of component products as a percentage of our total product sales have a significant negative impact on our gross margin and gross margin percentage. This gross margin and gross margin percentage differential between memory product sales and component product resales would be amplified if our costs to purchase component products were to increase. The occurrence of any one or more of these risks could cause our performance to materially suffer. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 We face risks related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related protective public health measures. COVID-19 has spread globally and has resulted in authorities imposing, and businesses and individuals implementing, numerous unprecedented measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place/stay-at-home and social distancing orders, and shutdowns. These measures have impacted and may further impact our workforce and operations, the operations of our customers, and those of our respective vendors, suppliers, and partners. The ultimate impact and efficacy of government measures and potential future measures is currently unknown. In addition, the continued spread of COVID-19 variants, or the occurrence of other epidemics could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets of many countries, resulting in an economic downturn that could affect demand for our products and further adversely impact our results of operations. There are numerous uncertainties associated with the COVID-19 outbreak, including the number of individuals who will become infected, whether vaccination level will increase sufficiently to stop the spread of COVID-19 and its variants, and the extent of the protective and preventative measures that have been put in place by both governmental entities and other businesses and those that may be put in place in the future. Any or all of the foregoing uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and/or cash flows. We are subject to risks relating to our focus on developing our CXL products for our target customer markets. We have historically derived revenues from sales of our high-performance modular memory subsystems to OEM in the server, high-performance computing and communications markets. Although we expect these memory subsystems to continue to account for a portion of our revenues, we have experienced declines in sales of these products in recent periods, and these declines could continue or intensify in the future. We believe market acceptance of these products or derivative products that incorporate our core memory subsystem technology is critical to our success, and any continued decline in sales of these products could have a material adverse impact on our performance and long-term prospects. We have invested significant research and development time and capital in the design of ASIC and hybrid devices, including our CXL technology-based memory expansion controller. These products are subject to significant risks, including: we are dependent on a limited number of suppliers for the SSDs, DRAM ICs, NAND flash and ASIC devices that are essential to the functionality of these products, and in the past, we have experienced supply chain disruptions and shortages of SSDs, DRAM and NAND flash required to create these products as a result of issues that are specific to our suppliers or the industry as a whole; CXL and some of our other next-generation products may require additional time including the services and attention of key employees who have competing demands on their available time and may require capital investment to bring the products to market; our development and commercialization strategies for these products; we are required to demonstrate the quality and reliability of our products to and qualify them with our customers before purchases are made, which requires investments of time and resources in significant and unpredictable amounts prior to the receipt of any revenues from these customers; and our memory expansion controller products or other new products, such as CXL, may contain currently undiscovered flaws, the correction of which could result in increased costs and time to market. These and other risks associated with our memory subsystem products could impair our ability to obtain customer or market acceptance of these products or obtain such acceptance in a timely manner, which would reduce our achievable revenues from these products and limit our ability to recoup our investments in developing these technologies. Additionally, if the demand for servers deteriorates, if the demand for our products to be incorporated in servers continues to decline, or if demand for our products deteriorates because customers in our other target markets change 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 their requirements or preferences or otherwise reduce their need for these types of products generally, our operating results would be adversely affected, and we would be forced to diversify our product portfolio and our target customer markets in order to try to replace revenues lost from the further decreases in product sales. We may not be able to achieve this diversification, and any inability to do so may adversely affect our business, operating performance and prospects. Sales to a small number of customers have historically represented a significant portion of our net product sales, and the loss of, or a significant reduction in sales to, any one of these customers could materially harm our business. Our target markets are characterized by a limited number of large companies, and consolidation in one or more of these markets may further increase this concentration. As a result, sales to small numbers of customers have historically represented a substantial portion of our net product sales, and we expect this concentration to continue. Additionally, the composition of major customers and their respective contributions to our net product sales have fluctuated and will likely continue to fluctuate from period to period as our existing and prospective customers progress through the life cycle of the products they produce and sell and experience resulting fluctuations in their product demand. We believe our performance depends in significant part on our ability to establish and maintain relationships with and effect substantial sales to our large customers. We do not have long-term agreements with any of our customers and, as result, any or all of them could decide at any time to decrease, delay or discontinue their purchase of our products or the component products we resell. In addition, the prices customers pay for products are subject to fluctuations, and large or key customers may exert pressure on us to make concessions in the prices at which we sell products to them. Further, we may not be able to sell some of our products developed for one customer to a different customer because our products are often customized to address specific customer requirements, and even if we are able to sell these products to another customer, our margin on these products may be reduced. Additionally, although customers are generally allowed only limited rights of return after purchasing our products or the component products we resell, we may determine that it is in our best interest to accept returns from certain large or key customers even if we are not contractually obligated to accept them in order to maintain good relations with these customers. Any returns beyond our expectations could negatively impact our operating results. Moreover, because a few customers often account for a substantial portion of our net product sales, the failure of any one of these customers to pay on a timely basis would negatively impact our cash flows. As a result, our net product sales and operating results could be materially adversely affected by the loss of any of our customers, particularly our large or key customers, a decrease in product sales to any of our customers, including as a result of normal fluctuations in demand or other factors, reductions in the prices at which we sell products to any of our customers, including as a result of price concessions or general declines in average sale prices, or difficulties collecting payments from any of our customers. Our ability to maintain or increase our product sales to our key customers depends on a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include our customers continued sales of servers and other computing systems that incorporate our memory subsystems, our customers continued incorporation of our products or the component products we resell into their systems, and our customers sales activity and business results. Because of these and other factors, sales to these customers may not continue and the amount of such sales may not reach or exceed historical levels in any future period. We are subject to risks of disruption in the supply of component products. Our ability to fulfill customer orders for or produce qualification samples of our memory subsystem products, as well as orders for the component products we resell, is dependent on a sufficient supply of SSDs, FPGAs, ASICs, DRAM ICs and NAND flash, which are essential components of our memory subsystems. Further, there are a relatively small number of suppliers of these components, and we typically purchase from only a subset of these suppliers. As a result, our inventory purchases have historically been concentrated in a small number of suppliers, including SK hynix, from which we obtained a large portion of our component products purchased for resale. We also use consumables and other components, including PCBs, to manufacture our memory subsystems, which we sometimes procure from single or limited sources to take advantage of volume pricing discounts. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 From time to time, shortages in SSDs, DRAM ICs and NAND flash have required some suppliers to limit the supply of these components. In the past, we have experienced supply chain disruptions and shortages of SSDs, DRAM and NAND flash required to create certain of our memory subsystem products, and we have been forced to procure the component products we resell from other suppliers to the extent sufficient product is not available from SK hynix to meet customer demand or in the event of other SK hynix supply issues. We are continually working to secure adequate supplies of the components necessary to fill customers orders in a timely manner. If we are unable to obtain a sufficient supply of SSDs, DRAM ICs, NAND flash or other essential components, as a result of a natural disaster, political unrest military conflict, medical epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, climate change, economic instability, equipment failure or other cause, to avoid interruptions or failures in the delivery of our products as required by our customers or the delivery of these components to customers to whom we resell them directly, these customers may reduce future orders for these products or not purchase these products from us at all, which could cause our net product sales to decline and harm our operating results. In addition, our reputation could be harmed due to failures to meet our customers demands and, even assuming we are successful in resolving supply chain disruptions, we may not be able to replace any lost business and we may lose market share to our competitors. Further, if our suppliers are unable to produce qualification samples of our products on a timely basis or at all, we could experience delays in the qualification process with existing or prospective customers, which could have a significant impact on our ability to sell our products. Moreover, if we are not able to obtain these components in the amounts needed on a timely basis and at commercially reasonable prices, we may not be able to develop or introduce new products, we may experience significant increases in our cost of sales if we are forced to procure components from alternative suppliers and are not able to negotiate favorable terms with these suppliers, or we may be forced to cease our sales of products dependent on the components or resales of the components we sell to customers directly. Our dependence on a small number of suppliers and the components we resell expose us to several risks, including the inability to obtain an adequate supply of these components, increases in their costs, delivery delays and poor quality. Additionally, our customers qualify certain of the components provided by our suppliers for use in their systems. If one of our suppliers experiences quality control or other problems, it may be disqualified by one or more of our customers. This would disrupt our supplies of these components, and would also reduce the number of suppliers available to us and may require that we qualify a new supplier, which we may not be able to do. Declines in customer demand for our products in recent periods have caused us to reduce our purchases of SSDs, DRAM ICs and NAND flash for use as components in our products. Such declines or other fluctuations could continue in the future. If we fail to maintain sufficient purchase levels with some suppliers, our ability to obtain supplies of these raw materials may be impaired due to the practice of some suppliers of allocating their products to customers with the highest regular demand. Frequent technology changes and the introduction of next-generation versions of component products may also result in the obsolescence of our inventory on-hand, which could involve significant time and costs to replace, reduce our net product sales and gross margin and adversely affect our operating performance and financial condition. Our customers require that our products undergo a lengthy and expensive qualification process without any assurance of sales. Our prospective customers generally test and evaluate our memory subsystems before purchasing our products and integrating them into their systems. This extensive qualification process involves rigorous reliability testing and evaluation of our products, which may continue for nine months or longer and is often subject to delays. In addition to qualification of specific products, some of our customers may also require us to undergo a technology qualification if our product designs incorporate innovative technologies that the customer has not previously encountered. Such technology qualifications often take substantially longer than product qualifications and can take over a year to complete. Even after our products are qualified with existing or new customers, the customer may take several months to begin purchasing the product or may decide not to purchase the product at all, as qualification does not ensure product sales. As a result, we could receive no or limited revenues from a customer even after our investment of time and resources in the qualification process with this customer, which could adversely affect our operating results. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Even after successful qualification and sales of our products to a customer, because the qualification process is both product-specific and platform-specific, our existing customers sometimes require us to re-qualify our products or to qualify our new products for use in new platforms or applications. For example, as our OEM customers transition from prior generation architectures to current generation architectures, we must design and qualify new products for use by these customers. Our net product sales to these customers can decline significantly during this re-qualification process. Likewise, changes in our products, our manufacturing facilities, our production processes or our component suppliers may require a new qualification process. For example, if our memory, SSDs, NAND flash and DRAM component suppliers discontinue production of these components, it may be necessary for us to design and qualify new products for our customers. As a result, some customers may require us, or we may decide, to purchase an estimated quantity of discontinued memory components necessary to ensure a steady supply of existing products until products with new components can be qualified. Purchases of this nature may affect our liquidity. Additionally, our forecasts of quantities required during the transition may be incorrect, which could adversely impact our results of operations through lost revenue opportunities or charges related to excess and obsolete inventory. We must devote substantial resources, including design, engineering, sales, marketing and management efforts, to qualify our products with prospective customers in anticipation of sales. Significant delays or other difficulties in the qualification process could result in an inability to keep pace with rapid technology change or new competitive products. If we experience delays or do not succeed in qualifying a product with an existing or prospective customer, we would not be able to sell that product to that customer, which may result in excess and obsolete inventory that we may not be able to sell to another customer and could reduce our net product sales and customer base, any of which could materially harm our operating results and business. If we are unable to timely and cost-effectively develop new or enhanced products that achieve customer and market acceptance or technologies we can monetize, our revenues and prospects could be materially harmed. Our industry is characterized by rapid technological change, evolving industry standards and rapid product obsolescence. As a result, continuous development of new technology, processes and product innovations is necessary in order to be successful. We believe the continued and timely development of new products and technologies and improvement of existing products and technologies are critical to our business and prospects for growth. In order to develop and introduce new or enhanced products and technologies, we need to: retain and continue to attract new engineers with expertise in memory subsystems and our key technology competencies; identify and adjust to the changing requirements and preferences of our existing and potential future customers and markets; identify and adapt to emerging technological trends and evolving industry standards in our markets; continue to develop and enhance our design tools, manufacturing processes and other technologies on which we rely to produce new products or product enhancements; design and introduce cost-effective, innovative and performance-enhancing features that differentiate our products and technologies from those of our competitors; secure licenses to enable us to use any technologies, processes or other rights essential to the manufacture or use of any new products or product enhancements we may develop, which licenses may not be available when needed, on acceptable terms or at all; maintain or develop new relationships with suppliers of components required for any new or enhanced products and technologies; qualify any new or enhanced products for use in our customers products; and develop and maintain effective commercialization and marketing strategies. We may not be successful at any of these activities. As a result, we may not be able to successfully develop new or enhanced products or technology or we may experience delays in this process. Failures or delays in product development and introduction could result in the loss of, or delays in generating, net products sales or other revenues and 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 the loss of key customer relationships. Even if we develop new or enhanced products or technologies, they may not meet our customers requirements, gain market acceptance or attract monetization opportunities, as our product and technology development efforts are inherently risky due to the challenges of foreseeing changes or developments in technology, predicting changes in customer requirements or preferences or anticipating the adoption of new industry standards. Moreover, we have invested significant resources in our product and technology development efforts, which would be lost if we fail to generate revenues from these efforts. If any of these risks occur, our revenues, prospects and reputation could be materially adversely affected. We face intense competition in our industry, and we may not be able to compete successfully in our target markets. Our products are primarily targeted to OEMs in the server, high-performance computing and communications markets. In addition, we resell certain component products to storage customers, appliance customers, system builders and cloud and datacenter customers. These markets are intensely competitive, as numerous companies vie for business opportunities at a limited number of large OEMs and other customers. We face competition from DRAM suppliers, memory module providers and logic suppliers for many of our products. We also face competition from the manufacturers and distributors of the component products we resell to customers, as these manufacturers and distributors could decide at any time to sell these component products to these customers directly. Additionally, if and to the extent we enter new markets or pursue licensing arrangements to monetize our technologies and intellectual property portfolio, we may face competition from a large number of competitors that produce solutions utilizing similar or competing technologies. Some of our customers and suppliers may have proprietary products or technologies that are competitive with our products or the components we resell to them or could develop internal solutions or enter into strategic relationships with, or acquire, other high-density memory module or component providers. Any of these actions could reduce our customers demand for our products or the component products we resell. Additionally, some of our significant suppliers could choose to sell component products to customers directly, which would adversely affect our ability to resell these products, or may choose to manufacture competitive memory subsystem products themselves or reduce our supply of essential components of our products, which could adversely affect our ability to manufacture and sell our memory subsystems. We believe our ability to compete in our current target markets and potential future markets will depend in part on our ability to successfully and timely develop, introduce and sell at attractive prices new and enhanced products or technologies and otherwise respond to changing market requirements, which we may not be able to do faster and better than our competitors. Moreover, many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical, marketing, distribution and other resources, broader product lines, lower cost structures, greater brand recognition, more influence on industry standards, more extensive or established patent portfolios and longer standing relationships with customers and suppliers. We may not be able to compete effectively against any of these organizations. If we are unable to compete effectively, then our market position and prospects could deteriorate and our revenues could decline. Our operating results may be adversely impacted by worldwide economic and political uncertainties and specific conditions in the markets we address and in which we or our strategic partners or competitors do business, including ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and the cyclical nature of and volatility in the memory market and semiconductor industry. Changes in domestic and global economic and political conditions make it difficult for our customers, our vendors and us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities, and these conditions have caused and could continue to cause U.S. and foreign businesses to slow or decrease spending on our products and the products we resell. In addition, sales of our products and the products we resell are dependent on demand by customers in our target markets. These markets are characterized by wide fluctuations in product supply and demand and have been cyclical in the past, which may result in substantial period-to-period fluctuations in our operating results. In addition, these markets have in the past experienced significant downturns, often connected with or in anticipation of maturing product cycles, reductions in technology spending and declines in general economic conditions. During these downturns, product demand diminishes, production capacity exceeds demand, inventory levels increase and average sale prices 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 decline, all of which would materially adversely impact our business and operating results. In addition, because many of our costs and operating expenses are relatively fixed, if we are unable to control our expenses adequately in response to reduced product demand and sales, our gross margin and cash flows would be negatively impacted. Further, such a downturn could decrease the perceived value of our intellectual property portfolio and reduce our ability to pursue our intellectual property monetization objectives. During challenging economic times, our customers may face challenges gaining timely access to sufficient credit, which could impair their ability to make timely payments to us. This may negatively affect our liquidity and cash flows and require us to increase our allowance for doubtful accounts. Furthermore, our vendors may face similar issues gaining access to credit, which may limit their ability to supply components or provide trade credit to us. We cannot predict the timing, strength or duration of any economic slowdown or subsequent economic recovery, either generally or in our customer markets. If the economy or markets in which we operate experience such a slowdown, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. The combination of our lengthy sales cycle coupled with any challenging macroeconomic conditions could compound the negative impact of any such downturn on the results of our operations. Our lack of a significant backlog of unfilled orders and the difficulty inherent in estimating customer demand makes it difficult to forecast our short-term requirements, and any failure to optimally calibrate our production capacity and inventory levels to meet customer demand could adversely affect our revenues, gross margin and earnings. We make significant decisions regarding the levels of business we will seek and accept, production schedules, component procurement, personnel needs and other resource requirements based on our estimates of customer demand. We do not have long-term agreements with any of our customers. Instead, our product sales are made primarily pursuant to stand-alone purchase orders that we often receive no more than two weeks in advance of the desired delivery date and that may be rescheduled or cancelled on relatively short notice. The short-term nature of the commitments by many of our customers and our customers ability to cancel or defer purchase orders for any reason reduces our backlog of firm orders and our ability to accurately estimate future customer requirements for our products or the component products we resell. These facts, combined with the short turnaround times that apply to most orders, makes it difficult to predict our production and inventory needs and allocate production capacity and capital for inventory purchases effectively. As a result, we attempt to forecast the demand for the components needed to manufacture our products and to resell to customers directly, but any such forecasts could turn out to be wrong. Further, lead times for components vary significantly and depend on various factors, such as the specific supplier and the demand and supply for a component at any given time. Our production expense and component purchase levels are to a large extent fixed in the short term. As a result, we may be unable to adjust spending on a timely basis to compensate for any unexpected shortfall in customer orders. If we overestimate customer demand, we may have excess component or finished goods inventory, which may not be able to be used in other products or resold and may become obsolete before any such use or resale. If there is a subsequent decline in the prices of components, the value of our inventory would fall and we may be required to write-down the value of our component inventory, which may result in a significant increase in our cost of sales and decrease in our gross margin. In the past, we have had to write-down inventory due to obsolescence, excess quantities and declines in market value below our costs. As a result, any significant shortfall of customer orders in relation to our expectations could hurt our operating results, cash flows and financial condition. Conversely, any rapid increases in demand by our customers could strain our resources. If we underestimate customer demand, we may not have sufficient inventory of necessary components on hand to meet that demand and we may need to try to procure additional quantities, which may not be available or may only be available at high prices or on otherwise unfavorable terms. We also may not have sufficient manufacturing capacity at any given time to meet any demands for rapid increases in production of our memory subsystem products. Any shortages of inventory or manufacturing capacity could lead to delays in the delivery of products, which may force us to forego sales opportunities, reduce our net product sales and damage our customer relationships. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, if our product demand forecasts are wrong, we may understate or overstate the provision required for excess and obsolete inventory. If our inventories are determined to be overvalued, we would be required to recognize additional expense in our cost of sales at the time of the determination. Conversely, if our inventories are determined to be undervalued, we may have over-reported our costs of sales in previous periods and would be required to recognize additional gross margin at the time the inventories are sold. Declines in our average sale prices, driven by volatile prices for components and other factors, may result in declines in our revenues and gross margin. Our industry has historically been characterized by declines in average sale prices. If sale price declines are not offset by corresponding decreases in costs or increases in sales volume or sales of products with higher margins, these sale price declines could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. The prices customers pay for the products we sell can fluctuate due to many factors, including, among others, competitive conditions in our key customer markets, changes in customer requirements or preferences, volatility in the market prices for SSDs, DRAM ICs, NAND flash and other component products, and changes in manufacturing efficiencies or capacities. Market prices for component products have historically constituted a substantial portion of the total cost of our memory subsystems and in recent periods have constituted the vast majority of the cost of resales of these products to customers directly. As a result, fluctuations in the prices for these component products, due to overcapacity in worldwide supply or increased manufacturing efficiencies, implementation of new manufacturing processes or expansion of manufacturing capacity by component suppliers, among other factors, significantly impact our costs to sell our products or component products. Once our prices with a customer are negotiated, we are generally unable to revise pricing with that customer until our next regularly scheduled price adjustment. As a result, if market prices for essential components increase, we generally cannot pass the price increases through to our customers for products purchased under an existing purchase order. Consequently, we are exposed to the risks associated with the volatility of prices for these components and our cost of sales could increase and our gross margin could decrease in the event of sudden price increases. Alternatively, if there are declines in the prices of these components, we may be required to reduce our selling prices for subsequent purchase orders, which may result in a decline in our net product sales. Our manufacturing operations involve significant risks. We maintain a manufacturing facility in the PRC at which we produce a portion of our products. These manufacturing activities require significant resources to maintain. For instance, we must continuously review and improve our manufacturing processes in order to maintain satisfactory manufacturing yields and product performance, try to lower our costs and otherwise remain competitive. As we manufacture new and more complex products, the risk of encountering delays, difficulties or higher costs increases. In addition, the start-up costs associated with implementing new manufacturing technologies, methods and processes, including the purchase of new equipment and any resulting manufacturing delays and inefficiencies, could negatively impact our results of operations. Additionally, we could experience a prolonged disruption, material malfunction, interruption or other loss of operations at our manufacturing facility for any number of reasons, including the occurrence of a contagious disease or illness, such as COVID-19, or cyber-attacks, or catastrophic weather events, or we may need to add manufacturing capacity to satisfy any increased demand for our products. Under these circumstances, we may be forced to rely on third parties for our manufacturing needs, which could increase our manufacturing costs, decrease our gross margin, decrease our control over manufacturing processes, limit our ability to satisfy customer requirements and demand and delay new product development until we could secure a relationship with a third-party manufacturer, which we may not be able to do in a timely manner, on acceptable terms or at all. If any of these risks occur, our operations, performance and customer relationships could be severely harmed. We also may need to expand our existing manufacturing facility or establish a new facility in the future. Any need to expand or replace our manufacturing facility would be expensive and time-consuming and could also subject us to factory audits by our customers that could themselves result in delays, unexpected costs or customer losses if we 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 cannot meet the standards of any such audits. Further, we may not be able to replace or increase our manufacturing capacity at all. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We depend on third parties to design and manufacture components for our products and the component products we resell, which exposes us to risks. Components that are used in our products, as well as all of the component products we resell, are designed and manufactured by third parties. In addition, some of our memory subsystem products rely on significantly customized components. The ability and willingness of third parties to enter into these engagements with us and perform in accordance with these engagements is largely outside our control. If one or more of our design or manufacturing partners experiences a manufacturing disruption for any number of factors including labor disruptions, catastrophic weather events and the occurrence of a contagious disease or illness, such as COVID-19, fails to dedicate adequate resources to the production of the components we use in our products or the components we resell, experiences financial instability or otherwise fails to perform its obligations to us in a timely manner or at satisfactory quality levels, our ability to bring products to market or deliver products to our customers, as well as our reputation, could suffer and our business and prospects could be materially harmed. In the event of any failure by our component manufacturers, we may have no readily available alternative source of supply for these components, since, in our experience, the lead time needed to establish a relationship with a new design or manufacturing partner is substantial, and the time for our OEM customers to re-qualify our products with components from a new vendor is also significant. Additionally, even if an alternative manufacturer is available, we may not be able to engage the manufacturer on acceptable terms, which could result in increased costs, timing requirements or other adverse changes. Further, we may not be able to redesign the customized components used in our products to be manufactured by a new manufacturer, in which case we could infringe on the intellectual property of our current design or manufacturing partner when we manufacture the products with a new design or manufacturing partner. Such an occurrence could force us to stop selling certain of our products or could expose us to lawsuits, license payments or other liabilities. Our dependence on third-party manufacturers exposes us to many other risks, including, among others: reduced control over delivery schedules, quality, manufacturing yields and costs; the potential lack of adequate capacity during periods of excess demand; limited warranties on products supplied to us; and potential infringement or misappropriation of our intellectual property or the intellectual property of others. We are dependent on our manufacturing partners to manufacture components with acceptable quality and manufacturing yields, to deliver these components to us on a timely basis and at an acceptable cost and to allocate a portion of their manufacturing capacity sufficient to meet our needs. However, these component manufacturers may not be able to achieve these tasks. Additionally, our manufacturing partners may not continue to devote adequate resources to produce our products or the component products we resell, or continue to advance the process design technologies on which the customer qualifications of our products are based. Any of these risks could limit our ability to meet customer demand and materially adversely affect our business and operating results. If our products or the component products we resell do not meet quality standards or are defective or used in defective systems, we may be subject to quality holds, warranty claims, recalls or liability claims. Our customers require our products and the component products we resell to meet strict quality standards. If the products fail to meet these standards, our customers may discontinue purchases from us until we are able to resolve the quality issues that are causing these failures, which we may not be able to do. These quality holds can be costly and time-consuming to resolve. In addition, if the products we sell are defectively manufactured, contain defective components or are used in defective or malfunctioning systems, we could be subject to warranty and product liability claims, product recalls, safety alerts or advisory notices. Although we generally attempt to contractually limit our exposure to incidental and consequential damages, if these contract provisions are not enforced or if liabilities arise that are not effectively limited, we could incur substantial costs in defending or settling product liability claims. While we currently have product liability insurance, it may not provide coverage under certain circumstances and it may not be adequate to satisfy claims made against us. We also may be unable to maintain insurance in the future at satisfactory rates or in adequate amounts. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Warranty and product liability claims, product quality holds, product recalls, safety alerts or advisory notices, regardless of their coverage by insurance or their ultimate outcome, could have a material adverse effect on our business, performance and financial condition, as well as our ability to attract and retain customers. Our indemnification obligations for the infringement by our products of the rights of others could require us to pay substantial damages. As is common in our industry, we have a number of agreements in which we have agreed to defend, indemnify and hold harmless our customers and suppliers from damages and costs that may arise from the infringement by our products of third-party patents, trademarks or other proprietary rights. The scope of these indemnities varies, the duration of these indemnities is generally perpetual after execution of an agreement, and the maximum potential amount of future payments we could be required to make under these indemnities is often unlimited. Any indemnification claims by customers could require us to incur significant legal fees and could potentially result in our payment of substantial damages, and our insurance generally would not cover these fees or damages. As a result, the occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We depend on certain key employees, and our business could be harmed if we lose the services of any of these employees or are unable to attract and retain other qualified personnel. To date, we have been highly dependent on the experience, relationships and technical knowledge of certain key employees. We believe our future success will be dependent on our ability to retain the services of these key employees, develop their successors and properly manage the transition of their roles should departures occur. The loss of these key employees or their inability to continue to provide their services could delay the development and introduction of new or enhanced products or technologies, negatively impact our ability to sell our existing products, limit our ability to pursue our other business goals and strategies and otherwise harm our business. We do not have employment agreements with any of our employees other than Chun K. Hong, our President, Chief Executive Officer CEO and sole member of our board of directors, and as a result most of our employees may terminate their employment with us at any time. Our future success also depends on our ability to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled engineering, manufacturing and other technical and sales personnel. Competition for these personnel is intense. We may not be successful in attracting new engineers or other technical personnel or in retaining or motivating our existing personnel. If we are unable to hire and retain personnel with the skills necessary to keep pace with the evolving technologies in our markets, our ability to continue to provide our existing products and to develop new or enhanced products and technologies would be negatively impacted, which could harm our business. In addition, a general shortage of experienced engineers or other technical personnel could lead to increased recruiting, relocation and compensation costs to attract new recruits, which may increase our operating expenses or make these hires more difficult or impossible if increased recruiting costs exceed our resources. A significant portion of our workforce consists of contract personnel. We invest considerable time and expense to train these contract personnel; however, they typically may terminate their relationships with us at any time. As a result, we may experience high turnover rates in this contract personnel workforce, which may require us to expend additional resources to attract, train and retain replacements. Additionally, if we convert any of these contract personnel to permanent employees, we may have to pay finder s fees to the contract agency. These risks associated with our contract personnel workforce may involve increased costs or delays or failures in meeting customer requirements or developing new or enhanced products or technologies, any of which could materially adversely affect our business and operating performance. We are also subject to employment laws and regulations, including the changing regulatory landscape. For example, in California, State Assembly Bill 5 AB5 ), which went into effect in January 2020, codifies a test to determine whether a worker is an employee under California law. AB5 provides a mechanism for determining whether workers of a hiring entity are employees or independent contractors, but AB5 does not result in any immediate change in how workers are classified. If the State of California, cities or municipalities, or workers disagree with how a hiring 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 entity classifies workers, AB5 sets forth the test for evaluating their classification. The legal and other costs associated with any misclassification of our personnel can be substantial and could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We rely on our internal and third-party sales representatives to market and sell our products and the component products we resell, and any failure by these representatives to perform as expected could reduce our sales. We primarily market and sell our products and the component products we resell through a direct sales force and a network of independent sales representatives. We have expended significant resources to build our internal sales and marketing function, but compared to many of our competitors, we have relatively little experience creating a sales and marketing platform and developing a team to implement it. We may be unsuccessful in these efforts. Our sales representatives generally may terminate their relationships with us at any time. As a result, our performance depends in part on our ability to retain existing and attract additional sales representatives that will be able to effectively market and support our products or the component products we resell, especially in markets in which we have not previously distributed these products. Our efforts to attract, train and retain these sales representatives to be knowledgeable about our industry, products and technologies are costly and time-consuming. If these efforts fail, our investments in these sales representatives may not produce the expected or any benefits and our ability to market and sell our products or the component products we resell may be limited, which could materially harm our financial condition and operating results. Further, our reliance on independent sales representatives subjects us to risks, as we have very little control over their activities and they are generally free to market and sell other, potentially competing, products. As a result, these independent sales representatives could devote insufficient time or resources to marketing our products or the component products we resell, could market them in an ineffective manner or could otherwise be unsuccessful in selling adequate quantities of these products. Our operations could be disrupted by power outages, natural disasters, cyber-attacks or other factors. Due to the geographic concentration of our manufacturing operations in our PRC facility and our small number of component suppliers, including SK hynix for many of the component products we resell, a disruption resulting from equipment or power failures, quality control issues, human errors, government intervention, cyber-attacks or natural disasters, including earthquakes and floods, could require significant costs to repair and could interrupt or interfere with product manufacture and sale and cause significant delays in product shipments, which could harm our customer relationships, financial condition and results of operations. In the past, our PRC facility has suffered water damage as a result of heavy rains and floods, which forced us to temporarily halt manufacturing at the facility while necessary repairs or equipment replacements were made. This incident caused us to incur additional expenses because we were forced to shift our manufacturing activities to a third-party facility in the PRC to mitigate the disruption in product shipments to our customers. If manufacturing at the PRC facility is disrupted for similar or other reasons in the future, we may again be subject to increased expenses in order to engage a third-party manufacturer, or, if we are not able to secure alternative manufacturing capabilities, our ability to sell products and our relationships with our customers could be materially harmed. Additionally, we may be forced to bear significant costs in order to repair any damage to our manufacturing equipment and facility. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Difficulties with our global information technology systems, including any unauthorized access or cyber-attacks, could harm our business. We store key data about our business, including certain customer data, information about our and our customers intellectual property and other proprietary information, on our global information technology systems. Any failure or malfunctioning of our global information technology systems, errors or misuse by system users, cyber-attacks, difficulties migrating stand-alone systems to our centralized systems or inadequacy of the systems in addressing the needs of our operations could disrupt our ability to timely and accurately manufacture and ship products, divert management s and key employees attention from other business matters and involve significant costs and other resources to repair or otherwise resolve, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any such event could also disrupt our ability to timely and accurately process, report 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 and evaluate key operating metrics and key components of our results of operations, financial position and cash flows and could adversely affect our ability to complete other important business processes, such as maintenance of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. While our information technology systems include security measures designed to prevent unauthorized access, employee error, employee malfeasance or other causes, including intentional misconduct by computer hackers, could circumvent these measures and result in unauthorized access to these systems. Because the techniques used to gain unauthorized access to information technology systems evolve frequently and often are not recognized until successful, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures in a timely manner. Any security breach could require significant resources to correct, if correction is possible, and could result in disruption to our business, misappropriation or loss of data, loss of confidence in us by our customers, damage to our reputation and legal liability. Further, any failure to implement appropriate security measures to protect our information or any breach or other failure of our systems that results in unauthorized access, manipulation, disclosure or loss of this information could result in our violation of any U.S. or foreign data protection laws that are applicable to us, including the California Consumer Privacy Act which went into effect in January 2020. These laws and their interpretation and application are constantly evolving, and they could be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our current practices or they could become more stringent over time. Efforts to comply with applicable data protection laws or any new interpretations of their application could involve significant time and substantial costs or require us to change our business practices and compliance procedures, and any failures to so comply could subject us to substantial civil or criminal fines or sanctions. Any of these outcomes could have a material negative impact on our business, performance and prospects. If we do not effectively manage any future growth we may experience, our resources, systems and controls may be strained and our results of operations may suffer. Any future growth we may experience could strain our resources, management, information and telecommunication systems and operating and financial controls. To manage future growth effectively, including any expansion of volume in our manufacturing facility in the PRC, we must be able to improve and expand our systems and controls, which we may not be able to do in a timely or cost-effective manner. In addition, our management team has relatively limited experience managing a rapidly growing business. As a result, they may not be able to manage any future growth we may experience. A failure to manage any growth we may experience or improve or expand our existing systems and controls, or unexpected difficulties in doing so, could harm our business and results of operations. If we acquire businesses or technologies or pursue other strategic transactions or relationships in the future, these transactions could disrupt our business and harm our operating results and financial condition. From time to time, we evaluate opportunities to acquire businesses or technologies or pursue other strategic transactions or relationships, including collaboration or joint development arrangements, which might complement our current product offerings or enhance our intellectual property portfolio or technical capabilities. We have no experience acquiring other businesses or technologies. Acquisitions and other strategic transactions or relationships entail a number of risks that could adversely affect our business and operating results, including, among others: difficulties integrating the operations, technologies or products of acquired companies or working with third parties with which we may partner on joint development or collaboration relationships; the diversion of management s time and attention from the daily operations of our business; insufficient increases in revenues to offset increased expenses associated with an acquisition or strategic transaction or relationship; difficulties retaining business relationships with our existing suppliers and customers or the suppliers and customers of an acquired company; overestimation of potential synergies or other benefits, or a delay in realizing these synergies or other benefits; 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 entering markets in which we have no or limited experience and in which competitors have stronger market positions; the potential loss of our key employees or an acquired company; exposure to contingent liabilities of an acquired company; depletion of cash resources to fund an acquisition or other strategic transaction or establish a strategic relationship, or dilution of existing stockholders or increased leverage relative to our earnings or to our equity capitalization if we issue debt or equity securities for these purposes; adverse tax consequences; and incurrence of material charges, such as depreciation, deferred compensation charges, in-process research and development charges, the amortization of amounts related to deferred stock-based compensation expense and identifiable purchased intangible assets or impairment of goodwill. If any of these risks occur, we may not be able to realize the intended benefits of an acquisition or strategic transaction or relationship, and our operating results, financial condition and business prospects could be materially negatively affected. Increased prices and inflation could negatively impact our margin performance and our financial results. Increased inflation, including rising prices for raw materials, parts and components, freight, packaging, labor and energy increases, the costs to manufacture and distribute our products, and we may be unable to pass these costs on to our customers. Additionally, we are exposed to fluctuations in other costs such as packaging, freight, labor and energy prices. If inflation in these costs increases beyond our ability to control for them through measures such as implementing operating efficiencies, we may not be able to increase prices to sufficiently offset the effect of various cost increases without negatively impacting customer demand, thereby negatively impacting our margin performance and results of operations. Geopolitical risks associated with Russia s invasion of Ukraine could result in increased market volatility and uncertainty, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The uncertain nature, scope, magnitude, and duration of hostilities stemming from Russia s recent military invasion of Ukraine, including the potential effects of such hostilities as well as sanctions, embargoes, asset freezes, cyber-attacks and other actions taken in response to such hostilities on the world economy and markets, have disrupted global markets and contributed to increased market volatility and uncertainty, which could have an adverse impact on macroeconomic and other factors that affect our business and supply chain. Any disruption in our supply chain could reduce our revenue and adversely impact our financial results. Such a disruption could occur as a result of any number of events, including, but not limited to, military conflicts, geopolitical developments, war or terrorism, including the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, regional or global pandemics like COVID-19, and disruptions in utility and other services. Any inability to obtain adequate deliveries or any other circumstance that would require us to seek alternative sources of supply or to manufacture, assemble, and test such components internally could significantly delay our ability to ship our products, which could damage relationships with current and prospective customers and could harm our reputation and brand and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In February 2022, in response to the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the United States and other North Atlantic Treaty Organization member states, as well as non-member states, announced targeted economic sanctions on Russia, including certain Russian citizens and enterprises, and the continuation of the conflict may trigger additional economic and other sanctions. The potential impacts of the conflict and related sanctions could include supply chain and logistics disruptions, macro financial impacts resulting from the exclusion of Russian financial institutions from the global banking system, volatility in foreign exchange rates and interest rates, inflationary pressures on raw materials and energy and heightened cybersecurity threats. We do not and cannot know if the conflict, which remains ongoing, could escalate and result in broader economic and security concerns which could adversely affect our, supply chain, suppliers, customers, and potential customers. It is not possible to predict the broader consequences of this conflict, which could include further sanctions, embargoes, regional instability, geopolitical shifts and adverse effects on 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 macroeconomic conditions, the availability and cost of materials, supplies, labor, currency exchange rates and financial markets, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Laws and Regulations We are exposed to additional business, regulatory, political, operational, financial and economic risks related to our international sales and operations. We sell products to foreign corporations and deliver products to facilities located in foreign countries. To facilitate this process and to meet the long-term projected demand for our products, we have established a manufacturing facility in the PRC that performs most of the manufacturing activities for our memory subsystem products. Selling and manufacturing in foreign countries subjects us to additional risks not present with our domestic operations, as we are operating in business and regulatory environments in which we have limited experience and that may impose materially different requirements. Further, the geographic distance from our headquarters in Irvine, California, compounds the difficulties of maintaining a manufacturing operation in the PRC. For instance, we may not be able to maintain the desired amount of control over production capacity and timing, inventory levels, product quality, delivery schedules, manufacturing yields or costs. Moreover, we will need to continue to overcome language and cultural barriers to effectively conduct these international operations. Failures in any of these areas could result in legal consequences or production delays and increased turnaround times, which could adversely affect our business. In addition, changes to the labor or other laws of the PRC or the economic and political conditions in the PRC, including increased industrialization in recent years, natural disasters, public health crises, including the occurrence of a contagious disease or illness, such as COVID-19, and other catastrophic events, could increase the costs of employing a local workforce or conducting our manufacturing operations in the PRC. Any of these factors could negatively impact any cost savings we experience from locating our manufacturing facility in the PRC. Additionally, our management has limited experience creating or overseeing foreign operations generally, and the ongoing administration and operation of our PRC facility may require substantial amounts of time and attention by our management team, particularly if we encounter operational, legal or cultural difficulties or disruptions at our PRC facility. To date, the majority of our net product sales have been denominated in U.S. dollars. In the future, however, some of our net product sales may be denominated in Chinese Renminbi RMB ). The Chinese government controls the procedures by which RMB is converted into other currencies, which generally requires government consent. As a result, RMB may not be freely convertible into other currencies at all times. If the Chinese government institutes changes in currency conversion procedures or imposes additional restrictions on currency conversion, our operations and our operating results could be negatively impacted. In addition, Chinese law imposes restrictions on the movement of funds outside of the PRC. If we need or decide to repatriate funds from our Chinese operations, we would be required to comply with the procedures and regulations of applicable Chinese law, and any failure to so comply could adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. Further, if we are able to repatriate funds from our Chinese operations, these funds would be subject to U.S. taxes. In addition, fluctuations in the exchange rate between RMB and U.S. dollars may adversely affect our expenses, the value of our assets and liabilities and the comparability of our period-to-period results. Our international operations and sales are subject to a number of additional risks, including, among others, timing and availability of export licenses; difficulties in accounts receivable collections; difficulties managing distributors; lack of a significant local sales presence in a number of markets; difficulties obtaining government approvals; compliance with anti-bribery, data protection and other applicable U.S. and foreign laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-bribery laws in the non-U.S. jurisdictions in which we operate, as well as a wide variety of other complex foreign laws, regulations and treaties; and potentially adverse tax consequences. In addition, the United States or foreign countries may implement quotas, duties, tariffs, taxes or other charges or restrictions on the importation or exportation of our products or the component products we resell, which could lead to a reduction in sales and profitability in that country. The implementation of tariffs by the United States on goods manufactured in other countries, including PRC, could cause the costs of our products to increase, which could significantly impair the gross margin we receive and thereby harm our operating results significantly. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, international turmoil and the threat of future terrorist attacks have contributed to an uncertain political and economic climate, both in the United States and globally, and have negatively impacted the worldwide economy. The economies of the PRC and other countries in which we make sales have been volatile in recent years, resulting in significant fluctuations in local currencies and other instabilities. These conditions could continue or worsen, which could adversely affect our foreign operations and our performance. The occurrence of any of these risks related to our international operations, including our manufacturing facility in the PRC and our international sales, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and prospects for growth. Our failure to comply with environmental and other applicable laws and regulations could subject us to significant fines and liabilities or cause us to incur significant costs. We are subject to various and frequently changing U.S. federal, state and local and foreign laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including laws governing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the clean-up of contaminated sites. In particular, some of our manufacturing processes may require us to handle and dispose of hazardous materials from time to time. For example, in the past our manufacturing operations have used lead-based solder in the assembly of our products. Today, we use lead-free soldering technologies in our manufacturing processes, as this is required for products entering the European Union. We could incur substantial costs, including clean-up costs, civil or criminal fines or sanctions and third-party claims for property damage or personal injury, as a result of violations of or noncompliance with these and other environmental laws and regulations. Although we have not incurred significant costs to date to comply with these laws and regulations, new laws or changes to current laws and regulations to make them more stringent could require us to incur significant costs to remain in compliance. We also may be subject to a variety of laws and regulations relating to other matters, including workplace health and safety, labor and employment, foreign business practices (including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and applicable foreign anti-bribery laws), data protection, public reporting and taxation, among others. It is difficult and costly to manage the requirements of every authority having jurisdiction over our various activities and to comply with their varying standards. Additionally, any changes to existing regulations or adoption of new regulations may result in significant additional expense to us or our customers. Further, our failure to comply with any applicable laws and regulations may result in a variety of administrative, civil and criminal enforcement measures, including monetary penalties or imposition of sanctions or other corrective requirements, any of which could materially adversely affect our reputation and our business. Regulations related to conflict minerals may cause us to incur additional expenses and could limit the supply and increase the cost of certain metals used in manufacturing our products. The U.S. Congress has enacted laws, and the SEC has adopted rules, requiring disclosure of specified minerals, known as conflict minerals, that are necessary to the functionality or production of products manufactured or contracted to be manufactured by public companies. These laws and rules require companies to verify and disclose whether or not such minerals, as used in a company s products or their manufacture, originate from the Democratic Republic of Congo or an adjoining country. Because our products contain certain conflict minerals and we or our manufacturers use these conflict minerals in the manufacture of our products, we are required to comply with these laws and disclosure rules. To comply, we are required to conduct a reasonable country of origin inquiry each year and, depending on the results of that inquiry, we may be required to exercise due diligence on the source and chain of custody of conflict minerals contained in or used to manufacture our products. Such due diligence must conform to a nationally or internationally recognized due diligence framework. We are also required to file a disclosure report with the SEC each year relating to our conflict mineral use. The due diligence activities required to determine the source and chain of custody of minerals contained in our products or used in their manufacture are time-consuming and may result in significant costs. Due to the size and complexity of our supply chain, we face significant challenges verifying the origins of the minerals used in our products or their manufacture. Further, these rules could affect the availability in sufficient quantities and at competitive prices of certain minerals used in our products and their manufacture, which could result in increased material and component costs and additional costs associated with potential changes to our products, processes or sources of supply. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Additionally, if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origin of the minerals used in our products through the due diligence measures we implement, we may not be able to satisfy customer preferences or requirements regarding the use of conflict minerals in the products they purchase, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage. We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to remediate the material weakness, or if we identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect our business. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In performing their audit of our internal control over financial reporting as required by Section 404 of SOX and the related rules and regulations of the SEC Section 404 ), our independent registered public accounting firm concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of December 31, 2022 due to one material weakness. The identified material weakness, as of December 31, 2022, relates to the lack of an independent board and audit committee and ineffective risk assessment and monitoring controls. While the control deficiency identified did not result in any identified misstatements, a reasonable possibility exists that a material misstatement to the annual or interim condensed consolidated financial statements and disclosures will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In an effort to address the identified material weakness and enhance our internal controls, our finance and accounting personnel are continuing to follow all of the same procedures that they undertook in preparation for independent audit committee meetings on a quarterly and annual basis. Our CEO and sole director will oversee these processes and review materials prepared by the finance and accounting staff as well as our independent registered public accounting firm on a quarterly and annual basis. If our measures are insufficient to address the material weakness, or if additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting occur in the future, we may not be able to timely or accurately report our results of operations or maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures. If we are unable to report financial information timely or accurately, or to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures, we could be required to restate our financial statements and be subject to, among other things, regulatory or enforcement actions, securities litigation, limitations on our ability to access capital markets, debt rating agency downgrades or rating withdrawals, or loss in confidence of our investors, any one of which could adversely affect the valuation of our common stock and our business prospects. We can give no assurance that the measures we have taken and plan to take in the future will remediate the material weakness identified or that any additional material weaknesses will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting. We are required to comply with certain provisions of Section 404 that place significant demands on our resources, and the transition to the higher reporting and control standards that applies to us as a large accelerated filer may cause management distraction and increased costs. Section 404 require us to evaluate our internal control over financial reporting and require management to report on the effectiveness of this internal control as of the end of each fiscal year. Our Section 404 evaluations confirmed that enhancements, modifications and changes to our internal control over financial reporting are necessary and desirable. Implementing changes to comply with Section 404 may divert the attention of management, involve significant time and costs and could negatively impact our financial reporting functions during the transition, any of which could have a material negative effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to Intellectual Property and Litigation We may be unsuccessful in monetizing our intellectual property portfolio. We dedicate substantial resources to developing technology innovations we believe are essential to our business. We intend to pursue monetization avenues for our intellectual property portfolio, potentially including licensing, royalty or other revenue-producing arrangements. However, other than monies received from SK hynix, we have not generated any such revenue stream from our intellectual property to date, and we may never be successful in achieving this objective. Although we may pursue agreements with third parties to commercially license certain of our products or technologies, we may never successfully enter into any such agreement. Further, the terms of any such agreements we may reach with third-party licensees are uncertain and may not provide sufficient royalty or other licensing revenues to us to justify our costs of developing and maintaining the licensed intellectual property or may otherwise include terms that are not favorable to us. Additionally, the pursuit of licensing arrangements would require by its nature that we relinquish certain of our rights to our technologies and intellectual property that we license to third parties, which could limit our ability to base our own products on such technologies or could reduce the economic value we receive from such technologies and intellectual property. Additionally, the establishment of arrangements to monetize our intellectual property may be more difficult or costly than expected, may require additional personnel and investments and may be a significant distraction for management. Our ability to establish licensing, royalty or similar revenues, and maintain or increase any such revenues we are able to establish, depends on a variety of factors, including, among others, the novelty, utility, performance, quality, breadth, depth and overall perceived value of our intellectual property portfolio, all as compared to that of our competitors, as well as our sales and marketing capabilities. Even if we are able to secure these revenues, they may be negatively affected by factors that are entirely or partially outside our control, including reductions in our customers sales prices, sales volumes and the general state of their business, as well as the terms of the license arrangements. If we are not successful in monetizing our intellectual property portfolio, we may never recoup our investments of time, capital and other resources in the development, maintenance, defense and enforcement of this portfolio, which could materially harm our financial condition and prospects. We are and expect to continue to be involved in other legal and administrative proceedings to enforce or protect our intellectual property rights and to defend against claims that we infringe the intellectual property rights of others. As is common in the semiconductor industry, we have experienced substantial litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. We are currently involved in litigation and proceedings at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office USPTO and Patent Trial and Appeal Board PTAB based on alleged third-party infringement of our patents, and lawsuits claiming we are infringing others intellectual property rights also have been and may in the future be brought against us. Our business strategy includes litigating claims against others, such as our competitors and customers, to enforce our intellectual property, contractual and commercial rights, including, in particular, our patent portfolio and our trade secrets, as well as to challenge the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. This or other similar proceedings could also subject us to counterclaims or countersuits against us, or the parties we sue could seek to invalidate our patents or other intellectual property rights through reexamination or similar processes at the USPTO or similar bodies. Further, any legal disputes with customers could cause them to cease buying or using our products or the component products we resell or delay their purchase of these products and could substantially damage our relationship with them. Moreover, our ability to continue to pursue this strategy depends on our ability to obtain and protect patents, which is governed by an uncertain process. In addition to the patent issuance process established by law and the procedures of the USPTO, we must also comply with administrative procedures of the JEDEC to protect our intellectual property within its industry standard-setting process. These procedures evolve over time, are subject to variability in 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 their application and may be inconsistent with each other. Any failure to comply with the USPTO s or JEDEC s administrative procedures could jeopardize our ability to claim that our patents have been infringed. Making use of new technologies and entering new markets increases the likelihood that others might allege that our products or the component products we resell infringe their intellectual property rights. The likelihood of this type of lawsuit may also be increased due to the limited pool of experienced technical personnel that we can draw on to meet our hiring needs. As a result, a number of our existing employees have worked for our existing or potential competitors at some point during their careers, and we anticipate a number of our future employees will have similar work histories. Moreover, lawsuits of this type may be brought, even if there is no merit to the claim, as a strategy to prevent us from hiring qualified candidates, drain our financial resources and divert management s attention away from our business. Litigation is inherently uncertain. An adverse outcome in existing or any future litigation could force us to, among other things: relinquish patents or other protections of our technologies if they are invalidated, which would enable our competitors and others to freely use this technology; compete with products that rely on technologies and other intellectual property rights that we believe we have the right to protect from third-party use; accept terms of an arrangement to license our technologies to a third party that are not as favorable as we might expect; receive little or no returns for our time and capital investments in the litigation; cease manufacturing and/or selling products or using certain processes that are claimed to be infringing a third party s intellectual property; pay damages (which in some instances may be three times actual damages), including royalties on past or future sales, if we are found to infringe a third party s intellectual property; seek a license from a third-party intellectual property owner to use its technology in our products or the component products we resell, which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all; or redesign any products that are claimed to be infringing a third party s intellectual property, which may not be possible to do in a timely manner, without incurring significant costs or at all. Moreover, any litigation, regardless of its outcome, involves a significant dedication of resources, including time and capital, and diverts management s attention from our other activities. As a result, any current or future infringement claims or patent challenges by or against third parties, whether or not eventually decided in our favor or settled, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, the outcome of pending or future litigation and related patent reviews and reexaminations, as well as any delay in their resolution, could affect our ability to continue to sell our products, protect against competition in the current and expected markets for our products or license or otherwise monetize our intellectual property rights in the future. If our proprietary rights are not protected, our customers or our competitors might gain access to our proprietary designs, processes and technologies, which could adversely affect our operating results. We rely on a combination of patent protection, trade secret laws and restrictions on disclosure to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights. We have submitted a number of patent applications regarding our proprietary processes and technology, many of which have resulted in issued patents. For our pending patent applications, it is uncertain when or if any of the claims in these applications will be allowed or result in issued patents, in which case the technologies or processes sought to be patented would remain unprotected from use by third parties. In addition, although we intend to continue filing patent applications with respect to new processes and technologies we develop, patent protection may not be available for some of these processes or technologies. Further, even if we are successful in obtaining patent protection, these protections could be limited in scope by the USPTO, a court or applicable foreign authorities or challenged by third parties by way of review or reexamination proceedings and subsequently invalidated, which would reduce the protections these patents are able to provide. Moreover, patent 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 protection is limited as to duration and all of our issued patents will eventually expire, at which time the previously protected technologies would become widely available for use by third parties, including our competitors. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, these efforts may not: prevent challenges to or the invalidation or circumvention of our intellectual property rights; keep our competitors or other third parties from independently developing similar products or technologies, duplicating, reverse engineering or otherwise using our products or technologies without our authorization or designing around any patents that may be issued to us; prevent disputes with third parties regarding ownership of our intellectual property rights; prevent disclosure of our trade secrets and know - how to third parties or into the public domain; result in valid patents, including international patents, from any of our pending or future applications; or otherwise adequately protect our intellectual property rights. Moreover, monitoring for any unauthorized use of our technologies is costly, time-consuming and difficult. This is particularly true in foreign countries, such as the PRC, where we have established a manufacturing facility and where the laws may not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as applicable U.S. laws. If some or all of the claims in our patent applications are not allowed, if any of our issued patents or other intellectual property protections are limited, invalidated or circumvented by third parties, or if we are not able to obtain extensions of existing patents upon their expiration or issuance of new patents to maintain protections provided by expiring patents, we could face increased competition for our products and technologies and be unable to execute on our strategy of monetizing our intellectual property. Any of these outcomes could significantly harm our business, operating results and prospects. We may become involved in non - patent related litigation and administrative proceedings that may materially adversely affect us. From time to time, we may become involved in various legal proceedings relating to matters incidental to the ordinary course of our business, including commercial, employment, class action, whistleblower and other litigation and claims, as well as governmental and other regulatory investigations and proceedings. Such matters can be time-consuming, divert management s attention and resources and cause us to incur significant expenses. Furthermore, because litigation is inherently unpredictable, the results of these actions could subject us to monetary damages or other liabilities and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Risks Related to Capitalization and Financial Markets We may not have sufficient working capital to fund our planned operations, and, as a result, we may need to raise additional capital in the future, which may not be available when needed, on acceptable terms or at all. To support our activities in the near term, we expect to rely on cash generated from our business, the cash received under the Strategic Product Supply and License Agreement, entered into on April 5, 2021, by and between the Company and SK hynix (the Strategic Agreement and proceeds from issuances of debt and equity securities, including our equity line with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC Lincoln Park ), and borrowing availability under our credit facility with Silicon Valley Bank SVB ). Taking into account our planned activities and sources of capital, we believe we have sufficient cash resources to satisfy our capital needs for at least the next 12 months. However, our estimates of our operating revenues and expenses and working capital requirements could be incorrect, and we may use our cash resources faster than we anticipate. Further, some or all of our ongoing or planned investments may not be successful and could further deplete our capital without immediate, or any, cash returns. Our capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, among others: the costs associated with maintaining, defending and enforcing our intellectual property rights; 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 the acceptance of, and demand for, our products and the component products we resell to customers; our success, and that of our strategic partners, in developing and selling products derived from our technology; the extent and timing of any investments in developing, marketing and launching new or enhanced products or technologies; the costs of developing, improving and maintaining our internal design, testing and manufacturing processes; our results of operations, including our levels of net product sales and any other revenues we may receive, including non-recurring engineering, license, royalty or other fees; the amount and timing of vendor payments and the collection of receivables, among other factors affecting our working capital; our receipt of cash proceeds from the exercise of outstanding stock options to acquire our common stock; the nature and timing of acquisitions or other strategic transactions or relationships in which we engage, if any; and the costs associated with the continued operation, and any future growth, of our business. Until we can generate sufficient revenues to finance our cash requirements from our operations, which we may never do, we may need to increase our liquidity and capital resources by one or more measures, which may include, among others, reducing operating expenses, restructuring our balance sheet by negotiating with creditors and vendors, entering into strategic partnerships or alliances, raising additional financing through the issuance of debt, equity or convertible securities or pursuing alternative sources of capital, such as through asset or technology sales or licenses or other alternative financing arrangements. Further, even if our near-term liquidity expectations prove correct, we may still seek to raise capital through one or more of these financing alternatives. However, we may not be able to obtain capital when needed or desired, on terms acceptable to us or at all. Inadequate working capital would have a material adverse effect on our business and operations and could cause us to fail to execute our business plan, fail to take advantage of future opportunities or fail to respond to competitive pressures or customer requirements. A lack of sufficient funding may also require us to significantly modify our business model and/or reduce or cease our operations, which could include implementing cost-cutting measures or delaying, scaling back or eliminating some or all of our ongoing and planned investments in corporate infrastructure, research and development projects, legal proceedings, business development initiatives and sales and marketing activities, among other activities. Modification of our business model and operations could result in an impairment of assets, the effects of which cannot be determined. Furthermore, if we continue to issue equity or convertible debt securities to raise additional funds, our existing stockholders may experience significant dilution, and the new equity or debt securities may have rights, preferences and privileges that are superior to those of our existing stockholders. Additionally, because our common stock is no longer listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market, the challenges and risks of equity financings may significantly increase, including potentially increasing the dilution of any such financing or decreasing our ability to affect such a financing at all. If we incur additional debt, it may increase our leverage relative to our earnings or to our equity capitalization or have other material consequences. If we pursue asset or technology sales or licenses or other alternative financing arrangements to obtain additional capital, our operational capacity may be limited and any revenue streams or business plans that are dependent on the sold or licensed assets may be reduced or eliminated. Moreover, we may incur substantial costs in pursuing any future capital-raising transactions, including investment banking, legal and accounting fees, printing and distribution expenses and other similar costs, which would reduce the benefit of the capital received from the transaction. The price and trading volume of our common stock has and may continue to fluctuate significantly in reaction to real or perceived developments in our business. Our common stock has been publicly traded since November 2006. The price and trading volume of our common stock are volatile and have in the past fluctuated significantly. This volatility could continue, in which case an active trading market in our common stock may not be sustained and stockholders may not be able to sell their shares at a desired time or a desired price. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 The market price at which our common stock trades may be influenced by many factors, including, among others, the following: the results of legal proceedings in which we are involved; our operating and financial performance and prospects; the ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic; investor perceptions of us and the industry in which we operate; our ability to meet investor and analyst expectations for our operating results; the availability and level of research coverage of and market-making in our common stock; changes in buy/sell recommendations by analysts; any financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes to these projections or our failure to meet these projections; our announcement of significant strategic transactions or relationships or the initiation of legal proceedings, including patent infringement actions; general political, economic and market conditions, including volatility or uncertainty in these conditions; and the other risk factors described in this report. In addition, shares of our common stock and the public stock markets in general have experienced, and may continue to experience, extreme price and trading volume volatility, at times irrespective of the state of the business of any particular company. These fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Further, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a particular company s securities, securities litigation can sometimes be instituted against us. Securities litigation, like other types of litigation, is expensive and time-consuming, and if such litigation is instituted against us in the future, we may incur substantial costs, management s attention and resources may be diverted, and we could be subject to damages in the event of unfavorable results. We have incurred a material amount of indebtedness to fund our operations, the terms of which have required us to pledge substantially all of our assets as security. Our level of indebtedness and the terms of such indebtedness could adversely affect our operations and liquidity. The SVB debt instrument contains customary representations, warranties and indemnification provisions, as well as affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things, restrict our ability to: incur additional indebtedness or guarantees; incur liens; make investments, loans and acquisitions; consolidate or merge; sell or exclusively license assets, including capital stock of subsidiaries; alter our business; change any provision of our organizational documents; engage in transactions with affiliates; make certain decisions regarding certain of our outstanding legal proceedings without consulting with or obtaining consent from certain of these parties; and pay dividends or make distributions. The SVB debt instrument also includes events of default, including, among other things, payment defaults, any breach by us of representations, warranties or covenants, certain bankruptcy events and certain material adverse changes. If an event of default were to occur under this agreement and we were unable to obtain a waiver for the default, the counterparties could, among other remedies, accelerate our obligations under the debt instrument or other agreement and exercise their rights to foreclose on their security interests, which would cause substantial harm to our business and prospects. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Additionally, incurrence and maintenance of debt could have material adverse consequences on our business and financial condition, such as: requiring us to dedicate a portion of our cash flows from operations and other capital resources to debt service, thereby reducing our ability to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other cash requirements; increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions; limiting our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes and opportunities in our business and industry, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage; and limiting our ability to incur additional debt when needed, on acceptable terms or at all. There is a limited market for our common shares, and the trading price of our common shares is subject to volatility. Netlist common shares began trading on the Over-the-Counter market (the OTC in October 2018, following the decision to move trading of our common stock from The Nasdaq Capital Market. Because our stock is no longer listed on a registered national securities exchange, we are subject to certain blue sky laws of the various states which impose restrictions on our ability to offer and sell our securities. These blue sky laws may make it more difficult for us to raise capital or to issue our common stock for equity compensation or other strategic purposes, which could adversely affect our ability to fund our operations or to attract and retain employees. In addition, our stock may be defined as a penny stock under Rule 3a51-1 under the Exchange Act. Penny stocks are subject to Rule 15g-9, which imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that sell low-priced securities to persons other than established customers and institutional accredited investors. For transactions covered by this rule, a broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and have received the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to sale. Consequently, the rule may affect the ability of broker-dealers to sell our common stock and affect the ability of holders to sell their shares of our common stock in the secondary market. To the extent our common stock is subject to the penny stock regulations, the market liquidity for the shares will be adversely affected. Future issuances of our common stock or rights to purchase our common stock, including pursuant to our equity incentive plans, could result in additional dilution to the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause the price of our common stock to decline. We have historically funded our operations in large part with proceeds from equity and convertible debt financings, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. In addition to capital-raising purposes, we may also issue securities from time to time at prices and on other terms as we determine for acquiring other businesses or assets in exchange for shares of our common stock or other securities, issuing securities to collaborators in connection with strategic partnerships, attracting and retaining employees with equity compensation, or other purposes. If we sell common stock or other equity or convertible debt securities in the future, our then-existing stockholders could be materially diluted by such issuances and new investors could gain rights, preferences and privileges senior to the holders of our common stock, which could cause the price of our common stock to decline. Sales of our common stock, or the perception that such sales could occur, could cause the market price of our stock to drop significantly, regardless of the state of our business. As of December 31, 2022, there were 232,557,448 shares of our common stock outstanding. In addition, 4,866,239 shares of our common stock are subject to outstanding stock options and 3,441,961 shares of our common stock are subject to outstanding unvested restricted stock units. All outstanding shares of our common stock are eligible for sale in the public market under applicable federal securities laws, subject in certain cases to the requirements of Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and shares issued upon the exercise or conversion of outstanding stock options, warrants or convertible notes may also be eligible for sale in the public market, to the extent permitted by Rule 144 or other applicable securities laws and the provisions of the applicable stock option, warrant and convertible note agreements. If these shares are sold, or if it is perceived that they may be sold, in the public market, the trading price of our common stock could fall. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 As a sole director, Chun K. Hong has significant control over all corporate decisions that may not be in the best interest of our other stockholders. Our President, Chief Executive Officer and the sole member of our board of directors, Chun K. Hong, has the ability to exert substantial control over all matters requiring approval by our stockholders and our board of directors, including the election and removal of directors, any proposed merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets and other significant corporate transactions. This concentration of control could be disadvantageous to other stockholders with interests different from those of Mr. Hong. Anti-takeover provisions under our charter documents and Delaware law, as well as our rights agreement, could delay or prevent a change of control and could also limit the market price of our common stock. Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change of control of our Company or changes in our board of directors that our stockholders might consider favorable, including: our board of directors is authorized, without prior stockholder approval, to designate and issue preferred stock, commonly referred to as blank check preferred stock, which may have rights senior to those of our common stock; stockholder action by written consent is prohibited; nominations for election to our board of directors and the submission of matters to be acted upon by stockholders at a meeting are subject to advance notice requirements; and our board of directors is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal our bylaws. In addition, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which may prohibit certain business combinations with stockholders owning 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock. Further, we adopted a rights agreement that would, under certain specified circumstances and for so long as the rights issued under the rights agreement are outstanding, give the holders of our common stock the right to acquire additional shares of our capital stock, which would make it more difficult for a third party to acquire a significant percentage of our outstanding capital stock or attempt a hostile takeover of our Company. These and other provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and of Delaware law, as well as the existence of our rights agreement, could make it more difficult for stockholders or potential acquirers to obtain control of our board of directors or initiate actions that are opposed by our board of directors, including a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or other change of control transaction involving our Company. Any delay or prevention of a change of control transaction or changes in our board of directors could prevent the consummation of a transaction in which our stockholders could receive a substantial premium over the then-current market price for our common stock. In addition, these anti-takeover provisions could reduce the price that investors are willing to pay for shares of our common stock. We do not currently intend to pay dividends on our common stock, and any return to investors is expected to result, if at all, only from potential increases in the price of our common stock. We intend to use all available funds to finance our operations. Accordingly, while all decisions about dividends are at the discretion of our board of directors, we have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock in the past, and we have no intention of declaring or paying any such dividends in the foreseeable future. As a result, any return to investors is expected to result, if at all, only from potential increases in the price of our common stock. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 2. Properties Our corporate headquarters are located in Irvine, California where we lease and occupy approximately 14,809 square feet of office space under a lease that will expire in December 2026. Our warehouse is located in Irvine, 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 California where we lease and occupy approximately 6,081 square feet of warehouse space under a lease that will expire in February 2027. Our manufacturing facility is located in the PRC where we lease and occupy approximately 43,600 square feet of manufacturing space under a lease that will expire in June 2023. We believe our existing facilities are in a good operating condition and are suitable for the conduct of our business. Item 3. Legal Proceedings Certain legal proceedings in which we are involved are discussed in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Note 7 Commitments and Contingencies under the heading Litigation and Patent Reexaminations, and are incorporated herein by reference. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securitie s Our common stock began trading on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol NLST on November 30, 2006 and was transferred to The Nasdaq Capital Market effective on January 14, 2016. On September 27, 2018, our common stock was transferred to the OTCQX Best Market. On August 11, 2020, our common stock was transferred to the OTCQB . As of February 21, 2023, we had 235,523,847 outstanding shares of common stock, no outstanding shares of preferred stock, and approximately 13 holders of our common stock. Dividend Policy We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock in the past, and we have no intention of declaring or paying any such dividends in the foreseeable future. Additionally, our credit facility with SVB prohibits the payment of cash dividends without obtaining SVB s prior consent. Any declaration or payment of dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors, and will depend on our results of operations, capital requirements, legal and contractual restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans See Part III, Item 12 in this Form 10-K under the section titled Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management for information about our equity compensation plans which is incorporated by reference herein. Performance Graph The following graph shows a comparison of cumulative total shareholder return, calculated on a dividend-reinvested basis, on our common stock, the Russell 2000 Index and the S P 500 Index for the five years ended December 31, 2022. The graph assumes 100 was invested in each of our common stock, the Russell 2000 Index and the S P 500 Index as of the market close on December 30, 2017. Note that past stock price performance is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 The following table summarizes stock performance graph data points in dollars: 

12/30/17 12/29/18 12/28/19 1/2/21 1/1/22 12/31/22 Netlist 100 124 104 196 2,098 374 S P 500 Index 100 93 121 140 178 144 Russell 2000 Index 100 87 109 129 146 115 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation s The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. This section of this Form 10-K generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussions of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 are not included in this Form 10-K, and can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2022. Our fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period that ends on the Saturday nearest to December 31. Our fiscal year 2022 ended on December 31, 2022, fiscal year 2021 ended on January 1, 2022, and fiscal year 2020 ended on January 2, 2021. All fiscal years presented in this Form 10-K, except fiscal year 2020, included 52 weeks. Additionally, all quarters, except the fourth quarter of 2020, included 13 weeks. Fiscal year 2020 included 53 weeks, with a 14-week fourth quarter. Unless otherwise stated, all information presented herein is based on our fiscal calendar, and references to particular years, quarters, months or periods refer to our fiscal years ended in January or December and the associated quarters, months and periods of those fiscal years. Overview Netlist provides high-performance memory solutions to enterprise customers in diverse industries. Our products in various capacities and form factors and our line of custom and specialty memory products bring leading performance to customers in a variety of industries globally and cloud service providers. Netlist licenses its portfolio of intellectual property, including solutions relating to volatile memory, storage memory, and hybrid memory. Economic Conditions, Challenges and Risks Our performance, financial condition and prospects are affected by a number of factors and are exposed to a number of risks and uncertainties. We operate in a competitive and rapidly evolving industry in which new risks emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of the risks we may face, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor or combination of factors could cause actual results to differ from our expectations. See the discussion of certain risks that we face under Risk Factors in Item 1A of this report. Impact of COVID-19 on our Business The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our consolidated results of operations is uncertain. Although we initially observed demand increases in our products, we anticipate that the global health crisis caused by COVID-19 may negatively impact business activity across the globe. We will continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions altering our business operations that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, suppliers, and stakeholders, or as required by federal, state, or local authorities. It is not clear what the potential effects of such alterations or modifications may have on our business, consolidated results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Fiscal Year Highlights Amendment to SVB Credit Agreement On April 29, 2022, we entered into an amendment to a credit agreement dated October 31, 2009, which may from time to time be amended, modified, supplemented or restated, (the SVB Credit Agreement ), with SVB, which provides for a revolving line of credit of up to 10.0 million. The borrowing base is limited to 85 of eligible accounts receivable, subject to certain adjustments, and 50 of eligible inventory. Borrowings accrue interest on advance at a per annum rate equal to the greater of 0.75 above the Wall Street Journal prime rate Prime Rate or 4.25 . The maturity date is April 28, 2023, as amended. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 Second 2021 Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement On September 28, 2021, we entered into a purchase agreement (the Second 2021 Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park, pursuant to which we have the right to sell to Lincoln Park up to an aggregate of 75 million in shares of our common stock over the 36-month term of the Second 2021 Purchase Agreement subject to the conditions and limitations set forth in the Second 2021 Purchase Agreement. During 2021, Lincoln Park purchased an aggregate of 1,550,000 shares of our common stock for a net purchase price of 10.9 million under the Second 2021 Purchase Agreement. In connection with the purchases, we issued to Lincoln Park an aggregate of 20,809 shares of our common stock as additional commitment shares in noncash transactions. During 2022, Lincoln Park purchased an aggregate of 1,050,000 shares of our common stock for a net purchase price of 4.4 million under the Second 2021 Purchase Agreement. In connection with the purchases, we issued to Lincoln Park an aggregate of 8,502 shares of our common stock as additional commitment shares in noncash transactions. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, Lincoln Park purchased an aggregate of 2,650,000 shares of our common stock for a net purchase price of 4.3 million under the Second 2021 Purchase Agreement. In connection with the purchases, we issued to Lincoln Park an aggregate of 8,284 shares of our common stock as additional commitment shares in noncash transactions. Ineffective Internal Control over Financial Reporting A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In performing their audit of our internal control over financial reporting as required by Section 404 of SOX, our independent registered public accounting firm concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of December 31, 2022 due to one material weakness. The identified material weakness, at December 31, 2022, relates to the lack of an independent board and audit committee. While the control weaknesses identified did not result in any identified misstatements, a reasonable possibility exists that a material misstatement to the annual or interim consolidated financial statements and disclosures will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In an effort to address the identified material weakness related to the lack of an independent board and audit committee and to enhance our internal controls, our finance and accounting personnel are continuing to follow all of the same procedures that they undertook in preparation for independent audit committee meetings on a quarterly and annual basis. Our CEO and sole director will oversee these processes and review materials prepared by the finance and accounting staff as well as our independent registered public accounting firm on a quarterly and annual basis. If our measures are insufficient to address the material weakness, or if additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting occur in the future, we may not be able to timely or accurately report our results of operations or maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures. If we are unable to report financial information timely or accurately, or to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures, we could be required to restate our financial statements and be subject to, among other things, regulatory or enforcement actions, securities litigation, limitations on our ability to access capital markets, debt rating agency downgrades or rating withdrawals, or loss in confidence of our investors, any one of which could adversely affect the valuation of our common stock and our business prospects. We can give no assurance that the measures we have taken and plan to take in the future will remediate the material weakness identified or that any additional material weaknesses will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations Net Sales and Gross Margin Net sales and gross margin for 2022 and 2021 were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

2022 2021 Change Net product sales 161,637 102,355 58 License fee 40,000 (100 Net sales 161,637 142,355 14 Gross profit - product sales 11,892 8,897 34 Gross margin percentage - product sales 7 9 Gross profit 11,892 48,897 (76 Gross margin percentage 7 34 Net Sales Net sales include (i) resales of certain component products, including DIMMs, SSDs and DRAM products, and sales of our high-performance memory subsystems and (ii) an upfront non-refundable fee pursuant to the Strategic Agreement. Net product sales increased by approximately 59.3 million during 2022 compared to 2021 primarily as a result of a 81.4 million increase in the sale of RDIMM and discrete component products and a 9.5 million increase in the sale of Netlist s flash and SSD products, offset by a 31.6 million decrease in sales of low-profile memory subsystem products. Gross Profit and Gross Margin Product gross profit increased in 2022 compared to 2021 due primarily to higher sales across all product groups. Product gross margin percentage decreased between the periods as a result of the change in our product mix and increased component product resales as a percentage of revenue. Operating Expenses Operating expenses for 2022 and 2021 were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

2022 2021 Change Research and development 10,624 7,241 47 Percentage of net product sales 7 7 Intellectual property legal fees 20,421 19,494 5 Percentage of net product sales 13 19 Selling, general and administrative 14,347 10,779 33 Percentage of net product sales 9 11 Research and Development Research and development expenses increased in 2022 compared to 2021 due primarily to an increase in employee headcount, related overhead and new product research. Intellectual Property Legal Fees Intellectual property legal fees consist of legal fees incurred for enforcement, protection and patent filings and prosecution. Although we expect intellectual property legal fees to generally increase over time as we continue to 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 protect, defend and enforce and seek to expand our patent portfolio, these increases may not be linear but may occur in lump sums depending on the due dates of patent filings and their associated fees and the arrangements we may make with our legal advisors in connection with enforcement proceedings, which may include fee arrangements or contingent fee arrangements in which we would pay these legal advisors on a scaled percentage of any negotiated fees, settlements or judgments awarded to us based on if, how and when the fees, settlements or judgments are obtained. See Note 7 Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further discussion. Intellectual property legal fees increased during 2022 compared to 2021 due primarily to higher legal expenses incurred to defend and enforce our patent portfolio internationally. Selling, General and Administrative Selling, general and administrative expenses increased in 2022 compared to 2021 due primarily to an increase in employee headcount and overhead and outside services. Other Income, Net Other income, net for 2022 and 2021 was as follows (dollars in thousands): 

2022 2021 Change Interest income (expense), net 57 (568) Other income, net 74 643 Total other income, net 131 75 (75 Interest expense, net, in 2021 consisted primarily of interest expense on the Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note issued on November 18, 2015 (the SVIC Note to SVIC No. 28 Technology Business Investment L.L.P., a Korean limited liability partnership SVIC ), an affiliate of Samsung Venture Investment Co., and a revolving line of credit under the SVB Credit Agreement, along with the accretion of debt discounts and amortization of debt issuance costs on the SVIC Note. The SVIC Note was paid off in December 2021 resulting in a decrease in interest expense for 2022 compared to 2021. Other income, net in 2021 included the gain on forgiveness of the PPP Loan of 0.6 million unsecured promissory note entered into on April 23, 2020, by and between the Company and Hanmi Bank under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP (the PPP Loan administered by the Small Business Administration SBA ). This gain was recognized during the second quarter of 2021 resulting in a decrease in other income for 2022 compared to 2021. Provision for Income Taxes For 2022, our effective tax rate was 0 due primarily to our net loss and valuation allowances. During 2021, we recorded a provision for income taxes of 6.6 million related to the Korean withholding tax incurred in connection with the upfront non-refundable fee pursuant to the Strategic Agreement of 40 million from SK hynix recognized during the second quarter of 2021. Due primarily to this withholding tax, our effective tax rate for 2021 was higher at 58 than the statutory federal income tax rate of 21 . Liquidity and Capital Resources We believe our existing balance of cash and cash equivalents, which totaled 43.6 million as of December 31, 2022, along with cash receipts from revenues, borrowing availability under the SVB Credit Agreement, the equity financing available under the Second 2021 Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement, funds raised through other future debt and equity offerings and taking into account cash expected to be used in our operations, will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, on April 5, 2021, we entered into a Product Purchase and Supply Agreement (the Supply Agreement with SK hynix and the Strategic Agreement. Both agreements have a term of 5 years. Under the Strategic Agreement, (a) we have granted to SK hynix worldwide, non-exclusive, non-assignable licenses to certain of our patents covering memory technologies and (b) SK hynix has granted to us worldwide, non-exclusive, non-assignable licenses to its patent portfolio. In addition, the Strategic Agreement provided for the settlement of all intellectual property proceedings between us and SK hynix and a settlement fee of 40 million paid to us by SK hynix. In addition, the parties have agreed to collaborate on certain technology development activities. For a description of contractual obligations, see Note 4, Debt and Note 5, Leases of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Cash Flow Summary Our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities, as reflected in the consolidated statements of cash flows, are summarized as follows (in thousands): 

2022 2021 Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities (14,995) 6,007 Investing activities (467) (520) Financing activities 594 36,466 Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (14,868) 41,953 Net cash used in operating activities for 2022 was primarily a result of net loss of 33.4 million, non-cash adjustments to net loss of 4.2 million, partially offset by net cash inflows from changes in operating assets and liabilities of 14.2 million driven predominantly by an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other liabilities and a decrease in accounts receivable and inventories. Net cash provided by financing activities for 2022 primarily consisted of 4.4 million in net proceeds from issuance of common stock under the Second 2021 Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement and 0.3 million in proceeds from exercise of stock options, partially offset by 2.1 million in net payments under the SVB Credit Agreement, 0.6 million in payments of note payable to finance insurance policies and 1.4 million in payments for taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards. Net cash provided by operating activities for 2021 was primarily a result of net income of 4.8 million, non-cash adjustments to net income of 2.0 million, offset by net cash outflows from changes in operating assets and liabilities of 1.0 million driven predominantly by an increase in accounts payable, partially offset by an increase in accounts receivable and inventories. Net cash provided by financing activities for 2021 primarily consisted of 39.6 million in net proceeds from issuance of common stock under the Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 24, 2019, by and between the Company and Lincoln Park (the 2019 Purchase Agreement ), the Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 5, 2020, by and between the Company and Lincoln Park (the 2020 Purchase Agreement ), the Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 12, 2021, by and between the Company and Lincoln Park (the First 2021 Purchase Agreement ), and the Second 2021 Purchase Agreement, 11.8 million in proceeds from exercise of stock options and warrants and 3.3 million in net borrowings under the SVB Credit Agreement, partially offset by 17.1 million in repayment of SVIC Note and other debt and 1.1 million in payments for taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards. Capital Resources Second 2021 Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement On September 28, 2021, we entered into the Second 2021 Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park, pursuant to which we have the right to sell to Lincoln Park up to an aggregate of 75 million in shares of our common stock over the 36-month term of the Second 2021 Purchase Agreement subject to the conditions and limitations set forth in the Second 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 2021 Purchase Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, 59.7 million remains available under the Second 2021 Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park. SVB Credit Agreement On October 31, 2009, we entered into the SVB Credit Agreement, which provides for a revolving line of credit of up to 10.0 million, as amended. The SVB Credit Agreement was most recently amended on April 29, 2022, and the borrowing base is limited to 85 of eligible accounts receivable, subject to certain adjustments, and 50 of eligible inventory. Borrowings accrue interest on advance at a per annum rate equal to the greater of 0.75 above the Prime Rate or 4.25 . The maturity date is April 28, 2023, as amended. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding borrowings under the SVB Credit Agreement were 4.9 million with no availability under the revolving line of credit. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we made net repayments of 2.1 million under the SVB Credit Agreement. Critical Accounting Estimates The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and operating results require our management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. While our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K, we believe the accounting policies discussed below used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements require the most significant estimates, judgments, assumptions and decisions. Sales Return Reserves Our revenue generating activities include variable consideration which is recorded as a reduction of the transaction price based upon expected amounts at the time revenue for the corresponding product sale is recognized. Common forms of variable consideration include limited rights of return for up to 30 days, except for sales of excess component inventories, which contain no right-of-return privileges and volume rebates for meeting established sales targets. Estimates of variable consideration and determination of whether to include estimated amounts in the transaction price are based largely on an assessment of the anticipated performance and all information (historical, current and forecasted) that is reasonably available. Returns for products sold are estimated using the expected value method and are recorded as a reduction in reported revenues at the time of sale based upon historical product return experience and is adjusted for known trends to arrive at the amount of consideration to which we expect to receive. Estimated amounts are included in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. Inventories Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or the net realizable value. Cost is determined on an average cost basis which approximates actual cost on a first-in, first-out basis and includes raw materials, labor and manufacturing overhead. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. We evaluate inventory balances for excess quantities and obsolescence on a regular basis by analyzing estimated demand, inventory on hand, sales levels and other information and reduce inventory balances to net realizable value for excess and obsolete inventory based on this analysis. At the 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 point of the write-down recognition, a new, lower cost basis for that inventory is established, and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis. Warranties We offer standard product warranties generally ranging from one to three years to our memory subsystem products customers, depending on the negotiated terms of any purchase agreements, and has no other post-shipment obligations or separately priced extended warranty or product maintenance contracts. These warranties require us to repair or replace defective product returned to us during the warranty period at no cost to the customer. Warranties are not offered on sales of component products. We record an estimate for warranty related costs at the time of sale based on our historical and estimated future product return rates and expected repair or replacement costs. Estimated future warranty costs are recorded in the period in which the sale is recorded and are included in cost of sales in the consolidated statements of operations. Stock-Based Compensation Stock-based awards are comprised principally of stock options, restricted stock awards RSAs and restricted stock units RSUs ). Stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as an expense over the requisite service period, which is the vesting period, on a straight-line basis, net of estimated forfeitures. We use the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the grant date fair value of stock options. The model requires us to estimate the expected volatility and expected term of the stock options, which are highly complex and subjective variables. The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of our common stock. The expected term is computed using the simplified method as our best estimate given our lack of actual exercise history. The risk-free rate selected to value any particular grant is based on the U.S. Treasury rate that corresponds to the expected term of the grant effective as of the date of the grant. The expected dividend assumption is based on our history and management s expectation regarding dividend payouts. The grant-date fair value of RSAs and RSUs equals the closing price of our common stock on the grant date. Uncertain Tax Positions We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of our position. The tax benefit recognized in the financial statements for a particular tax position is based on the largest benefit that is more likely than not to be realized. The amount of unrecognized tax benefits is adjusted as appropriate for changes in facts and circumstances, such as significant amendments to existing tax laws, new regulations or interpretations by the taxing authorities, new information obtained during a tax examination, or resolution of an examination. The application of tax laws and regulations is subject to legal and factual interpretation, judgment and uncertainty. Tax laws and regulations may change as a result of changes in fiscal policy, changes in legislation, the evolution of regulations and court rulings. Therefore, the actual liability for U.S. or foreign taxes may be materially different from our estimates, which could require us to record additional tax liabilities or to reduce previously recorded tax liabilities, as applicable. Recent Accounting Standards See Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further discussion. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk The majority of our sales and our expenses are denominated in U.S. dollars. Since we operate in the PRC, a percentage of our sales and operational expenses are denominated in RMB and exchange volatility could positively or 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 negatively impact those operating costs. Additionally, we may hold certain assets and liabilities in local currency on our consolidated balance sheet. As the sales and operational expenses in RMB is immaterial, we do not believe that foreign exchange volatility has a material impact on our current business or results of operations. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Dat a 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Page Consolidated Balance Sheets 47 Consolidated Statements of Operations 48 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit 49 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 50 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 51 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 75 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 91 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 Netlist, Inc. and Subsidiaries CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands, except par value amounts) 

December 31, January 1, 2022 2022 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net of allowances of (2022) and (2021) Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current Liabilities: Accounts payable Revolving line of credit Accrued payroll and related liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Long-term debt due within one year Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value shares authorized: Series A preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding Common stock, par value shares authorized; (2022) and (2021) shares issued and outstanding Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Netlist, Inc. and Subsidiaries CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Year Ended December 31, January 1, January 2, 2022 2022 2021 Net product sales License fee Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Operating expenses: Research and development Intellectual property legal fees Selling, general and administrative Total operating expenses Operating (loss) income ) ) Other income (expense), net: Interest income (expense), net ) ) Other income, net Total other income (expense), net ) (Loss) income before provision for income taxes ) ) Provision for income taxes Net (loss) income ) ) (Loss) earnings per share: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted-average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Netlist, Inc. and Subsidiaries CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) (in thousands) 

Additional Total Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amount Capital Deficit Equity (Deficit) Balance, December 28, 2019 ) ) Net loss ) ) Issuance of common stock, net Issuance of warrants Exercise of stock options Exercise of warrants Stock-based compensation Restricted stock units vested and distributed ) Tax withholdings related to net share settlements of equity awards ) ) ) Balance, January 2, 2021 ) ) Net income Issuance of common stock, net Exercise of stock options Exercise of warrants Stock-based compensation Restricted stock units vested and distributed ) Tax withholdings related to net share settlements of equity awards ) ) ) Balance, January 1, 2022 ) Net loss ) ) Issuance of common stock, net Exercise of stock options Stock-based compensation Restricted stock units vested and distributed ) Tax withholdings related to net share settlements of equity awards ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Netlist, Inc. and Subsidiaries CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, January 1, January 2, 2022 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Interest accrued on convertible promissory notes Amortization of debt discounts Non-cash lease expense Gain on extinguishment of debt ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of warrant in lieu of payment Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Accounts payable ) Accrued payroll and related liabilities Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisition of property and equipment ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net borrowings (repayments) under line of credit ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Principal repayments under finance lease ) ) ) Payments on note payable and long-term debt ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net Proceeds from exercise of stock options and warrants Payments for taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 Netlist, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements reportable segment, which is the design and manufacture of high-performance memory subsystems for the server, high-performance computing and communications markets. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Netlist, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net sales and expenses. Actual results may differ materially from those estimates. We have evaluated events occurring subsequent to December 31, 2022, through the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and concluded that there were no events that required recognition and disclosures, other than those discussed elsewhere in the notes hereto. Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period s presentation. Our fiscal year is the - or -week period that ends on the Saturday nearest to December 31. Our fiscal year 2022 ended on December 31, 2022, fiscal year 2021 ended on January 1, 2022, and fiscal year 2020 ended on January 2, 2021. All fiscal years presented in this Form 10-K, except fiscal year 2020, included weeks. Additionally, all quarters, except the fourth quarter of 2020, included weeks. Fiscal year 2020 included weeks, with a -week fourth quarter. Unless otherwise stated, references to particular years, quarters, months and periods refer to our fiscal years ended in January or December and the associated quarters, months and periods of those fiscal years. Recently Adopted Accounting Standards 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 contract liabilities. Warranties We offer standard product warranties generally ranging from one to to our memory subsystem products customers, depending on the negotiated terms of any purchase agreements, and have no other post-shipment obligations or separately priced extended warranty or product maintenance contracts. These warranties require us to repair or replace defective product returned to us during the warranty period at no cost to the customer. Warranties are not offered on sales of component products. We record an estimate for warranty related costs at the time of sale based on our historical and estimated future product return rates and expected repair or replacement costs. Estimated future warranty costs are recorded in the period in which the sale is recorded and are included in cost of sales in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 . Leasehold improvements are recorded at cost and amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the remaining lease term. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Upon retirement or sale, the cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization of disposed assets are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is included in other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 impairment of long-lived assets as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 Work in process Finished goods Property and Equipment, net Property and equipment, net consisted of the following (in thousands): Computer equipment and software Leasehold improvements Furniture and fixtures Construction in progress Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Substantially all our property and equipment are located within the United States as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022. Disaggregation of Net Sales The following table shows disaggregated net sales by major source (in thousands): Sale of the Company s modular memory subsystems License fee Total net sales During the second quarter of 2021, we received and recognized an upfront non-refundable license fee of million as consideration to enter into a Strategic Product Supply and License Agreement the Strategic Agreement with SK hynix, Inc., a South Korean memory semiconductor supplier, SK hynix ). The license fee revenue was recognized when we granted the license of our patents to SK hynix, since the performance obligation was satisfied at a point in time. In connection with the receipt of this fee, during the second quarter of 2021, we recorded a provision for income taxes of million related to the Korean withholding tax incurred. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 People s Republic of China(1) Other countries Total net sales (1) China includes Hong Kong and Taiwan. The United States and China accounted for more than of our net product sales for 2022, 2021 and 2020. Earnings (Loss) Per Share The following table shows the computation of basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share of common stock (in thousands, except per share data): ) Denominator: Weighted-average basic shares outstanding Effect of dilutive securities Weighted-average diluted shares Basic (loss) earnings per share ) ) Diluted (loss) earnings per share ) ) We computed net loss per share using the two-class method required for unvested participating securities through the three months ended March 28, 2020 as restricted stock awards were considered participating securities until they vested in full during that quarter. No allocation of undistributed earnings to participating securities was performed for periods with net loss as such securities do not have a contractual obligation to share in our loss. The table below sets forth potentially dilutive weighted average common share equivalents, consisting of shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options and warrants using the treasury stock method, shares issuable upon conversion of the SVIC Note (see Note 4) using the if-converted method, and the vesting of RSAs and RSUs. These potential weighted average common share equivalents have been excluded from the diluted net loss per share for 2022 and 2020 calculations above as their effect would be anti-dilutive (in thousands): 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 Cash Flow Information The following table shows supplemental disclosures of cash flow information and non-cash financing activities (in thousands): Income taxes Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: Acquisition of property and equipment included in liabilities Gain on extinguishment of debt Debt financing of insurance million, as amended. The SVB Credit Agreement was most recently amended on April 29, 2022, and the borrowing base is limited to of eligible accounts receivable, subject to certain adjustments, and of eligible inventory. Borrowings accrue interest on advance at a per annum rate equal to the greater of above the Wall Street Journal prime rate Prime Rate or . The maturity date is April 28, 2023, as amended. The SVB Credit Agreement requires letters of credit to be secured by cash, which is classified as restricted cash in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, (i) outstanding letters of credit were million and million, respectively, and (ii) outstanding borrowings were million and million, respectively. There was availability under the revolving line of credit as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, all obligations under the SVB Credit Agreement were secured by a first priority security interest in our tangible and intangible assets. The SVB Credit Agreement subjects us to certain affirmative and negative covenants, including financial covenants with respect to our liquidity and restrictions on the payment of dividends. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with our covenants under the SVB Credit Agreement. Less: amounts due within one year ) ) Long-term debt Secured Convertible Note On November 18, 2015, in connection with entering into the Joint Development and License Agreement (the JDLA with Samsung, we issued to SVIC a secured convertible note (the SVIC Note and stock purchase warrant (the SVIC Warrant ). The SVIC Note had an original principal amount of million, accrued interest at a rate of per year, was due and payable in full on December 31, 2021, and was convertible into shares of our common stock at a conversion price of per share, subject to certain adjustments, on the maturity date of the SVIC Note. Upon our change of control prior to the maturity date of the SVIC Note, the SVIC Note might, at our option, be assumed by the surviving entity or be redeemed upon the consummation of such change of control for the principal and accrued but 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of per share, subject to certain adjustments, was only exercisable in the event we would exercise our right to redeem the SVIC Note prior to its maturity date, and would expire on December 31, 2025. In December 2021, we repaid the full amounts outstanding under the SVIC Note and issued shares of our common stock upon the exercise of of our warrants by SVIC for cash proceeds of million. The SVIC Warrant was valued at million, based on its relative fair value, and was recorded as a debt discount. We also recorded million of debt issuance costs as a debt discount for professional services fees rendered in connection with the transaction. These amounts were being amortized to interest expense over the term of the SVIC Note using the interest method. For 2021 and 2020, we amortized million and million, respectively, to interest expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The effective interest rate, including accretion of the SVIC Note to par and amortization of debt issuance costs, was approximately . In connection with the SVIC Note, SVIC was granted a first priority security interest in our patent portfolio and a second priority security interest in all of our other tangible and intangible assets. Upon issuance of the SVIC Note, Netlist, SVB and SVIC entered into an Intercreditor Agreement pursuant to which SVB and SVIC agreed to their relative security interests in our assets. Additionally, upon issuance of the SVIC Note and the SVIC Warrant, Netlist and SVIC entered into a Registration Rights Agreement pursuant to which we were obligated to register with the Securities and Exchange Commission, upon demand by SVIC, the shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of the SVIC Note or upon exercise of the SVIC Warrant. The SVIC Note subjected us to certain affirmative and negative operating covenants. We made the repayment of million on December 27, 2021 and SVIC purchased shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share on December 28, 2021. As a result, neither the SVIC Note nor the SVIC Warrant remained outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022. Paycheck Protection Program Loan On April 23, 2020, we entered into an unsecured promissory note with a principal amount of million through Hanmi Bank under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP (the PPP Loan administered by the Small Business Administration SBA and established as part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ). The PPP Loan bore interest at per annum and would mature on April 23, 2022 with the first six months of interest and principal payments deferred. The amount borrowed under the PPP Loan was guaranteed by the SBA and was eligible for forgiveness in an amount equal to the sum of the eligible costs, including payroll, benefits, rent and utilities, incurred by us during the 24-week period beginning on the date we received the proceeds. The PPP Loan contained customary events of default, and the occurrence of an event of default might result in a claim for the immediate repayment of all amounts outstanding under the PPP Loan. In May 2021, the full amount outstanding under the PPP Loan was forgiven, resulting in a gain of million during the second quarter of 2021. Insurance Policy Finance Agreement As of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, we had million and million, respectively, in short-term notes payable for the financing of insurance policies. On December 29, 2021, we entered into a short-term note payable for million bearing interest at to finance insurance policies. Principal and interest payments on this note began January 15, 2022 and were made evenly based on a straight line amortization over a period with the final payment being made on September 15, 2022. On January 4, 2023, we entered into a short-term notes payable for million bearing interest at to finance insurance policies. Principal and interest payments on this note began January 15, 2023 and are made evenly based on a straight line amortization over a period. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 Finance lease cost Amortization of right-of-use assets Interest on lease liabilities Total finance lease cost Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases ) Finance leases Lease modification to increase operating lease assets Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Finance Leases Property and equipment, at cost Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Other liabilities Total finance lease liabilities The following table includes supplemental information: 

2022 2021 Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term (in years) Operating leases Finance leases Weighted Average Discount Rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) ) Total ) Foreign ) ) ) ) ) The provision for income taxes consisted of the following (in thousands): Foreign Total current Deferred: Federal ) ) ) State ) ) ) Foreign Change in valuation allowance Total deferred Provision for income taxes Income taxes differ from the amounts computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate of for 2022, 2021 and 2020. The reconciliation of this difference is as follows (in thousands): Foreign withholding taxes Excess tax benefits from equity awards Change in valuation allowance Other Effective tax rate 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. The significant components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows (in thousands): Tax credit carryforwards Capitalized research and development expenses Reserves and allowances Foreign operating loss carryforward Stock-based compensation Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) We evaluate whether a valuation allowance should be established against our deferred tax assets based on the consideration of all available evidence using a more likely than not standard. In making such judgments, significant weight is given to evidence that can be objectively verified. As of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, a valuation allowance of million and million, respectively, has been provided based on our assessment that it is more likely than not that sufficient taxable income will not be generated to realize the tax benefits of the temporary differences. The valuation allowance increased by million, million and million during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. These increases in these years primarily relate to the increases in the net operating loss NOL carryforward and tax credit carryforwards. As of December 31, 2022, we had million of federal NOL carryforwards, of which million will expire from 2029 through 2037, and million of which will be carried forward indefinitely, and million of state NOL carryforwards that will expire from 2029 through 2041. We had federal and state tax credit carryforwards of million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022. Federal tax credit carryforwards began to expire in 2022 and state tax credits carryforward indefinitely. In addition, we had million of NOL in the People s Republic of China PRC that expired in 2022, with a remaining amount of million of NOL carryforward in the PRC at December 31, 2022. Utilization of the NOL and tax credit carryforwards is subject to an annual limitation due to the ownership percentage change limitations provided by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code and similar state and foreign law provisions. Under Section 382 of the Code, substantial changes in our ownership may limit the amount of NOL and tax credit carryforwards that are available to offset taxable income. The annual limitation would not automatically result in the loss of NOL and tax credit carryforwards but may limit the amount available in any given future period. Additional limitations on the use of these tax attributes could occur in the event of possible disputes arising in examination from various taxing authorities. We file income tax returns with federal, state and foreign jurisdictions. We are no longer subject to Internal Revenue Service IRS or state examinations for periods prior to 2018, although certain carryforward attributes that were generated prior to 2018 may still be adjusted by the IRS. We include interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions within the provision for income taxes. As of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the interest or penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits were insignificant, and during 2022, 2021 and 2020, the interest and penalties related to uncertain tax position recorded were 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 unrecognized tax benefits that would significantly change in the next 12 months. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 shares of serial preferred stock, with a par value of per share. shares of preferred stock were outstanding as of December 31, 2022 or January 1, 2022. On April 17, 2017, we entered into a rights agreement (as amended from time to time, the Rights Agreement with Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as rights agent. In connection with the adoption of the Rights Agreement and pursuant to its terms, our board of directors authorized and declared a dividend of right (each, a Right for each outstanding share of our common stock to stockholders of record at the close of business on May 18, 2017 (the Record Date ), and authorized the issuance of Right for each share of our common stock issued by us (except as otherwise provided in the Rights Agreement) between the Record Date and the Distribution Date (as defined below). Each Right entitles the registered holder, subject to the terms of the Rights Agreement, to purchase from us, when exercisable and subject to adjustment, unit consisting of one one -thousandth of a share (a Unit of our Series A Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock ), at a purchase price of per Unit, subject to adjustment. Subject to the provisions of the Rights Agreement, including certain exceptions specified therein, a distribution date for the Rights (the Distribution Date will occur upon the earlier of (i) business days following a public announcement that a person or group of affiliated or associated persons (an Acquiring Person has acquired or otherwise obtained beneficial ownership of or more of the then-outstanding shares of our common stock, and (ii) business days (or such later date as may be determined by our board of directors) following the commencement of a tender offer or exchange offer that would result in a person or group becoming an Acquiring Person. The Rights are not exercisable until the Distribution Date and, unless earlier redeemed or exchanged by us pursuant to the terms of the Rights Agreement (as amended on April 16, 2018, April 16, 2019 and August 14, 2020) will expire on the close of business on April 17, 2024. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 shares of our serial preferred stock as Series A Preferred Stock and setting forth the rights, preferences and limitations of the Preferred Stock. We filed the Certificate of Designation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on April 17, 2017. Common Stock We have one class of common stock with a par value of per share. The number of shares of the common stock authorized for issuance is . 2019 Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement On June 24, 2019, we entered into a purchase agreement the 2019 Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC Lincoln Park ), pursuant to which we have the right to sell to Lincoln Park up to an aggregate of million in shares of our common stock subject to the conditions and limitations set forth in the 2019 Purchase Agreement. As consideration for entering into the 2019 Purchase Agreement, we issued to Lincoln Park shares of our common stock as initial commitment shares in a noncash transaction on June 24, 2019 and would issue up to additional shares of our common stock as additional commitment shares on a pro rata basis in connection with any additional purchases. We would not receive any cash proceeds from the issuance of these additional commitment shares. During 2020, Lincoln Park did not purchase shares of our common stock under the 2019 Purchase Agreement. During 2021, Lincoln Park purchased an aggregate of shares of our common stock for a net purchase price of million under the 2019 Purchase Agreement. In connection with the purchases, during 2021, we issued to Lincoln Park an aggregate of shares of our common stock as additional commitment shares in noncash transactions. In July 2021, we completed the sales under the 2019 Purchase Agreement. 2020 Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement On March 5, 2020, we entered into another purchase agreement the 2020 Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park, pursuant to which we had the right to sell to Lincoln Park up to an aggregate of million in shares of our common stock over the -month term of the 2020 Purchase Agreement subject to the conditions and limitations set forth in the 2020 Purchase Agreement. As consideration for entering into the 2020 Purchase Agreement, we issued to Lincoln Park shares of our common stock as initial commitment shares in a noncash transaction on March 6, 2020 and would issue up to additional shares of our common stock as additional commitment shares on a pro rata basis in connection with any additional purchases. We would not receive any cash proceeds from the issuance of these additional commitment shares. During 2020, Lincoln Park purchased an aggregate of shares of our common stock for a net purchase price of million, under the 2020 Purchase Agreement. In connection with the purchases, during 2020, we issued to Lincoln Park an aggregate of shares of our common stock, as additional commitment shares in noncash transactions. During 2021, Lincoln Park purchased an aggregate of shares of our common stock for a net purchase price of million under the 2020 Purchase Agreement. In connection with the purchases, during 2021, we issued to Lincoln Park an aggregate of shares of our common stock as additional commitment shares in noncash transactions. In February 2021, we completed the sales under the 2020 Purchase Agreement. First 2021 Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement On July 12, 2021, we entered into a purchase agreement (the First 2021 Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park, pursuant to which we have the right to sell to Lincoln Park up to an aggregate of million in shares of our common stock subject to the conditions and limitations set forth in the First 2021 Purchase Agreement. As consideration for entering into the First 2021 Purchase Agreement, we issued to Lincoln Park shares of our common stock as initial commitment shares in a noncash transaction on July 12, 2021 and would issue up to additional shares of 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 shares of our common stock for a net purchase price of million under the First 2021 Purchase Agreement. In connection with the purchases, during 2021, we issued to Lincoln Park an aggregate of shares of our common stock as additional commitment shares in noncash transactions. In October 2021, we completed the sales under the First 2021 Purchase Agreement. Second 2021 Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement On September 28, 2021, we entered into a purchase agreement (the Second 2021 Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park, pursuant to which we have the right to sell to Lincoln Park up to an aggregate of million in shares of our common stock subject to the conditions and limitations set forth in the Second 2021 Purchase Agreement. Concurrent with the execution of the Second 2021 Purchase Agreement, we also entered into a registration rights agreement with Lincoln Park relating to our common stock to be sold to Lincoln Park. As consideration for entering into the Second 2021 Purchase Agreement, we issued to Lincoln Park shares of our common stock as initial commitment shares in a noncash transaction on September 28, 2021 and will issue up to additional shares of our common stock as additional commitment shares on a pro rata basis in connection with any additional purchases. We will not receive any cash proceeds from the issuance of these additional commitment shares. Pursuant to the Second 2021 Purchase Agreement, on any business day and as often as every other business day over the term of the Second 2021 Purchase Agreement, we have the right, from time to time, at our sole discretion and subject to certain conditions, to direct Lincoln Park to purchase up to shares of our common stock, provided Lincoln Park s obligation under any single such purchase will not exceed million, unless we and Lincoln Park mutually agree to increase the maximum amount of such single regular purchase. If we direct Lincoln Park to purchase the maximum number of shares of common stock we then may sell in a regular purchase, then in addition to such regular purchase, and subject to certain conditions and limitations in the Second 2021 Purchase Agreement, we may direct Lincoln Park to purchase an additional amount of common stock that may not exceed the lesser of (i) of the number of shares purchased pursuant to the corresponding regular purchase or (ii) of the total number of shares of our common stock traded during a specified period on the applicable purchase date as set forth in the Second 2021 Purchase Agreement. Under certain circumstances and in accordance with the Second 2021 Purchase Agreement, we may direct Lincoln Park to purchase shares in multiple accelerated purchases on the same trading day. We control the timing and amount of any sales of our common stock to Lincoln Park. There is no upper limit on the price per share that Lincoln Park must pay for our common stock under the Second 2021 Purchase Agreement, but in no event will shares be sold to Lincoln Park on a day the closing price is less than the floor price specified in the Second 2021 Purchase Agreement. In all instances, we may not sell shares of our common stock to Lincoln Park under the Second 2021 Purchase Agreement if that would result in Lincoln Park beneficially owning more than of our common stock. The Second 2021 Purchase Agreement does not limit our ability to raise capital from other sources at our sole discretion, except that, subject to certain exceptions, we may not enter into any Variable Rate Transaction (as defined in the Second 2021 Purchase Agreement, including the issuance of any floating conversion rate or variable priced equity-like securities) during the after the date of the Second 2021 Purchase Agreement. We have the right to terminate the Second 2021 Purchase Agreement at any time and at cost to us. During 2021, Lincoln Park purchased an aggregate of shares of our common stock for a net purchase price of million under the Second 2021 Purchase Agreement. In connection with the purchases, we issued to Lincoln Park an aggregate of shares of our common stock as additional commitment shares in noncash transactions. During 2022, Lincoln Park purchased an aggregate of shares of our common stock for a net purchase price of million under the Second 2021 Purchase Agreement. In connection with the purchases, we issued to Lincoln Park an aggregate of shares of our common stock as additional commitment shares in noncash transactions. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 shares of our common stock for a net purchase price of million under the Second 2021 Purchase Agreement. In connection with the purchase, we issued to Lincoln Park an aggregate of shares of our common stock as additional commitment shares in noncash transactions. Warrants Warrant activity during 2021 is as follows: Granted Exercised ) Expired Outstanding as of January 1, 2022 In August and December 2020, we issued warrants to purchase up to and shares of our common stock at exercise prices of and per share, respectively, to a consulting firm as partial consideration for their services rendered. During 2020, we issued shares of our common stock upon the cashless exercise of of our warrants. During 2021, we issued (i) shares of our common stock upon the exercise of of our warrants for total cash proceeds of million and (ii) shares of our common stock upon the cashless exercise of of our warrants. shares of our common stock pursuant to awards granted under the Amended 2006 Plan. Pursuant to the terms of the Amended 2006 Plan, beginning January 1, 2017, the automatic annual increase to the number of shares of common stock that may be issued pursuant to awards granted under the Amended 2006 Plan is equal to the lesser of (i) of the number of shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of the first day of the applicable calendar year, and (ii) shares of our common stock, subject to adjustment for certain corporate actions. As of December 31, 2022, we had shares of our common stock available for issuance pursuant to future awards to be granted under the Amended 2006 Plan. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 per year over and expire from the date of grant. The weighted-average assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model and the resulting weighted-average grant date fair value of stock options granted were as follows: Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected dividends Weighted-average grant date fair value per share The following table summarizes the activity related to stock options during 2022: Granted - - Exercised ) Expired or forfeited ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised during 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. There was significant intrinsic value of options exercised during 2020. Restricted Stock Awards and Restricted Stock Units RSAs granted under the Amended 2006 Plan vest annually on each anniversary of the grant date over a term. RSUs granted for employees and consultants generally vest semi-annually from the grant date over a four -year term and RSUs granted for independent directors fully-vested on the grant date. There was no activity related to RSAs during 2022. The following table summarizes the activity related to RSUs during 2022: Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Balance nonvested as of December 31, 2022 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 Stock-Based Compensation Research and development Selling, general and administrative Total As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately million, net of estimated forfeitures, of unearned stock-based compensation, which we expect to recognize over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 401(k) Plan We have a defined contribution plan under Section 401(k) of the Code 401(k) covering full-time domestic employees who meet certain eligibility requirements. Under the 401(k) plan, eligible employees may contribute up to 100 of their eligible compensation on either a pre-tax or after-tax Roth 401(k) basis, or up to the annual maximum allowed by the IRS. We may make matching contributions on the contributions of a participant on a discretionary basis. During 2022 and 2021, our matching contributions totaled million and million, respectively. During 2020, we did t make any matching contributions. Customer B Customer C Less than of total net product sales As of December 31, 2022, customer represented approximately of aggregate gross accounts receivable. As of January 1, 2022, customers represented approximately , , and , respectively, of aggregate gross accounts receivable. The loss of any of our significant customers or a reduction in sales to or difficulties collecting payments from any of these customers could significantly reduce our net product sales and adversely affect our operating results. We mitigate risks associated with foreign receivables by purchasing comprehensive foreign credit insurance. We resell certain component products to end-customers that are not reached in the distribution models of the component manufacturers, including storage customers, appliance customers, system builders and cloud and datacenter customers. For 2022, 2021 and 2020, resales of these products represented approximately , and , respectively, of our net product sales. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 Supplier B Supplier C Supplier D Less than of purchases during the year While we believe alternative suppliers may be available, our dependence on a small number of suppliers and the lack of any guaranteed sources for the essential components of our products and the components we resell exposes us to several risks, including the inability to obtain an adequate supply of these components, increases in their costs, delivery delays and poor quality. If we cannot obtain these components in the amounts needed on a timely basis and at commercially reasonable prices, we may not be able to develop or introduce new products, we may experience significant increases in our cost of sales if we are forced to procure components from alternative suppliers and are not able to negotiate favorable terms with these suppliers, we may experience interruptions or failures in the delivery of our products, or we may be forced to cease sales of products dependent on the components or resales of the components we resell to customers directly. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and Sole Member of the Board of Directors Netlist, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Netlist, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the sole member of the board of directors and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 Inventory Valuation Critical Audit Matter Description As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, inventories are valued at the lower of cost or the net realizable value. Management evaluates inventory balances for excess quantities and obsolescence on a regular basis by analyzing estimated demand, inventory on hand, sales levels and other information. Auditing management s assessment of net realizable value for inventory was challenging because the determination of lower of cost or net realizable value and excess and obsolete inventory reserves is judgmental and considers a number of factors that are affected by market and economic conditions, such as forecasted product demand, dynamic pricing environments, product life cycles and industry supply and demand. Additionally, for certain newer products there is limited historical data with which to evaluate forecasts. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit We tested the effectiveness of internal controls related to management s process for developing the estimates of the net realizable value of inventories and excess and obsolete inventory reserves, including evaluating management s assumptions of forecasted product demand and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the analyses. Evaluating management s product demand forecast for reasonableness involved considering historical sales by product, comparing prior period estimates to actual results of the same period, and considering macroeconomic trends within the industry that could impact the movement of the products provided by the Company. We performed procedures to compare recent sales transactions or market data to cost of inventories in order to assess that the carrying value of inventories was the lower of cost or net realizable value. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2005. February 28, 2023 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and Sole Member of the Board of Directors Netlist, Inc. Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Netlist, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, because of the material weakness, described below, on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, the Company has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively, the consolidated financial statements , and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weakness has been identified and included in management s assessment: The Company s sole member of the board of directors also serves in an executive management role at the Company. As a result, the Company has ineffective oversight of the financial reporting process due to the lack of an audit committee and the lack of an independent board of directors to ensure adequate monitoring and oversight of internal controls . The material weakness was considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the fiscal year 2022 consolidated financial statements, and this report does not affect our report on those consolidated financial statements. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ KMJ Corbin Company LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2005. Irvine, California February 28, 2023 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management conducted an evaluation, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, due to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting described below, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. In designing our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, our management recognizes that any control system, no matter how well-designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Further, the design of our controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations, our disclosure and internal controls may not prevent or detect all instances of fraud, misstatements or other control issues, and our evaluations of disclosure and internal controls cannot provide assurance that all such control issues have been detected. In addition, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of disclosure or internal controls to future periods are subject to risks, including, among others, that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Our management conducted an evaluation, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on this evaluation, due to the lack of an independent board and audit committee and ineffective oversight of the financial reporting process to ensure adequate monitoring and oversight of internal controls, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria set forth by COSO. Notwithstanding the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, we have concluded that the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with U.S. GAAP. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by KMJ Corbin Company LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included in Part II, Item 8, of this Form 10-K. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Remediation Initiatives In an effort to address the identified material weakness and enhance our internal controls related to our lack of an independent board and audit committee, we continue to maintain our financial reporting process we followed to prepare consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP for audit committee meetings on a quarterly and annual basis. We engage all departments groups to identify risks to the achievement of our goals as a basis for determining how the risks should be managed. Our CEO and sole director will oversee the process to ensure all required disclosures are made in our consolidated financial statements on a quarterly and annual basis. Item 9B. Other Information None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not Applicable 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 PART II I Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governanc e In order to proactively address the economic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, our Board of Directors (referred to as our Board or Board of Directors evaluated various cost-cutting measures, including review of the Board and committee structure, operations and compensation of the members thereof. As a result of its evaluation and because we are no longer subject to Nasdaq rules, the Board determined it to be in the best interests of its stockholders to reduce the number of directors serving on the Board to one director and to dissolve all committees of the Board effective immediately after our 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders on August 7, 2020. Each member of the Board is elected annually at a meeting of our stockholders and serves for a one-year term until the next annual meeting of our stockholders and until his or her successor is elected and qualified, or until an earlier resignation or removal. Each of our executive officers is appointed by, and serves at the direction of, our Board, subject to the terms of our employment agreement with our President and CEO, which is described under Employment Agreements in Item 11 of this Form 10-K, and which establishes, among other things, such executive officer s term of office. The table and narrative below provide, for our current director and executive officers, each such individual s name; age as of February 21, 2023; current position(s) with our Company; tenure in such position(s); information about such individual s business experience and qualifications, including principal occupation or employment and principal business of the employer, if any, for at least the past five years, and involvement in certain legal or administrative proceedings, if any; and, for our director, other public company director positions held currently or at any time in the last five years and the experiences, qualifications, attributes and skills that led to the conclusion that such individual should serve as a director of our Company. There is no arrangement or understanding between any director or executive officer and any other person(s) pursuant to which such director or executive officer was or is to be selected as a director or executive officer of our Company, and there are no family relationships between any of our directors or executive officers. 

Name Age Position(s) Chun K. Hong 62 President, Chief Executive Officer and Sole Director Gail Sasaki 66 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary Chun K. Hong is one of the founders of Netlist and has been our President and CEO and a director since our inception in June 2000. Mr. Hong assumed the title of Chairman of the Board of Directors in January 2004 and became a sole member of the Board of Directors in August 2020. Prior to his tenure at Netlist, Mr. Hong has served in various other executive positions including President and Chief Operating Officer of Infinilink Corporation, a DSL equipment company, as Executive Vice President of Viking Components, Inc., a memory subsystems manufacturing company, and as General Manager of Sales at LG Semicon Co., Ltd., a public semiconductor manufacturing company in South Korea. Mr. Hong received his Bachelor of Science degree in economics from Virginia Commonwealth University and his Master of Science degree in technology management from Pepperdine University s Graduate School of Management. As one of our founders and as our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Hong brings to the Board extensive knowledge of our organization and our market. Gail Sasaki is our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer CFO ). Ms. Sasaki has been our Secretary since August 2007. Ms. Sasaki joined us in 2006 as Vice President of Finance and subsequently assumed the role of CFO in January 2008. Prior to her tenure at Netlist, Ms. Sasaki served in various senior financial roles, including CFO of eMaiMai, Inc., a commercial technology company based in Hong Kong and mainland China; CFO, Senior Vice President of Finance, Secretary and Treasurer of eMotion, Inc. (a Kodak subsidiary and formerly Cinebase Software), a developer of business-to-business media management software and services, and CFO of MicroNet Technology, Inc., a leader in storage technology. Ms. Sasaki also spent seven years in public accounting leaving as an audit manager with Arthur Young (now known as Ernst Young LLP). Ms. Sasaki earned a Bachelor s degree from the University of California at Los Angeles, and also earned a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Southern California. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Our Board has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, as well as all of our other executive officers and employees and all of our directors. Shareholders may download a free copy of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics from our website (www.netlist.com). We intend to disclose on our website any amendments to or waivers from this code by posting the relevant material on our website (www.netlist.com) in accordance with SEC rules. Item 11. Executive Compensatio n Compensation Discussion and Analysis The following discussion and analysis of compensation arrangements of our named executive officers for 2022 should be read together with the compensation tables and related disclosures set forth below. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on our current considerations, expectations and determinations regarding future compensation programs. The actual amount and form of compensation and the compensation programs that we adopt may differ materially from current or planned programs as summarized in this discussion . The following discussion and analysis relates to the compensation arrangements for 2022 of (i) our principal executive officer, (ii) our principal financial officer and (iii) the most highly compensated person, other than our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, who was serving as an executive officer at the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (our named executive officers ). We had no other executive officers serving at the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Our named executive officers for fiscal year 2022 were: 

Name Age Position(s) Chun K. Hong 62 President, Chief Executive Officer and Sole Director Gail Sasaki 66 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary Compensation Philosophy Our compensation programs are intended to attract and retain employees with skills necessary to enable us to achieve our financial and strategic objectives and to motivate them through the use of appropriate incentives tied to our performance and market value to achieve those objectives. We recognize that the goals of employee attraction, retention and motivation must be balanced against the necessity of controlling compensation expense, with the ultimate objective of building shareholder value. With respect to the compensation of our named executive officers, our President, CEO and Sole Director, who has the responsibility to design a compensation program and set levels of compensation that attempt to achieve the optimal balance between employee attraction, retention and motivation, adjusted the executive officers compensation for 2022. Key Factors in Determining Executive Compensation Role of Compensation Consultants Our sole Director has from time to time engaged the services of outside consultants to assist in making decisions regarding the establishment of Netlist s compensation philosophy and programs. Role of Executive Officers in Compensation Decisions Our sole Director has overall responsibility for the compensation of our CEO and CFO. Our sole Director considered the executive officers responsibilities, performance, compensation, and the compensation program s ability to attract, retain and motivate executive talent. These considerations reflected compensation levels that our sole Director 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 believed were qualitatively commensurate with executive officers individual qualifications, experience, responsibility level, functional role, knowledge, skills and individual performance, as well as Netlist s performance. Role of Stockholder Say-on-Pay Votes At each annual meeting held every three years, including most recently in 2022, we held triennial stockholder advisory say-on-pay votes on the compensation of our named executive officers for the immediately preceding fiscal years. At the 2022 annual meeting, our stockholders overwhelmingly approved the compensation of our named executive officers, with over 85 of our stockholders present and entitled to vote at the meeting voting in favor of our compensation policies for our named executive officers. Given this result, and following consideration of them, the former Compensation Committee had decided to retain our overall approach to executive compensation while continuing to evaluate our practices frequently, including in response to future say-on-pay votes. Moreover, we are required to hold a vote at least every six years regarding how often to hold a stockholder advisory vote on the compensation of our named executive officers. We held our most recent such vote at the 2022 annual meeting of stockholders, at which our stockholders indicated a preference for a triennial vote. Consequently, the Board determined that we will hold a triennial stockholder advisory vote on the compensation of our named executive officers until they consider the results of our next say-on-pay frequency vote, which will be held at the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders. Current Elements of Named Executive Officer Compensation Overview and Fiscal Year 2022 Highlights Our current executive compensation program generally consists of base salary, annual cash incentive compensation, equity-based incentives and other benefits. We combine these elements in order to formulate compensation packages that provide competitive pay and align the interests of our named executive officers with long-term stockholder interests by rewarding the achievement of financial, operational and strategic objectives. In 2022, our full-year accomplishments under our executive leadership included the following: Total net product sales of 161.6 million, representing an increase of 59.3 million compared to the prior year; and Total product gross profit of 11.9 million, representing an increase of 3.0 million compared to the prior year. Base Salary The following table sets forth information regarding the annualized base salary rates at the end of 2022 for our named executive officers: 

Name Fiscal Year 2022 Base Salary ) Chun K. Hong 450,000 Gail Sasaki 275,000 Equity-Based Incentives Our equity award program is the primary vehicle for offering long-term incentives to our named executive officers. Our equity-based incentives have historically been granted in the form of options to purchase shares of our common stock and restricted stock unit awards that are settled in shares of our common stock upon vesting, and we have granted to both our named executive officers awards that vest over a long-term period subject to continued service. We believe that equity awards more closely align the interests of our named executive officers with our stockholders, provide our named executive officers with incentives linked to long-term performance, and create an ownership culture. In addition, the vesting features of our equity awards contribute to executive retention because these features provide an incentive to our named executive officers to remain in our employment during the scheduled vesting periods or until the achievement of the applicable performance milestones, which are expected to be achieved over the medium- to long-term. To date, we have not had an established set of criteria for granting equity awards; instead, the Board or our sole Director exercises judgment and discretion. The sole Director considers, among other things, the role and responsibility 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 of the named executive officer, competitive factors, the amount of stock-based equity compensation already held by the named executive officer, and the cash-based compensation received by the named executive officer, to determine the level and types of equity awards that it approves. Bonus Our bonuses are discretionary with substantial weight given to financial performance during the year and the enhancement of long-term stockholder value. Perquisites Generally, we do not provide any perquisites or other personal benefits to our named executive officers except in certain limited circumstances and as provided in employment agreements. Health and Welfare Benefits We provide the following benefits to our named executive officers on the same basis provided to all of our employees: medical insurance including mental health, dental and vision; life insurance and accidental death and dismemberment insurance; a Section 401(k) plan for which discretionary matching contributions provided by Netlist; short-and long-term disability insurance; medical and dependent care flexible spending account; and a health savings account. Employment Agreements CEO In September 2006, we entered into an employment agreement with our President and CEO, Mr. Hong. This agreement provides for a base salary plus other specified benefits, including the reimbursement of professional fees and expenses incurred in connection with income and estate tax planning and preparation, income tax audits and the defense of income tax claims; the reimbursement of membership fees and expenses for professional organizations and one country club; the reimbursement of employment-related legal fees; automobile rental payments and other vehicle-related expenses; and the reimbursement of health club membership fees and other similar health-related expenses. Mr. Hong may earn annual cash performance bonuses, at the discretion of our Board, of up to 100 of his base salary based upon the achievement of individual and Company performance objectives. Mr. Hong s employment agreement automatically renews for additional one-year periods unless we provide or Mr. Hong provides notice of termination six months prior to the renewal date, but at all times Mr. Hong may terminate his employment upon six months advance written notice to us and we may terminate Mr. Hong s employment upon 30 days advance written notice to Mr. Hong. If we terminate Mr. Hong s employment without cause or if he resigns from his employment for good reason, which includes a termination or resignation upon a change of control of our Company, Mr. Hong would be entitled to receive continued payments of his base salary for one year, reimbursement of medical insurance premiums during that period unless he becomes employed elsewhere, a pro-rated portion of his annual performance bonus, and, if any severance payment is deemed to be an excess parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, an amount equal to any excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code. In addition, upon any such termination or resignation, any unvested stock options held by Mr. Hong would immediately become fully vested and exercisable as of the effective date of the termination or resignation. If Mr. Hong s employment is terminated due to death or disability, he or his estate would receive a lump-sum payment equal to half of his annual base salary and any stock options held by Mr. Hong would vest to the same extent as they would have vested one year thereafter. Additionally, if Mr. Hong s employment is terminated due to death or disability, 25 of the shares subject to outstanding stock options, or such lesser amount as is then unvested, would immediately vest and become exercisable. If Mr. Hong resigns without good reason or is terminated for cause, we would have no further obligation to him other than to pay his base salary or other amounts earned by him through the date of resignation or termination. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 For purposes of Mr. Hong s employment agreement: cause means a reasonable determination by the Board, acting in good faith based upon actual knowledge at the time, that Mr. Hong has (i) materially breached the terms of his employment agreement, or any other material agreement between us and Mr. Hong, including an arbitration agreement and a proprietary information and invention assignment agreement, (ii) committed gross negligence or engaged in serious misconduct in the execution of his assigned duties, (iii) been convicted of a felony or other serious crime involving moral turpitude, (iv) materially refused to perform any lawful duty or responsibility consistent with Mr. Hong s position with our Company, or (v) materially breached his fiduciary duty or his duty of loyalty to our Company; good reason means (i) the assignment to Mr. Hong, without his consent, of duties inconsistent with his position so as to constitute a diminution of status with our Company, including an assignment of Mr. Hong to a position other than President and CEO of our Company, (ii) our reduction of Mr. Hong s base salary as in effect at any time without Mr. Hong s consent, other than a decrease of up to (and including) 10 in connection with an adverse change in the business operations or financial condition of our Company, (iii) the occurrence of a change of control, or (iv) a requirement that Mr. Hong relocate (or report on a regular basis) to an office outside of Orange County without his consent; and a change of control means the occurrence of any of the following: (i) any person or entity is or becomes the beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of our Company representing a percentage of the combined voting power of our then-outstanding securities that is greater than 50 , (ii) the following individuals cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the number of directors then serving: individuals who, on the date of Mr. Hong s employment agreement, constituted our Board and any new director (other than a director whose initial assumption of office is in connection with an actual or threatened election contest, including but not limited to a consent solicitation, relating to the election of directors of our Company) whose appointment or election by the Board or nomination for election by our stockholders is approved or recommended by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors on the date of Mr. Hong s employment agreement or whose appointment, election or nomination for election was previously so approved or recommended; (iii) there is consummated a merger or consolidation of our Company in which our Company does not survive or our Company survives but the shares of our common stock outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation represent 50 or less of the voting power of our Company after such merger or consolidation; or (iv) our stockholders approve a plan of our complete liquidation or dissolution or there is consummated an agreement for our sale or disposition of all or substantially all of our assets, other than a sale or disposition of all or substantially all of our assets to an entity, at least 50 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are owned by our stockholders in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of our Company immediately prior to such sale. We have not entered into an employment agreement with Ms. Sasaki, our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. For 2022, 2021 and 2020, Ms. Sasaki received an annualized base salary of 275,000, 275,000 and 285,577, respectively. If the employment of Ms. Sasaki is terminated due to death or disability, any stock options held by Ms. Sasaki would vest to the same extent as they would have vested one year thereafter. Additionally, if the employment of Ms. Sasaki is terminated due to death or disability, 25 of the shares subject to outstanding stock options, or such lesser amount as is then unvested, would immediately vest and no additional shares would vest thereafter. Ms. Sasaki is eligible for a target cash bonus of 75 of her base salary, which are to be determined by our Board in its discretion based on various factors. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 Summary Compensation Table The table below provides information about the compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to each of the following individuals, which we refer to collectively as our named executive officers, for each of the last three fiscal years. Name and Principal Position Year Base Salary( Bonus( Stock Awards( )(1) Option Awards( )(2) All Other Compensation( )(3) Total( Chun K. Hong(4) 2022 450,000 2,696,000 58,888 3,204,888 President, Chief Executive Officer and Sole Director 2021 450,000 665,000 627,060 58,215 1,800,275 2020 467,308 180,000 94,290 62,092 803,690 Gail Sasaki 2022 275,000 674,000 855 949,855 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 2021 275,000 205,000 72,400 22,007 574,407 2020 285,577 103,125 23,573 22,254 434,529 
 (1) Represents the grant date fair value of the RSUs granted during the year calculated in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). The grant date fair value was determined using the fair value of the underlying shares of our common stock. (2) Represents the grant date fair value of the option awards granted during the year calculated in accordance with ASC 718. The assumptions used in the calculations for these amounts are described in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Stock-Based Compensation and Note 9 Benefit Plans to our consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. The material terms of each stock option award granted in 2022 are described below under Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End. (3) For 2022, the amount consists of (a) for Mr. Hong, 11,860 for automobile rental payments, 2,414 for other vehicle-related costs, 35,083 for a country club membership, 826 for a health club membership, and 8,705 for income tax and estate planning costs incurred on Mr. Hong s behalf and (b) for Ms. Sasaki, the amount is for a health club membership. For 2021, the amount consists of (a) for Mr. Hong, 10,816 for automobile rental payments, 7,527 for other vehicle-related costs, 26,027 for a country club membership, 5,480 for a health club membership, and 8,365 for income tax and estate planning costs incurred on Mr. Hong s behalf and (b) for Ms. Sasaki, the amount is for a health club membership. For 2020, the amount consists of (a) for Mr. Hong, 10,936 for automobile rental payments, 7,509 for other vehicle-related costs, 24,600 for a country club membership, 14,769 for a health club membership, and 4,278 for income tax and estate planning costs incurred on Mr. Hong s behalf, and (b) for Ms. Sasaki, the amount is for weekly fitness training. (4) Mr. Hong received no additional compensation for his service as a director. CEO Pay Ratio 2022 We compared the 2022 annual total compensation of our CEO of 3,204,888 and the 2022 annual total compensation of our median global compensated employee of 77,099. The result of this calculation was a CEO Pay Ratio of 42 to 1. We determined the median global compensated employee s total compensation by using the same methodology used to calculate our CEO s annual total compensation (see the table entitled Summary Compensation Table ). We then applied this measure to our global employee population as of December 31, 2022 (the last day of our 2022 fiscal year). For the calculation, approximately 56 of the global employee population was based in the United States and 44 was based in our Suzhou, China factory. Retirement Benefits We maintain a savings plan that qualifies as a defined contribution plan under Section 401(k) of the Code, to which all of our employees, including our named executive officers, are able to contribute up to the limit prescribed by applicable tax rules on a before-tax basis. All of these employee contributions are fully vested upon contribution. In addition, we may make matching contributions on the contributions of our employees on a discretionary basis. In 2022 and 2021, we made matching contributions of 135,411 and 105,161, respectively. In 2020, we did not make matching contributions. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 2022 The following table shows information regarding the incentive awards granted to the named executive officers for 2022: 

All other stock awards: number of shares of stock or units (#) All other option awards: number of securities underlying options (#) Exercise or base price of option awards /sh) Grant date fair value of stock and option awards Estimated future payouts under non-equity incentive plan awards(1) Name Award Type Grant Date Threshold ) Target ) Maximum ) Chun K. Hong Cash Incentive 450,000 Time-Based RSUs(2) 1/25/2022 800,000 2,696,000 Gail Sasaki Cash Incentive 206,250 Time-Based RSUs(2) 1/25/2022 200,000 674,000 (1) The amounts shown in these columns represent the threshold, target, and maximum payout levels. The actual bonus amount paid to each named executive officer is reported under the Bonus column of the Summary Compensation Table. The material terms of each stock option award granted in 2022 are described below under Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End. (2) The material terms of each RSU award granted in 2022 are described below under Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End. Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End The following table shows information about the equity awards held by our named executive officers as of December 31, 2022: Option Awards Stock Awards Name Grant Date Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable(#)(1) Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable(#)(1) Option Exercise Price( Option Expiration Date Number of Shares That Have Not Vested(#)(2) Market Value of Shares That Have Not Vested( )(2) Chun K. Hong 2/11/2013 300,000 0.71 2/11/2023 2/21/2014 300,000 2.05 2/21/2024 1/6/2015 300,000 0.84 1/6/2025 1/18/2016 300,000 0.70 1/18/2026 2/14/2017 300,000 1.02 2/14/2027 1/13/2021 437,500 562,500 0.72 1/13/2031 3/7/2019 92,812 106,734 3/6/2020 112,500 129,375 1/25/2022 700,000 805,000 Gail Sasaki 3/18/2019 51,468 59,188 3/6/2020 28,125 32,344 1/13/2021 62,500 71,875 1/25/2022 175,000 201,250 (1) Represents stock option awards granted under the Netlist, Inc. Amended 2006 Plan. These stock option awards that are not fully exercisable vest in 16 equal quarterly installments, subject to continued service on each vesting date, subject to accelerated vesting in certain circumstances as described under Employment Agreements above. (2) Represents RSUs granted under the Equity Plan. Restrictions on RSUs lapse in eight equal semi-annual installments from the grant date. 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 2022 Option Exercised and Stock Vested The following table show information regarding the vesting during 2022 of stock options and RSUs previously granted to the named executive offers. 

Option Awards 

Stock Awards 

Name Number of Shares Acquired on Exercise(#) Value Realized on Exercise( )(1) Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting(#) Value Realized on Vesting( )(2) Chun K. Hong 360,624 1,290,681 Gail Sasaki 171,687 664,116 (1) Reflects the product of the number of shares of stock subject to the exercised option multiplied by the difference between the market price of our common stock at the time of exercise on the exercise date and the exercise price of the option (2) Reflects the product of the number of shares of stock vested multiplied by the market price of our common stock on the vesting date Employee Compensation Risks Our management oversees management of risks relating to our compensation plans and programs and has assessed the risks associated with our compensation policies and practices for all employees, including non-executive officers. These include risks relating to setting ambitious targets for our employees compensation or the vesting of their equity awards and our emphasis on equity-based compensation, and the potential impact of such practices on the retention or decision-making of our employees, particularly our senior management. Based on the results of this assessment, we do not believe that our compensation policies and practices for all employees, including non-executive officers, create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matter s Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management The table below sets forth information regarding the ownership of our common stock, as of February 21, 2023 (the Table Date unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the table, by (i) all persons known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of our common stock, (ii) each of our current directors, (iii) each of our named executive officers, and (iv) all of our directors and executive officers as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, each person named below possesses sole voting and investment power over all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by such person. Unless otherwise indicated, the address for each person named below is c/o Netlist, Inc., 111 Academy, Suite 100, Irvine, CA 92617. 

Name of Beneficial Owner Shares Beneficially Owned Percent of Class(1) Chun K. Hong (2) 7,625,827 3.2 Gail Sasaki (3) 217,345 All executive officers and directors as a group (2 persons) (4) 7,843,172 3.3 Represents beneficial ownership of less than 1 . 
 (1) All ownership percentages are based on 235,523,847 shares of our common stock outstanding as of the Table Date. (2) Represents (i) 1,992,812 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options that are or will be vested and exercisable within 60 days after the Table Date and (ii) 5,633,015 outstanding shares of common stock, of which 4,611,177 shares are held by Mr. Hong and his wife, Won K. Cha, as co-trustees of the Hong-Cha Community Property Trust. Mr. Hong and Ms. Cha possess shared voting and investment power over the shares of common stock held by the Hong-Cha 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 Community Property Trust, and each disclaims beneficial ownership of such shares except to the extent of his or her pecuniary interest therein. (3) Represents 85,843 shares of common stock from restricted stock that will vest within 60 days after the Table date and 131,502 shares of common stock outstanding. (4) Represents (i) 2,078,655 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options and restricted stock units that are or will be vested and exercisable within 60 days after the Table Date and (ii) 5,764,517 outstanding shares of common stock. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans The following table provides information as of December 31, 2022 about compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance: 

Equity Compensation Plan Information Plan Category (a) Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights( )(1) (c) Number of securities remaining available for future equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 7,523,367 (2) 0.93 240,982 (3) Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 784,833 (4) 4.71 Total 8,308,200 1.28 240,982 
 (1) The weighted-average exercise price is calculated based solely on the exercise prices of the outstanding options and do not reflect the shares that will be issued upon the vesting of outstanding awards of RSUs, which have no exercise price. (2) This number includes the following outstanding awards granted under the Equity Plan: 4,866,239 shares subject to outstanding stock options and 2,657,128 shares subject to outstanding RSUs. (3) Subject to certain adjustments, as of December 31, 2022, we were authorized to issue a maximum of 17,405,566 shares of our common stock pursuant to awards granted under the Equity Plan. (4) Consists of 784,833 RSUs outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independenc e Related Party Transactions Related party transactions are reviewed by our sole Director in accordance with our related party transaction policy. Related parties include our directors and officers, their family members and affiliates, and certain beneficial owners. In cases where the related party is a director or an affiliate of a director, that director does not participate in the review of the proposed transaction. Except as described below and except for employment arrangements, which are described in Item 11 above, during 2022, there were no actual or proposed related party transactions in excess of 120,000 other than the following:. Our Executive Vice President of Sales and Operations (formerly, our Vice President of Netlist Base and Commodity Sales), Paik K. Hong, is the brother of Chun K. Hong, our President, CEO and Sole Director. For 2022, Mr. P. K. Hong earned cash salary of 182,500, received 34,067 for weekly fitness training, and was granted 200,000 shares of restricted stock units with the grant-date fair value of 674,000 measured in accordance with ASC 718. The grant-date fair value was determined using the fair value of the underlying shares of our common stock. For 2021, Mr. P. K. Hong earned cash salary of 250,000 and cash bonus of 175,000 and received 19,098 for weekly fitness training. We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our director and executive officers. In general, these agreements require us to indemnify each such individual to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their service for us, and to advance expenses incurred as a result of any such proceeding as to which any such individual could be indemnified. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 Director Independence Due to the dissolution of all committees of the Board and reduction of the number of directors to one director, our President and CEO, Mr. Hong, in August 2020, we currently do not have an independent director. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Service s Fees Paid to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The following table presents the aggregate fees billed to us by our independent registered public accounting firm, KMJ Corbin Company LLP KMJ ), for 2022 and 2021: 

2022( 2021( Audit Fees (1) 218,750 202,650 Audit-Related Fees (2) Tax Fees (2) All Other Fees (2) Total Fees 218,750 202,650 (1) Audit fees consist of fees billed to us for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements, the review of our interim condensed consolidated financial statements included in our quarterly reports and the audit of our internal control over financial reporting as required by Section 404 of SOX. These fees also include fees billed to us for professional services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements, including the review of our registration statements on Form S-3 and Form S-8 and certain other related matters, such as the delivery of comfort letters and consents in connection with these registration statements. (2) KMJ did not bill to us any audit-related fees, tax fees or other fees in 2022 or 2021. Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures Our Sole Director pre-approves all audit and permissible non-audit services to be performed for us by our independent registered public accounting firm, except for certain de minimus non-audit services that may be ratified by Sole Director. Our Sole Director pre-approved all services performed by KMJ in 2022. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule s (a) Documents filed as part of this report (1) All financial statements 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Page Consolidated Balance Sheets 47 Consolidated Statements of Operations 48 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit 49 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 50 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 51 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 75 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 91 (2) Financial statement schedules Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts (in thousands) 

AR Allowance and Sales Returns Reserve Balance at Beginning of Year Charged to Expense Write-offs Balance at End of Year January 2, 2021 61 (541) 637 157 January 1, 2022 157 (104) 230 283 December 31, 2022 283 (146) 137 All other financial statement schedules have been omitted, as they are not required, not applicable, or the required information is otherwise included. (3) Exhibit listing 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Description Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Netlist, Inc. 10-Q 001-33170 3.1 August 15, 2017 3.1.1 Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Netlist, Inc. 10-Q 001-33170 3.1.1 August 15, 2017 3.1.2 Certificate of Amendment of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Netlist, Inc. 8-K 001-33170 3.1 August 17, 2018 3.1.3 Certificate of Designation of the Series A Preferred Stock of Netlist, Inc. 10-Q 001-33170 3.1.2 August 15, 2017 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Netlist, Inc. 8-K 001-33170 3.1 December 20, 2012 3.2.1 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Bylaws of Netlist, Inc. 8-K 001-33170 3.1 December 29, 2017 4.1 Description of the Registrant s Securities 10-K 001-33170 4.1 March 10, 2020 4.2 Rights Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2017, by and between Netlist, Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., As Rights Agent 8-K 001-33170 4.1 April 17, 2017 
 91 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Description Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 4.3 Amendment No. 1 to Rights Agreement, dated as of April 16, 2018, by and between Netlist, Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., As Rights Agent 8-K 001-33170 4.1 April 17, 2018 4.4 Amendment No. 2 to Rights Agreement, dated as of April 16, 2019, by and between Netlist, Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., As Rights Agent 8-K 001-33170 4.1 April 17, 2019 4.5 Amendment No. 3 to Rights Agreement, dated as of August 14, 2020, by and between Netlist, Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, As Rights Agent 8-K 001-33170 4.1 August 14, 2020 4.6 Form of Warrant Agreement to Purchase Common Stock issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated September 12, 2018 8-K 001-33170 4.1 September 14, 2018 10.1# Form of Indemnity Agreement for officers and directors S-1 333-136735 10.12 August 18, 2006 10.2# Employment Agreement, dated September 5, 2006, between Netlist, Inc. and Chun K. Hong S-1 333-136735 10.13 September 27, 2006 10.3# Amended and Restated 2006 Equity Incentive Plan of Netlist, Inc. 10-K 001-33170 10.3 March 22, 2019 10.4# Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement issued pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2006 Equity Incentive Plan of Netlist, Inc. 10-Q 001-33170 10.2 May 17, 2010 10.5# Form of Incentive Stock Option Award Agreement issued pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2006 Equity Incentive Plan of Netlist, Inc. 10-K 001-33170 10.6 March 31, 2017 10.6 Loan and Security Agreement, dated October 31, 2009, between Silicon Valley Bank and Netlist, Inc. 8-K 001-33170 10.1 November 2, 2009 10.7 Intercompany Subordination Agreement, dated October 31, 2009, among Silicon Valley Bank, Netlist, Inc., and Netlist Technology Texas, L.P. 8-K 001-33170 10.2 November 2, 2009 10.8 Guarantor Security Agreement, dated October 31, 2009, between Silicon Valley Bank and Netlist Technology Texas LP 8-K 001-33170 10.3 November 2, 2009 10.9 Intellectual Property Security Agreement, dated October 31, 2009, between Silicon Valley Bank and Netlist, Inc. 8-K 001-33170 10.4 November 2, 2009 10.10 Amendment to Loan Documents, dated March 24, 2010, between Silicon Valley Bank and Netlist, Inc. 10-Q 001-33170 10.1 May 7, 2010 10.11 Amendment to Loan Documents, dated June 30, 2010, between Silicon Valley Bank and Netlist, Inc. 10-Q 001-33170 10.2 August 12, 2010 
 92 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Description Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.12 Amendment to Loan Documents, dated September 30, 2010, between Silicon Valley Bank and Netlist, Inc. 10-Q 001-33170 10.1 November 16, 2010 10.13 Amendment to Loan Documents, dated May 11, 2011, between Silicon Valley Bank and Netlist, Inc. 10-Q 001-33170 10.1 May 12, 2011 10.14 Amendment to Loan Documents, dated August 10, 2011, between Silicon Valley Bank and Netlist, Inc. 10-Q 001-33170 10.1 August 15, 2011 10.15 Amendment to Loan Documents, dated May 14, 2012, between Silicon Valley Bank and Netlist, Inc. 10-Q 001-33170 10.1 May 15, 2012 10.16 Forbearance to Loan and Security Agreement, dated March 27, 2013, between Netlist, Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank 10-K 001-33170 10.32 March 29, 2013 10.17 Amendment to Loan Documents, dated July 17, 2013, between Netlist, Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank 10-Q 001-33170 10.6 November 12, 2013 10.18 Amendment to Loan Documents, dated September 30, 2014, between Netlist, Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank 10-K 001-33170 10.24 March 27, 2015 10.19 Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated November 18, 2015, between Netlist, Inc. and SVIC No. 28 New Technology Business Investment LLP 8-K 001-33170 10.1 November 19, 2015 10.20 Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 18, 2015, between Netlist, Inc. and SVIC No. 28 New Technology Business Investment LLP 8-K 001-33170 10.2 November 19, 2015 10.21 Amendment to Loan Documents, dated January 29, 2016, between Netlist, Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank 8-K 001-33170 10.1 February 1, 2016 10.22 Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated March 27, 2017, between Netlist, Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank 8-K 001-33170 10.1 March 29, 2017 10.23 Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated April 12, 2017, by and between Netlist, Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank 10-Q 001-33170 10.1 August 15, 2017 10.24 Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated March 20, 2018, by and between Netlist, Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank 8-K 001-33170 10.1 March 26, 2018 10.25 Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated March 21, 2019, by and between Netlist, Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank 10-K 001-33170 10.25 March 22, 2019 
 93 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Description Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.26 Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated February 27, 2020, by and between Netlist, Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank 10-K 001-33170 10.26 March 10, 2020 10.27 Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated April 9, 2021, by and between Netlist, Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank 10-Q 001-33170 10.1 May 18, 2021 10.28 Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated April 29, 2022, by and between Netlist, Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank 10-Q 001-33170 10.1 May 9, 2022 10.29 Purchase Agreement, dated June 24, 2019, by and between Netlist, Inc. and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC 8-K 001-33170 1.1 June 24, 2019 10.30 Purchase Agreement, dated March 5, 2020, by and between Netlist, Inc. and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC 10-K 001-33170 10.37 March 10, 2020 10.31 Purchase Agreement dated July 12, 2021, by and between Netlist, Inc. and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC 8-K 001-33170 1.1 July 12, 2021 10.32 Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 12, 2021, by and between Netlist, Inc. and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC 8-K 001-33170 1.2 July 12, 2021 10.33 Purchase Agreement, dated September 28, 2021, by and between Netlist, Inc. and Lincoln Park Capital, LLC 8-K 001-33170 1.1 September 28, 2021 10.34 Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 28, 2021, by and between Netlist, Inc. and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC. 8-K 001-33170 1.2 September 28, 2021 10.35 Lease, dated April 28, 2021, by and between Netlist, Inc. and University Research Park, LLC 8-K 001-33170 10.1 May 3, 2021 21.1 Subsidiaries of Netlist, Inc. 10-K 001-33170 21.1 March 1, 2022 23 Consent of KMJ Corbin Company LLP X 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer X 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer X 32+ Section 1350 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer X 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 
 94 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Description Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 104 The cover page from the Company s Annual X Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

 + Furnished herewith. # Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. Confidential treatment has been granted with respect to portions of this exhibit. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. None. 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURE S Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Date: February 28, 2023 

Netlist, Inc. By: /s/ Chun K. Hong Chun K. Hong President, Chief Executive Officer and Sole Director Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signature Title Date /s/ Chun K. Hong President, Chief Executive Officer and Sole Director Chun K. Hong (Principal Executive Officer) February 28, 2023 /s/ Gail Sasaki Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Gail Sasaki (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) February 28, 2023 
 96 

<EX-23>
 2
 nlst-20221231xex23.htm
 EX-23

EXHIBIT 23 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-139435, 333-146141, 333-151644, 333-161832, 333-161834, 333-164261, 333-165916, 333-168330, 333-173646, 333-179776, 333-193862, 333-211658, 333-221655, 333-224287, 333-228349, 333-230443, 333-237047, 333-254776, 333-263233, and 333-266679 on Form S-8 and in Registration Statement Nos. 333-164290, 333-177118, 333-199446, 333-227291, 333-228348, and 333-259838 on Form S-3 of our reports dated February 28, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Netlist, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule II, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which reports are included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Netlist, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our report dated February 28, 2023, on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, expresses our opinion that Netlist, Inc. and subsidiaries did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 because of the effect of a material weakness on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria and contains an explanatory paragraph that states the following material weakness has been identified: The Company s sole member of the board of directors also serves in an executive management role at the Company. As a result, the Company has ineffective oversight of the financial reporting process due to the lack of an audit committee and the lack of an independent board of directors to ensure adequate monitoring and oversight of internal controls . /s/ KMJ Corbin Company LLP Irvine, California February 28, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 nlst-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Chun K. Hong, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Netlist, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 28, 2023 /s/ Chun K. Hong Chun K. Hong President, Chief Executive Officer and Sole Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 nlst-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Gail Sasaki, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Netlist, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 28, 2023 /s/ Gail Sasaki Gail Sasaki Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 nlst-20221231xex32.htm
 EX-32

EXHIBIT 32 CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Netlist, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of such officer s knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 28, 2023 /s/ Chun K. Hong Chun K. Hong President, Chief Executive Officer and Sole Director Date: February 28, 2023 /s/ Gail Sasaki Gail Sasaki Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 nlst-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 nlst-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 nlst-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 nlst-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

