<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1463208_0001493152-23-010371.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13425451</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>524261</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1830510</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4927494</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2549654</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3245004</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010371.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331165727
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010371
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Transportation & Logistics Systems, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001463208
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TRANSPORTATION SERVICES [4700]
		IRS NUMBER:				263106763
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34970
		FILM NUMBER:		23788858

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5500 MILITARY TRAIL
		STREET 2:		SUITE 22-357
		CITY:			JUPITER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33458
		BUSINESS PHONE:		1.833.764.1443

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5500 MILITARY TRAIL
		STREET 2:		SUITE 22-357
		CITY:			JUPITER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33458

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PETROTERRA CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120215

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LORAN CONNECTION CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090430

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010371.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
one) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 

Commission
File No. 

(Exact
 name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction 
 
 (IRS Employer 
 
 of incorporation) 
 
 Identification No.) 

,

,

(Address of principal executive
 offices) 
 
 (zip code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

(Former name, former address
 and former fiscal year, if changed since last report.) 

Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common
Stock, 0.001 Par Value 

Indicate
by check mark if registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes . 

Indicate
by check mark if registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes . 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes: No: 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such files. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company
or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates based upon the closing price of 0.004 per share
of common stock as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter),
was . 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

As
of March 29, 2023, registrant had outstanding shares of common stock. 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. 

 FORM
10-K 

 December
31, 2022 

INDEX 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. Description of Business 
 1 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 7 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 20 

Item 2. Property 
 20 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 20 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 25 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 25 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 26 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 36 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 36 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 38 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 38 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 39 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 39 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 39 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 43 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 47 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 48 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 48 

Item 15. Exhibits Financial Statement Schedules 
 49 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 53 

Financial Statements pages 
 F-1 - F-39 

Signatures 
 54 

i 

For
purposes of this report, unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, all references herein to Transportation
and Logistics Systems, Inc. , the Company , we , us , TLSS and our ,
refer to Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc., a Nevada corporation and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Shyp FX, Inc. Shyp
FX ), Cougar Express, Inc. Cougar Express ), TLSS Acquisition, Inc. TLSSA ), Shyp CX, Inc. Shyp
CX ), TLSS-FC, Inc. TLSS-FC ), TLSS-STI, Inc. TLSS-STI ). JFK Cartage, Inc. JFK Cartage and Freight Connections, Inc. Freight Connections and its deconsolidated former subsidiaries, Prime EFS, LLC Prime
EFS and Shypdirect, LLC Shypdirect whose results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 are included
in the results of the Company prior to the September 7, 2021 filing of executed Deeds of Assignment for the Benefit of Creditors with
the State of New Jersey. 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

Statements
made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements
and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual future events or results to differ materially from such statements.
Any such forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, financial guidance, are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include all statements that do not directly or exclusively
relate to historical facts. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, 
 should, could, would, expects, plans, anticipates, 
 intend, plan, goal, seek, strategy, future, likely, 
 believes, estimates, projects, forecasts, predicts, potential, 
or the negative of those terms, and similar expressions and comparable terminology. These include, but are not limited to, statements
relating to future events or our future financial and operating results, plans, objectives, expectations, and intentions. Although we
believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, these expectations may not be achieved. Forward-looking
statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they represent our intentions, plans, expectations,
assumptions, and beliefs about future events and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors outside of
our control that could cause our actual results, performance or achievement to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these
forward-looking statements. In addition to the risks described above and the risks set forth in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors 
in this Annual Report, these risks and uncertainties include: our ability to successfully execute our business strategies, including
integration of acquisitions and the future acquisition of other businesses to grow our company; customers cancellation on short
notice of master service agreements from which we derive a significant portion of our revenue or our failure to renew such master service
agreements on favorable terms or at all; our ability to attract and retain key personnel and skilled labor to meet the requirements of
our labor-intensive business or labor difficulties which could have an effect on our ability to bid for and successfully complete contracts;
the ultimate geographic spread, duration and severity of the coronavirus outbreak and the effectiveness of actions taken, or actions
that may be taken, by governmental authorities to contain the outbreak or ameliorate its effects; our failure to compete effectively
in our highly competitive industry could reduce the number of new contracts awarded to us or adversely affect our market share and harm
our financial performance; our ability to adopt and master new technologies and adjust certain fixed costs and expenses to adapt to our
industry s and customers evolving demands; our history of losses, deficiency in working capital and a stockholders 
deficit and inability to achieve sustained profitability; our need to procure substantial additional financing to fund ongoing losses
and the growth of our business; adverse or unanticipated events in the litigation to which we are currently a party (or as to which we
may become a party in the future); adverse or unanticipated decisions by insurance companies and/or by courts construing third-party
liability insurance policies to which the Company and/or its subsidiaries is a party; a failure to obtain adequate liability insurance
coverage in the future; material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and our ability to maintain effective controls
over financial reporting in the future; financial condition and results of operations and our ability to meet our payment obligations;
the impact of new or changed laws, regulations or other industry standards that could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business;
and changes in general market, economic and political conditions in the United States and global economies or financial markets, including
those resulting from natural or man-made disasters. 

These
forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this Annual Report and, except as required
by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise after the date of this letter. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements and should consider various factors, including the risks described herein, and, among other places, in our Annual Report on
Form 10-K, as well as any amendments hereto or thereto, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

ii 

PART
I 

Item
1. Description of Business. 

Overview 

Transportation
and Logistics Systems, Inc. TLSS or the Company is a publicly-traded holding company. Its active wholly-owned
operating subsidiaries, Cougar Express, Freight Connections, JFK Cartage, and Severance Trucking Co., Inc. (acquired in 2023, along with
Severance Warehousing, Inc. and McGrath Leasing, Inc., together Severance Trucking), together provide a full suite of logistics and transportation
services, specializing in ecommerce fulfillment, last
mile deliveries, two-person home delivery, mid-mile, and long-haul services. Such entities operate several warehouse locations located
in New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and Massachusetts. Inactive subsidiaries include: TLSSA, Shyp CX, Shyp FX, TLSS-FC, TLSS-STI. 

We
are primarily an asset-based point-to-point delivery company. An asset-based delivery company, as compared to a non-asset-based
delivery company, owns its own transportation equipment and employs its own drivers. As of December 31, 2022, through our active
subsidiaries, we owned approximately 32 vehicles consisting of trucks, box trucks and vans, 14 trailers, and 15 forklifts, while
employing approximately 23 drivers. 

In
addition, our operations utilize the services of independent contractors, who generally use their own vehicles, on an as needed basis. 

Since
exiting the Amazon business (see below), we have pursued a growth by acquisitions strategy as set forth below and, as such, continue
to pursue potential acquisition opportunities. 

On
November 13, 2020, we formed a wholly-owned subsidiary, Shyp FX, under the laws of the State of New Jersey. On January 15, 2021, through
Shyp FX, we simultaneously executed an asset purchase agreement and closed a transaction to acquire substantially all the assets and
certain liabilities of Double D Trucking, Inc., a northern New Jersey-based logistics provider specializing in servicing Federal Express
over the past 25 years DDTI ). On June 21, 2022, we sold substantially all the assets of Shyp FX in an all-cash transaction.
See details below under Acquisitions . 

On
November 16, 2020, we formed a wholly owned subsidiary, TLSSA, a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware. On March
24, 2021, TLSSA, acquired all the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Cougar Express, a New York-based full-service logistics
provider specializing in pickup, warehousing, and delivery services in the New York City tri-state area. See details below under Acquisitions . 

On
February 21, 2021, we formed a wholly owned subsidiary, Shyp CX, a company incorporated under the laws of the State of New York. Shyp
CX does not engage in any revenue-generating operations and is currently inactive. 

On
August 4, 2022, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Cougar Express, closed on its acquisition of all outstanding stock of JFK Cartage., a New
York-based full-service logistics provider specializing in pickup, warehousing and delivery services in the tri-state area. See details
below under Acquisitions . 

Effective
September 16, 2022, our newly formed wholly-owned subsidiary, TLSS-FC, closed on an acquisition of all outstanding stock of Freight Connections,
a New Jersey-based company offering an array of transportation, warehousing, consolidating, distribution, and local cartage services
throughout the New York tri-state area. See details below under Acquisitions . 

Effective
February 3, 2023, our newly formed wholly-owned subsidiary, TLSS-STI, closed on an acquisition of all outstanding stock of Severance
Trucking, which offers less-than-truckload (LTL) trucking services throughout New England, with an effective date as of the close of
business on January 31 2023. See details below under Acquisitions . 

 One
of the Sellers also entered into a consulting agreement, including non-competition and non-solicitation provisions, to continue with
Severance after the acquisition for a period of no less than three (3) months and no more than one (1) year. 

We
have a highly experienced and dedicated senior management team, which is currently evaluating various opportunities, whether by acquisition
or otherwise, for the Company to augment its current business and/or enter into new line(s) of business. While the Company is hopeful
that it will be able to announce a plan in this regard shortly, there can be no assurance that we will in fact be able to augment our
current business and/or enter into new line(s) of business or to do so profitably. 

Corporate
History 

TLSS
was incorporated under the name PetroTerra Corp. in the State of Nevada on July 25, 2008. Prior to March 2017, TLSS was
an independent oil or gas exploration and development company focused on the acquisition or lease of properties that potentially contained
extractable oil or gas. However, at that time, we had not generated any revenues and, due to a decline of the oil and gas markets, elected
to seek other business opportunities. 

On
March 30, 2017, TLSS entered into a Share Exchange Agreement, dated as of the same date, with Save on Transport Inc., a Florida-based
non-asset provider of integrated transportation management solutions, including brokerage and logistics services related to the transportation
of automobiles and other freight Save on Transport ), pursuant to which we acquired Save on Transport as a wholly owned
subsidiary. TLSS s acquisition of Save on Transport was treated as a reverse merger and recapitalization of Save on Transport for
financial reporting purposes because the Save on Transport shareholders retained an approximate 80 controlling interest in our consolidated
company. Save on Transport was considered the acquirer for accounting purposes, and our historical financial statements before the acquisition
transaction were replaced with the historical financial statements of Save on Transport before such acquisition. The balance sheets at
their historical cost basis of both entities were combined at the acquisition date and the results of operations from the acquisition
date forward included the historical results of Save on Transport and our combined results of operations from the acquisition date forward.
On May 1, 2019, we entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Save On and Steven Yariv, whereby the Company returned all of the stock
of Save On to Steven Yariv in exchange for Mr. Yariv conveying 1,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company back to the Company. 

1 

On
June 18, 2018, TLSS completed the acquisition of 100 of the issued and outstanding membership interests of Prime EFS from its members
pursuant to the terms and conditions of a Stock Purchase Agreement entered into among the Company and the Prime EFS members on the Acquisition
Date. 

On
July 24, 2018, TLSS formed Shypdirect LLC, a company organized under the laws of New Jersey. Since its inception, Shypdirect generated
substantially all of its revenues from Amazon. 

Between
June 18, 2018 and September 30, 2020, we operated through Prime EFS and Shypdirect. The great bulk of Prime EFS s business prior
to September 30, 2020 was conducted pursuant to the Delivery Service Provider program (the Prime EFS DSP Program of Amazon
Logistics, Inc., a subsidiary of Amazon.com, Inc. Amazon ). In June 2020, Amazon gave notice to Prime EFS that Amazon would
not be renewing the Prime EFS DSP Program agreement when that agreement terminated effective September 30, 2020. Prime EFS ceased operations
on September 30, 2020 due to Amazon s non-renewal of the Prime EFS DSP Program. Shypdirect conducted its business as a carrier
under a relay program service agreement with Amazon (the Program Agreement ). On July 17, 2020, Amazon notified Shypdirect
that Amazon had elected to terminate the Program Agreement, effective as of November 14, 2020 (the Shypdirect Termination Notice ).
On August 3, 2020, Amazon offered to withdraw the Shypdirect Termination Notice and extend the term of the Program Agreement to and including
May 14, 2021 (the Aug. 3 Proposal ). On August 4, 2020, the Company, Prime EFS and Shypdirect accepted the Aug. 3 Proposal.
The Program Agreement expired on May 14, 2021. In June 2021, Shypdirect ceased its tractor trailer and box truck delivery services to
Amazon, and in July 2021, Shypdirect ceased all operations. 

Approximately
28.5 of our revenue of 5,495,146 for the year ended December 31, 2021 was attributable to Shypdirect s now terminated mid-mile
and long-haul business with Amazon. The termination of the Prime EFS last-mile business with Amazon on September 30, 2020 had a material
adverse impact on the operations of Prime EFS beginning in the 4 th fiscal quarter of 2020 and the termination of Shypdirect s
Amazon mid-mile and long-haul business, which was effective on or about May 14, 2021, had a material adverse impact on operations of
Shypdirect beginning in the 2 nd fiscal quarter of 2021. This impact caused Prime EFS and Shypdirect to become insolvent and
to cease operations. 

On
August 16, 2021, Prime EFS and Shypdirect executed Deeds of Assignment for the Benefit of Creditors in the State of New Jersey pursuant
to N.J.S.A. 2A:19-1, et seq. (the ABC Statute ), assigning all Prime EFS and Shypdirect assets to Terri Jane Freedman
as Assignee for the Benefit of Creditors (the Assignee and filing for dissolution. An Assignment for the Benefit
of Creditors, general assignment or ABC in New Jersey is a state-law, voluntary, judicially-supervised
corporate liquidation and unwinding similar to the Chapter 7 bankruptcy process found in the United States Bankruptcy Code. In an ABC,
debtor companies, here Prime EFS and Shypdirect, together referred to as the Assignors , executed Deeds of Assignment, assigning
all their assets to the Assignee chosen by the Company, who acts as a fiduciary similar to a Chapter 7 trustee in bankruptcy. On September
7, 2021, the ABCs were filed with the Bergen County Clerk in Bergen County, New Jersey and filed with the Surrogate Court, Bergen County,
initiating judicial proceedings. The Assignee has been charged with liquidating the assets for the benefit of the Prime EFS and Shypdirect
creditors pursuant to the provisions of the ABC Statute. 

As
a result of Prime EFS and Shypdirect s filing of the executed Deeds of Assignment for the Benefit of Creditors on September 7,
2021, the Assignee assumed all authority to manage Prime EFS or Shypdirect. Additionally, Prime EFS and Shypdirect no longer conduct
any business and are not permitted by the Assignee and ABC Statute to conduct any business. For these reasons, effective September 7,
2021, we relinquished control of Prime EFS and Shypdirect. Further, on October 13, 2021, Prime EFS and Shypdirect filed for dissolution
with the Secretary of State of New Jersey. Therefore, we deconsolidated Prime EFS and Shypdirect effective with the filing of executed
Deeds of Assignment for the Benefit of Creditors in September 2021. Our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 include
the results of Prime EFS and Shypdirect prior to the September 7, 2021 filing of the executed Deeds of Assignment for the Benefit of
Creditors with the State of New Jersey. 

On
November 13, 2020, TLSS formed a wholly-owned subsidiary, Shyp FX, under the laws of the State of New Jersey. On January 15, 2021, through
Shyp FX, we executed an asset purchase agreement APA and closed a transaction to acquire substantially all the assets
and certain liabilities of DDTI. On April 28, 2022, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Asset Purchase Agreement 
with an unrelated third party. Pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement, Shyp FX sold substantially all its asset and specific liabilities.
The Asset Purchase Agreement closed in June 2022 

On
November 16, 2020, we formed a wholly-owned subsidiary, TLSSA, under the laws of the State of Delaware. On March 24, 2021, TLSSA acquired
all the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Cougar Express. 

On
February 21, 2021, the Company formed a wholly-owned subsidiary, Shyp CX, under the laws of the State of New York. Shyp CX does not engage
in any revenue-generating operations and is currently inactive. 

On
August 17, 2022, the Company formed a wholly-owned subsidiary, TLSS-FC, under the laws of the State of Delaware. On September 16, 2022,
TLSS-FC acquired all the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Freight Connections. TLSS-FC does not engage in any revenue-generating
operations and is currently inactive. 

On
January 27, 2023, the Company formed a wholly-owned subsidiary, TLSS-STI, under the laws of the State of Delaware. On January 31, 2023,
TLSS-STI acquired all the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Severance Trucking. TLSS-STI does not engage in any revenue-generating
operations and is currently inactive. 

Our
principal executive offices are located in the United States at 5500 Military Trail, Suite 22-357, Jupiter, Florida 33458, and our telephone
number is (833) 764-1443. The Company s website is www.tlss-inc.com. 

Company
Overview 

E-Commerce
Fulfillment Solutions 

The
rapid growth of e-commerce and the online retailing segment of e-commerce is well documented. Online retail companies have logistics
needs that differ from those of traditional businesses. Unlike traditional inventory management, e-commerce companies need to ship items
directly to customers, who expect their orders to arrive on time and as described. We have built our delivery services to perform effectively
in the on demand shipping environment that is part of the e-commerce fulfillment solutions system. We are currently looking
to offer the expertise and knowledge we have in this area to new customers. 

2 

Our
Strategy and Competitive Strengths 

As
a result of the termination of Prime EFS s involvement with Amazon s DSP Program and the termination of Shypdirect s
involvement with Amazon s Relay Carrier Terms of Service, we began the process of diversifying our business primarily starting
with the acquisition of Cougar Express and the assets of DDTI. In 2022, we acquired the businesses of JFK Cartage and Freight Connections.
Most recently, in 2023, we acquired Severance Trucking. Our strategy is to be a leader in the transportation industry by providing on-time,
high-quality pick-up, transportation, and long-haul, mid-mile and last-mile delivery services. 

Market
Knowledge and Understanding . While we have been operating our current business for only a few years, our senior management personnel
collectively have more than 40 years of experience in the transportation industry and broad knowledge in providing transportation services.
These solutions are in high demand, and we hope to grow our business more profitably than was experienced in prior periods. Members of
our senior management team have operational experience both within and without the transportation and logistics industry together with
extensive experience in business growth and acquisitions. We believe we understand the various segments of the end-to-end solutions required
to deliver goods rapidly and accurately between the various pick-up and delivery points in the delivery chain. 

Unwavering
Focus on Relationships and Superior Service . We aim to be the premier platform and partner of choice for our customers. We believe
we offer superior services and solutions due to our company-wide commitment to customer service. 

Experienced
and Proven Management Team . We believe our management team is among the most experienced in the industry. Our senior management team
brings experience in transportation and logistics, mergers and acquisitions, information technology, e-commerce retailing and fulfillment. 

We
hope to leverage our competitive strengths to increase shareholder value through the following core strategies. 

Pursue
Value-Enhancing Strategic Acquisitions . We intend to pursue strategic acquisitions as a means of adding new markets in the United
States, expanding our transportation and logistics service offerings, adding talented management and operational employees, expanding,
and upgrading our technology platform and developing operational best practices. We are currently at various stages of reviewing several
potential acquisition targets and believe we have significant opportunities to grow our business through our knowledge of our industry
and possible acquisition targets. 

Build
Upon Strong Customer Relationships to Expand Organically . We intend to utilize our strategic acquisitions to facilitate organic growth
through leveraging our product and service capabilities, expanding the size of our service area, and adding higher margin services to
our service offerings. 

Expand
Our Operations to Other Regions of the U.S. Our mid-mile and long-haul delivery services are currently provided in the eastern United
States. As we continue to expand our marketing and customer relationships, we anticipate expanding our geographic footprint to provide
such services, and to capture market share, in other regions of the U.S. by opening our own operations centers and warehouses, acquiring
existing regional transportation and logistics companies operating in other areas and partnering with local operators in other regions.
We believe the expansion of our business in other regions of the U.S. will also allow us to expand our relationships with existing customers
who operate in those regions. 

Enhance
Our Operating Margins . We hope to enhance our operating margins through a combination of increased operational efficiencies, leveraging
our existing assets and distribution facilities and increasing our usage of technology to help us better plan, execute and monitor the
performance of our services and transportation assets. 

Technology 

An
integral part of our operating philosophy is the utilization of technology to support our transportation services and provide our employees
with real time information on the status of our operations. We believe our focus on technology as a support to our operations allows
our employees to focus on performing at high levels for the benefit of our customers. 

We
are also exploring technology-based acquisition opportunities that can provide higher margin solution-based products and services. 

Customers
and Markets 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, two customers accounted for 22.8 of the Company s total net revenues (11.9 and 10.9 , respectively).
For the year ended December 31, 2021, four customers represented 74.5 of the Company s total net revenues (28.5 , 21.6 , 12.5 
and 11.9 , respectively). 

Accordingly,
we continue to have customer concentration risk, which we hope to address by expanding our organic growth through the addition of new
customers and through the acquisition of businesses that provide transportation services for new customer bases. 

Acquisitions 

On
January 15, 2021, through Shyp FX, we simultaneously executed an asset purchase agreement APA and closed a transaction
to acquire substantially all the assets and certain liabilities of DDTI. DDTI s annual revenues in 2020 exceeded 1 million. The
purchase price under the APA was 100,000 of cash and a promissory note of 400,000. The principal assets involved in the acquisition
were vehicles for cargo transport, system equipment for vehicle tracking and navigation of vehicles, and delivery route rights together
with assumption of associated customer relationships. The acquisition of DDTI made the Company an approved contracted service provider
of FedEx, which, we believe, fits in well with our current geographic coverage area and may lead to additional expansion opportunities
within the FedEx network. On June 21, 2022, we sold substantially all the assets of Shyp FX in an all-cash transaction. The purchaser
was Farhoud Logistics Inc., a New Jersey corporation, an unrelated party. Under the terms of the sale, The Company sold the assets of
Shyp FX consisting of transportation equipment and other equipment and the business of Shyp FX for 825,000. We received net proceeds
of 748,500 which is net of a broker commission of 75,000 and other expenses of 4,214. 25,000 was held in escrow, pending bulk sale
tax clearance from the State of New Jersey and to cover the estimated cost of a vehicle repair. We received the escrowed funds during
the fourth quarter of 2022. In connection with the sale of these assets, for the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a gain on
the sale of 293,975. 

3 

On
November 11 2020, our wholly owned subsidiary, TLSSA, entered into an asset purchase agreement dated as of November 6, 2020 APA ),
to acquire substantially all the assets and certain liabilities of Cougar Express. Cougar Express was a family-owned full-service transportation
business that has been in operation for more than 30 years providing one-to-four person deliveries and offering white glove services.
It utilizes its own fleet of trucks, warehouse/driver/office personnel and on-call subcontractors from its convenient and secure New
York JFK airport area location, allowing it to pick-up and deliver throughout the New York tri-state area. Cougar Express serves a diverse
base of 50 commercial accounts, which are freight forwarders that work with some of the most notable retail businesses in the country.
Some of Cougar Express s accounts have been customers of Cougar Express for more than 20 years. On March 24, 2021, TLSS Acquisition
acquired all the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Cougar Express. The purchase price was 2,000,000 of cash plus cash
for the acquisition of security deposits, a cash payment equal to 50 of the difference between cash and accounts receivable acquired
and accounts payable assumed, less the assumption of truck loans and leases, and a promissory note of 350,000. The previous owner of
Cougar Express is barred from competing with the Cougar Express business through March 24, 2026. 

On
August 4, 2022, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Cougar Express, closed on its acquisition of all outstanding stock of JFK
Cartage, a New York-based full-service logistics provider specializing in pickup, warehousing and delivery services in the tri-state
area. Ms. Joan Ton, the sole shareholder of JFK Cartage, from whom the shares were acquired, is an unrelated party (the JFK Cartage
Seller ). The effective date of the acquisition was July 31, 2022. JFK Cartage operates from a 30,000 square foot warehouse with
ten drive-in doors and is strategically located approximately six miles from JFK International Airport. JFK Cartage has been in business
since 2008 and has been providing warehousing, cross-dock services, pickup and deliveries, and general trucking, handling airfreight,
trade show freight, expedited and hotshot demand work, LTL/cartage as well as FTL, reverse logistics, white glove and residential delivery
services to a broad base of over 95 commercial accounts and residential customers. JFK Cartage operates a wide-ranging fleet of specialty
vehicles, from its Sprinter vans to full 53-ft. tractor trailers. JFK Cartage, with its assets, fleet and warehouse is believed to be
one of the largest leading cartage agents serving the New York Tri-State area. Pursuant to the Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement with
Cougar Express and JFK Cartage dated May 24, 2022, the purchase price was 1,700,000, subject to certain adjustments. The Company: (i)
paid 405,712 in cash at closing; and (ii) JFK Cartage entered into a 696,935 promissory note with the JFK Cartage Seller, 98,448 of
which was payable weekly, in the amount of 25 of accounts receivable collected, but in any event, no later than October 4, 2022, with
the remaining balance of 598,487, payable in three annual installments of 199,496, with interest at 5.0 percent per annum on July
31, 2023, July 31, 2024 and July 31, 2025, respectively. Additionally, Cougar Express agreed to pay the 503,065 Small Business Administration SBA loan that existed on the books of JFK Cartage, which was paid in August 2022; and (iv) agreed to pay certain accrued
liabilities and other notes payable that existed on the books of JFK Cartage. For accounting purposes, the total purchase consideration
paid, after closing adjustments, was deemed to be 1,102,647, which includes cash of 405,712 plus the 696,935 promissory note that
is in the name of JFK Cartage. The purchase consideration amount did not include the SBA loan of 503,065, and accrued liabilities and
other notes payable, which were treated as assumed liabilities in the purchase price allocation. 

Effective
September 16, 2022, the Company s newly formed wholly-owned subsidiary, TLSS-FC, closed on an acquisition of all outstanding stock
of Freight Connections, a company offering an array of transportation, warehousing, consolidating, distribution, and local cartage services
throughout the New York tri-state area. Joseph Corbisiero, the sole shareholder of Freight Connections, from whom the shares were acquired
(the Freight Connections Seller ), is an unrelated party. Freight Connections was founded in 2016 and is a transportation
and logistics carrier headquartered in Ridgefield Park, New Jersey. Freight Connections currently operates with 30 power units and 50
trailers, including dry vans, pups, flatbeds, step decks, and double drop trailers, out of three buildings in the area with 200,000 square
feet of warehouse and cross dock space, strategically located within one mile of each other. Freight Connections offers customers an
array of services including truckload, LTL, and consolidating of cartage, construction-trade, air, and rail freight, as well as warehousing
and distribution services. Prior to the closing, the Company, TLSSA and Freight Connections Seller entered into an amendment to their
Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of May 23, 2022 (the Amended SPA ), and TLSS Acquisition assigned its interest
in the Amended SPA to TLSS-FC. Pursuant to the Amended SPA, the total purchase price was 9,365,000, subject to certain adjustment. TLSS-FC:
(i) paid 1,525,000 in cash at closing, (ii) Freight Connections entered into a 4,544,671 secured promissory note with the Freight Connections
Seller, with interest accruing at the rate of 5 per annum and then 10 per annum as of March 1, 2023 (The entire unpaid principal under
the note, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon and all other amounts payable thereunder, shall be due and payable in
one balloon payment on December 31, 2023, unless paid sooner. The promissory note is secured solely by the assets of Freight Connections),
and (iii) assumed certain debt. The Company issued to the Freight Connections Seller 178,911,844 shares of the Company s common
stock and 32,374 shares of the Company s Series H preferred stock, which is convertible into an aggregate of 323,740,000 shares
of the Company s common stock based on a conversion of 10,000 shares of common stock for each share of Series H preferred stock
outstanding. The common stock and the as if converted number of Series H preferred stock were valued at 0.0059 per share based on the
quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date, for an aggregate fair value of 2,965,646. The number
of shares was calculated as follows: (a) shares of common stock of the Company equal to no more than 4.99 of the number of shares of
common stock outstanding immediately after such issuance, and (b) the balance of the shares in Series H Convertible Preferred Stock,
a new series of non-voting, convertible preferred stock issuable to sellers in connection with acquisitions or strategic transactions
approved by a majority of the directors of the Company. TLSS-FC agreed to pay certain accrued liabilities and other notes payable that
existed on the books of Freight Connections and agreed to pay the 4,544,671 secured promissory note, which was assumed by Freight Connections.
For accounting purposes, the total purchase consideration paid, after closing adjustments, was deemed to be 9,035,317, which includes
(i) cash paid of 1,525,000, (ii) the aggregate fair value of common shares and Series H preferred shares issued to Freight Connections
Seller of 2,965,646, and (iii) the 4,544,671 secured promissory note in the name of Freight Connections. The purchase consideration
amount does not include accrued liabilities and other notes payable, which were treated as assumed liabilities in the purchase price
allocation. 

Effective
February 3, 2023, our newly formed wholly-owned subsidiary, TLSS-STI, closed on an acquisition of all outstanding stock of Severance
Trucking Co., Inc., Severance Warehousing, Inc. and McGrath Trailer Leasing, Inc., which together offer LTL trucking services throughout
New England (collectively, Severance Trucking ), with an effective date as of the close of business on January 31, 2023.
The sellers of the stock of each entity were Kathryn Boyd, Clyde Severance, and Robert Severance, all individuals (the Sellers ).
None of the Sellers is affiliated with the Company or its affiliates. Severance is a privately-owned full-service transportation carrier
and logistics business that has been in operation for over 100 years specializing in LTL trucking that provides next day service to major
cities in New England and New York, with cartage and interline agreements with respected carriers that ensure reliable deliveries anywhere
in the United States and Canada. With annual revenues of over 13.0 million in 2022, Severance currently operates with over 120 power
units and trailers and has two locations, comprising approximately 18,000 square feet of warehouse and cross dock space, 9,000 square
feet of office and 5,750 square feet of repair facilities located in Dracut, Massachusetts and approximately 16,000 square feet of warehouse
space in North Haven, Connecticut. The total purchase price was 2,250,000. TLSS-STI: (i) paid 365,613 in cash at closing and paid closing
expenses of 158,700; (ii) assumed and paid off 152,748 in vehicle debt; and (iii) entered into a 1,572,939 secured promissory note
with the Sellers, with interest accruing at the rate of 12 per annum. The entire unpaid principal under the note, shall be due and payable
in three (3) equal payments on August 1, 2023, February 1, 2024, and August 1, 2024, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereunder,
unless paid sooner. The promissory note is secured solely by the assets of Severance and a corporate guaranty from TLSS. The purchase
price is subject to a post-closing adjustment, up or down, determined by the amount by which Severance working capital as of the close
of business on January 31, 2023, exceeds or falls short of the target working capital, as of September 30, 2022, on which the purchase
price was calculated. 

One
of the Sellers also entered into a consulting agreement, including non-competition and non-solicitation provisions, to continue with
Severance after the acquisition for a period of no less than three (3) months and no more than one (1) year. 

4 

Consistent
with our primary strategy to become a leader in the transportation industry in providing on-time, high-quality pick-up, transportation
and delivery services, we expect to accomplish this goal, in part, by pursuing strategic acquisitions as a means of adding new markets
in the United States, expanding our transportation and logistics service offerings, adding talented management and operational employees,
expanding and upgrading our technology platform and developing operational best practices. Moreover, one factor in assessing acquisition
opportunities is the potential for subsequent organic growth post-acquisition. 

We
believe that the acquisitions of Cougar Express, JFK Cartage, Freight Connections, and Severance Trucking fits our current business plan,
given their geographic location, services offered, and diversified customer base, and given that they would provide us with long-standing,
well-run operations. 

Competition 

The
transportation services industry is highly competitive and composed of fragmented marketplaces, with multiple companies competing in
the geographic region in which we provide services. We compete on service, reliability, scope and scale of operations, technological
capabilities, and price. Our competitors include local, regional, and national companies that offer the same services we provide 
some with larger customer bases, significantly more resources and more experience than we have. Additionally, some of our customers have
internal resources that can perform services we offer. Due in part to the fragmented nature of the industry, we must strive daily to
retain existing business relationships and forge new relationships. 

The
health of the transportation industry will continue to be a function of domestic economic growth, particularly in the e-commerce marketplace.
We believe that we have positioned the Company to grow with and benefit from the e-commerce expansion. Together with our scale, technology,
and company-specific initiatives, we believe that our positioning should keep us growing faster than the macro environment. 

Seasonality 

All
of our revenues are subject to seasonal variations which are common in the trucking industry. Generally, most of the first quarter and
the latter part of the fourth quarter are the seasonally weakest while the second and third quarters are the seasonally strongest, as
customers tend to reduce shipments prior to and after the winter holiday season. 

Economic
Factors 

Our
business is subject to a number of general economic factors that may have a material effect on the results of our operations, many of
which are largely out of our control. These include supply chain interruptions, the impact of recessionary economic cycles, as well as
downturns in our customers business cycles, particularly in market segments and industries, such as retail and manufacturing,
where we have a significant concentration of customers. Economic conditions may materially affect our customers business levels,
the amount of transportation services they need and their ability to pay for our services. We operate in a highly price-sensitive and
competitive industry, making industry pricing actions, quality of customer service, effective asset utilization and cost control major
competitive factors. 

Regulation 

Our
operations are regulated and licensed by various governmental agencies. These regulations impact us directly and indirectly by regulating
third-party transportation providers we use to transport freight for our customers. 

Regulation
Affecting Motor Carriers, Owner-Operators and Transportation Brokers. In the United States, our subsidiaries that operate as motor
carriers have motor carrier licenses issued by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration FMCSA of the U.S. Department
of Transportation DOT ). In addition, our subsidiaries acting as property brokers have property broker licenses issued
by the FMCSA. Our motor carrier subsidiaries and the third-party motor carriers must comply with the safety and fitness regulations of
the DOT, including those related to drug-testing, alcohol-testing, hours-of-service, records retention, vehicle inspection, driver qualification
and minimum insurance requirements. Weight and equipment dimensions also are subject to government regulations. We also may become subject
to new or more restrictive regulations relating to emissions, drivers hours-of-service, independent contractor eligibility requirements,
onboard reporting of operations, air cargo security and other matters affecting safety or operating methods. Other agencies, such as
the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA ), the Food and Drug Administration FDA ), and the U.S. Department
of Homeland Security DHS ), also regulate our equipment, operations and independent contractor drivers. Like our third-party
support carriers, we are subject to a variety of vehicle registration and licensing requirements in certain states and local jurisdictions
where we operate. In foreign jurisdictions where we operate, our operations are regulated by the appropriate governmental authorities. 

In
2010, the FMCSA introduced the Compliance Safety Accountability program CSA ), which uses a Safety Management System SMS to rank motor carriers on seven categories of safety-related data, known as Behavioral Analysis and Safety Improvement Categories, or
 BASICs. 

Although
the CSA scores are not currently publicly available, we believe such scores will be made public in the future. Our fleet could be ranked
worse or better than our competitors, and the safety ratings of our motor carrier operations could be impacted. Our network of third-party
transportation providers may experience a similar result. A reduction in safety and fitness ratings may result in difficulty attracting
and retaining qualified independent contractors and could cause our customers to direct their business away from the Company and to carriers
with more favorable CSA scores, which would adversely affect our results of operations. 

Classification
of Independent Contractors. Tax and other federal and state regulatory authorities, as well as private litigants, continue to assert
that independent contractor drivers in the trucking industry are employees rather than independent contractors. Federal legislators have
introduced legislation in the past to make it easier for tax and other authorities to reclassify independent contractors as employees,
including legislation to increase the recordkeeping requirements and heighten the penalties for companies who misclassify workers and
are found to have violated overtime and/or wage requirements. Additionally, federal legislators have sought to abolish the current safe
harbor allowing taxpayers that meet certain criteria to treat individuals as independent contractors if they are following a longstanding,
recognized practice. Federal legislators also sought to expand the Fair Labor Standards Act to cover non-employees who
perform labor or services for businesses, even if said non-employees are properly classified as independent contractors; require taxpayers
to provide written notice to workers based upon their classification as either an employee or a non-employee; and impose penalties and
fines for violations of the notice requirement and/or for misclassifications. Some states have launched initiatives to increase revenues
from items such as unemployment, workers compensation and income taxes, and the reclassification of independent contractors as
employees could help states with those initiatives. Taxing and other regulatory authorities and courts apply a variety of standards in
their determinations of independent contractor status. If our independent contractor drivers are determined to be employees, we would
incur additional exposure under some or all the following: federal and state tax, workers compensation, unemployment benefits,
and labor, employment, and tort laws, including for prior periods, as well as potential liability for employee benefits and tax withholdings. 

5 

Environmental
Regulations. Our facilities and operations and our independent contractors are subject to various environmental laws and regulations
dealing with the hauling, handling and disposal of hazardous materials, emissions from vehicles, engine-idling, fuel tanks and related
fuel spillage and seepage, discharge and retention of storm water, and other environmental matters that involve inherent environmental
risks. Similar laws and regulations may apply in many of the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. We have instituted programs to
monitor and control environmental risks and maintain compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations. We may be responsible
for the cleanup of any spill or other incident involving hazardous materials caused by our operations or business. In the past, we have
been responsible for the costs of cleanup of diesel fuel spills caused by traffic accidents or other events, and none of these incidents
materially affected our business or operations. We generally transport only hazardous materials rated as low-to-medium-risk, and a small
percentage of our total shipments contain hazardous materials. We believe that our operations are in substantial compliance with current
laws and regulations, and we do not know of any existing environmental condition that reasonably would be expected to have a material
adverse effect on our business or operating results. Future changes in environmental regulations or liabilities from newly discovered
environmental conditions or violations (and any associated fines and penalties) could have a material adverse effect on our business,
competitive position, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. U.S. federal and state governments, as well as governments
in certain foreign jurisdictions where we operate, have also proposed environmental legislation that could, among other things, potentially
limit carbon, exhaust and greenhouse gas emissions. If enacted, such legislation could result in higher costs for new tractors and trailers,
reduced productivity and efficiency, and increased operating expenses, all of which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Employees 

As
of the date of this annual report, employed individuals providing services to Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc. are its
chief executive officer, its chief financial officer, its chief operating officer, and four other employees. Other professional
and executive services are procured by TLSS through independent contractors. 

As
of the date of this annual report, TLSS has approximately 7 employees, all of whom are full-time. 

As
of the date of this annual report, Cougar Express and JFK Cartage have approximately 25 employees, all of whom are full-time. 

As
of the date of this annual report, Freight Connections has approximately 32 employees, all of whom are full-time. 

As
of the date of this annual report, Severance Trucking has approximately 85 employees, all of whom are full-time. 

Prior
to the hiring Sebastian Giordano as to our Chief Executive Officer, we retained the services of a consultant, Ascentaur, LLC Ascentaur ),
pursuant to a Consulting Agreement between the Company and Ascentaur dated February 21, 2020, as amended (the Consulting Agreement ).
Mr. Giordano was and is the sole principal of Ascentaur. Under the Consulting Agreement, Ascentaur provided restructuring and management
services to the Company under direction of the Board. The Consulting Agreement terminated on January 4, 2022, the date that Mr. Giordano
became Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board of the Company. Between February 21, 2020 and January 3, 2022, Mr.
Giordano devoted the majority of his business attention to the Company but spent time on other business ventures as well. 

As
consideration for Mr. Giordano s services, through January 4, 2022, Ascentaur received a base consulting fee of 300,000 annually,
payable in installments of 12,500 twice a month and during 2021, received eligible bonuses of 217,187 based on certain Company revenue,
EBITDA, market capitalization or capital raise milestone sand reimbursement of 25,812 for health benefits. In addition, upon approval
by the Board, in 2020, Ascentaur received nonqualified stock options to purchase up to 25,000,000 shares of Common Stock of the Company
at an exercise price of 0.06 per share. 

On
January 4, 2022, the Company and Mr. Sebastian Giordano entered into an employment agreement with a term extending through December 31,
2025, which provides for annual compensation of 400,000 as well as annual discretionary bonuses based on the Company s achievement
of performance targets, grants of options, restricted stock or other equity, potentially constituting (with prior grants made to Ascentaur),
at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors, up to 5 of the outstanding common stock of the Company, vesting over the
term of the employment agreement, business expense reimbursement and benefits as generally made available to the Company s executives.
On March 11, 2022, pursuant to this employment agreement, the Company s Board of Directors granted the chief executive officer
122,126,433 shares of its common stock which were valued at 1,343,391, or 0.011 per common share, based on the quoted closing price
of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. These shares will vest in equal annual installments with the first installment
of 30,531,608 shares vesting on January 3, 2022, and 30,531,608 common shares vesting each year through January 3, 2025. 

On
January, 3, 2022, the Company retained the services of Mr. James Giordano (no relation to Mr. Sebastian Giordano) as Chief Financial
Officer. In addition, Mr. James Giordano was appointed the Company s Treasurer. Previously, Mr. James Giordano served as Chief
Financial Officer and consultant to Freight Connections, Inc., an LTL / line haul transportation services and warehousing provider. Prior
to that, he served as Chief Financial Officer for Farren International, a global supplier of transportation and rigging services. Mr.
James Giordano s employment with the Company is at will. He will receive annual compensation of 250,000 as well as annual discretionary
bonuses and equity grants, business expense reimbursement and benefits as generally made available to the Company s executives.
On July 6, 2022, the Company entered into a definitive Employment Agreement with James Giordano for Mr. Giordano to serve as the Company s
Chief Financial Officer. The term of such Employment agreement is for a period of two and one-half years through December 31, 2025, which
term may not be terminated early by the Company except for cause as defined in such agreement. Annual base compensation
is 250,000, with an annual bonus for 2022 in total up to a maximum of 125,000 per year conditioned on the achievement of specified
milestones, and future annual bonuses to be conditioned on achievement of milestones to be negotiated based on the circumstances of the
Company at such time. On March 11, 2022 and effective January 4, 2022, we agreed to grant restricted stock awards to Mr. James Giordano
for 11,363,636 common shares of the Company which were valued at 125,000, or 0.011 per common share, based on the quoted closing price
of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. These shares vested in equal quarterly installments with the first installment
of 2,840,909 shares vesting on March 31, 2022, and 2,840,909 common shares vesting each quarter through December 31, 2022. 

On
September 12, 2022, the Company retained the services of Mr. Justin Frey has joined the Company as its Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Justin
Frey started his career in transportation and logistics in 1989 with Consolidated Freightways, when it was the nation s largest
long-haul trucking company, as a customer service representative and held various positions there, including dispatcher, dock supervisor,
sales executive and terminal manager. In the years from 2013 to 2018, he worked for FFE Transportation, one of the largest temperature-controlled
National LTL transportation companies with revenues of more than 150 million, serving as terminal manager in California and Illinois
before being promoted to Eastern Region Director of Operations. From 2018 through 2019, Mr. Frey worked as Director of Operations with
Dicom/Eastern Connection, a 40 million regional overnight small package carrier. From 2019 to 2020, he was Director of Freight Operations
for Freeman Company, one of the world s largest event companies with revenues of 2.9 billion worldwide. He most recently held
the position of Vice President of Operations with LandAir, the largest privately held LTL carrier in New England, along with PDS, LandAir s
TL subsidiary, with revenues of 40 million. He will receive annual compensation of 225,000 as well as annual discretionary bonuses
and equity grants, business expense reimbursement and benefits as generally made available to the Company s executives. On January
3, 2023, we agreed to grant restricted stock awards to Mr. Justin Frey for 21,634,615 common shares of the Company which were valued
at 90,865, or 0.0042 per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date.
These shares will vest in equal quarterly installments with the first installment of 5,408,653 shares vesting on March 31, 2023, and
5,408,654 common shares vesting each quarter through December 31, 2023. 

6 

We
believe that a diverse workforce is important to our success. We will continue to focus on the hiring, retention and advancement of women
and underrepresented populations, and to cultivate an inclusive and diverse corporate culture. In the future, we intend to continue to
evaluate our use of human capital measures or objectives in managing our business such as the factors we employ or seek to employ in
the development, attraction and retention of personnel and maintenance of diversity in our workforce. 

The
success of our business is fundamentally connected to the well-being of our people. Accordingly, we are committed to the health, safety
and wellness of our employees. We provide our employees and their families with access to a variety of innovative, flexible and convenient
health and wellness programs, including benefits that provide protection and security so they can have peace of mind concerning events
that may require time away from work or that impact their financial well-being; that support their physical and mental health by providing
tools and resources to help them improve or maintain their health status and encourage engagement in healthy behaviors; and that offer
choice where possible so they can customize their benefits to meet their needs and the needs of their families. 

We
also provide robust compensation and benefits programs to help meet the needs of our employees. We believe that we maintain a satisfactory
working relationship with our employees and have not experienced any labor disputes. 

Information
Systems 

Cougar
Express. JFK Cartage, Freight Connections and Severance Trucking use a suite of non-proprietary software programs and other technologies
to manage dispatching of vehicles, employees, DOT compliance, vehicle maintenance, and scheduling. 

How
to Obtain our SEC Filings 

We
file annual, quarterly, and special reports, proxy statements, and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Reports, proxy statements and other information filed with the SEC can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities of
the SEC at 100 F Street N.E., Washington, DC 20549. Such material may also be accessed electronically by means of the SEC s website
at www.sec.gov . You may also obtain our recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission from the Investors Regulatory
Filings section of our website www.tlss-inc.com. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

Investing
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should not invest in our stock unless you are able to bear the complete loss
of your investment. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as other information provided to you in this annual
report on Form 10-K, including information in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results before making
an investment decision. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing TLSS. Additional risks and uncertainties
not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any of the following
risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected, the value of
our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

RISKS
ASSOCIATED WITH OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY 

We
lack an established operating history on which to evaluate our business and determine if we will be able to execute our business plan
and can give no assurance that operations will result in profits. 

We
have been engaged in our current continuing and proposed business operations since June 2018. As a result, we have a limited operating
history upon which you may evaluate our proposed business and prospects. Our proposed business operations are subject to numerous risks,
uncertainties, expenses and difficulties associated with early-stage enterprises. You should consider an investment in our Company considering
these risks, uncertainties, expenses and difficulties. Such risks include: 

the absence
 of a significant operating history; 

our ability
 to raise capital to develop our business and fund our operations; 

expected continual losses
 for the foreseeable future; 

our ability to anticipate
 and adapt to a developing market(s); 

acceptance by customers; 

limited marketing experience; 

competition from internet-based
 logistics and freight companies; 

competitors with substantially
 greater financial resources and assets than ours; 

the ability to identify,
 attract and retain qualified personnel; 

our ability to provide
 superior customer service; and 

reliance on key personnel. 

Because
we are subject to these risks, you may have a difficult time evaluating our business and your investment in our Company. We may be unable
to successfully overcome these risks which could harm our business. 

Our
business strategy may be unsuccessful, and we may be unable to address the risks we face in a cost-effective manner, if at all. If we
are unable to successfully address these risks our business will be harmed. 

We
may not successfully manage our growth. 

We
intend to focus on rapid growth, including organic growth and additional acquisitions. We may experience difficulties and higher-than-expected
expenses in executing this strategy because of unfamiliarity with new markets, changes in revenue and business models, entering into
new geographic areas and increased pressure on our existing infrastructure and information technology systems. 

7 

We
will need to continually improve existing procedures and controls, as well as implement new transaction processing, operational and financial
systems, and procedures and controls to expand, train and manage our employee base. Our working capital needs will continue to increase
as our operations grow. Failure to manage our growth effectively, or obtain necessary working capital, could have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, stock price and financial condition. 

We
may be unable to successfully consummate and integrate acquisitions. 

We
have acquired and, in the future, we may seek to acquire other carriers as well as other complementary businesses. Exploration of potential
acquisitions requires significant attention from our management team. In addition, we expect to compete for acquisition opportunities
with other companies, some of which may have greater financial and other resources than we do. We cannot ensure that we will have sufficient
cash to consummate an acquisition or otherwise be able to obtain financing under acceptable terms - or obtain financing at all - for
an acquisition. If we are unable to access sufficient funding for potential acquisitions, we may not be able to complete transactions
that we otherwise find advantageous. 

Any
subsequent acquisition will entail numerous risks, including: 

 we may not achieve
anticipated levels of revenue, efficiency, cash flows and profitability; 

we may experience difficulties managing businesses that are outside our historical core competency and markets; 

we may underestimate the resources required to support acquisitions, which could disrupt our ongoing business and distract our management; 

we may incur unanticipated costs to our infrastructure to support new business lines or separate legal entities; 

we may be required to temporarily match existing customer pricing in the acquiree s markets, which may be lower than the rates
that we would 

 typically
charge for our services; 

liabilities we assume could be greater than our original estimates or may not be disclosed to us at the time of acquisition; 

we may incur additional indebtedness or we may issue additional equity to finance future acquisitions, which could be dilutive to our
shareholders; 

potential loss of key employees and customers of the acquired company; and 

an inability to recognize projected cost savings and economies of scale. 

In
addition, we may have difficulty integrating any acquired business and its operations, services and personnel into our existing operations,
and such integration may require a significant amount of time and effort by our management team. To the extent we do not successfully
avoid or overcome the risks or problems resulting from any acquisitions we undertake, there could be a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Economic
recessions and other factors that reduce freight volumes could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

The
transportation industry historically has experienced cyclical fluctuations in financial results due to economic recession, downturns
in business cycles of our customers, increases in prices charged by third-party carriers, interest rate fluctuations and other U.S. and
global economic factors beyond our control. During economic downturns, reduced overall demand for transportation services will likely
reduce demand for our services and exert downward pressures on rates and margins. In periods of strong economic growth, demand for limited
transportation resources can result in increased network congestion and resulting operating inefficiencies. In addition, deterioration
in the economic environment subjects our business to various risks that may have a material impact on our operating results and cause
us to not reach our long-term growth goals. These risks may include the following: 

A reduction in overall freight volumes in the marketplace reduces our opportunities for growth. 

A downturn in our customers business cycles causes a reduction in the volume of freight shipped by those customers. 

Some of our customers may face economic difficulties and may not be able to pay us, and some may go out of business. 

Some of our customers may not pay us as quickly as they have in the past, causing our working capital needs to increase. 

A significant number of our transportation providers may go out of business, and we may be unable to secure sufficient equipment or other
transportation services to meet our commitments to our customers. 

We may not be able to appropriately adjust our expenses to changing market demands. 

We
have ongoing capital requirements that necessitate sufficient cash flow from operations and/or obtaining financing on favorable terms. 

We
have depended primarily on short term borrowings and cash from operations to expand the size of our operations and upgrade and expand
the size of our delivery fleet. In the future, we may be unable to generate sufficient cash from operations to support or grow our operations
or to obtain sufficient financing on favorable terms for such purposes. If any of these events occur, then we may face liquidity constraints
or be forced to enter into less than favorable financing arrangements. Additionally, such events could adversely impact our ability to
provide services to our customers. 

We
may not be profitable. 

There
can be no assurance that we will be able to implement our business plan, generate sustainable revenue or ever achieve consistently profitable
operations. We cannot assure you that we can achieve or sustain profitability on a quarterly or annual basis in the future. 

Changes
in our relationships with our significant customers, including the loss or reduction in business from one or more of them, could have
an adverse impact on us. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, two customers represented 22.8 of the Company s total net revenues (11.9 and 10.9 , respectively).
For the year ended December 31, 2021, four customers represented 74.5 (28.5 , 21.6 , 12.5 and 11.9 , respectively) of the Company s
total net revenues, respectively. Approximately 28.5 of the Company s revenue of 5,495,146 for the year ended December 31, 2021
was attributable to Shypdirect s now terminated mid-mile and long-haul business with Amazon. The termination of the Prime EFS last-mile
business with Amazon on September 30, 2020 had a material adverse impact on the operations of Prime EFS beginning in the 4th fiscal quarter
of 2020 and the termination of Shypdirect s Amazon mid-mile and long-haul businesses, which was effective on or about May 14, 2021,
had a material adverse impact on operations of Shypdirect beginning in the 2nd fiscal quarter of 2021. This impact caused Prime EFS and
Shypdirect to become insolvent and to cease operations. In 2021, we began to acquire other business and diversified our customer base
and added additional customers. Our contractual relationships with customers, including Amazon, generally are terminable at will by the
customers on short notice and do not require the customer to provide any minimum commitment. Our customers could choose to divert all
or a portion of their business with us to one of our competitors, demand rate reductions for our services, require us to assume greater
liability that increases our costs, or develop their own logistics capabilities. Failure to retain our existing customers or enter into
relationships with new customers could materially impact the growth in our business and the ability to meet our current and long-term
financial forecasts. 

8 

We
may depend on third parties in the operation of our business. 

As
required, we may depend on third parties to provide truck and other transportation services and to report certain events to us, including
delivery information and claims. This reliance could cause delays in reporting certain events, including recognizing revenue and claims.
Our inability to maintain positive relationships with our vendors could significantly limit our ability to serve our customers on competitive
terms. If we are unable to secure sufficient equipment or other transportation services to meet our commitments to our customers or provide
our services on competitive terms, our operating results could be materially and adversely effected, and our customers could switch to
our competitors temporarily or permanently. Many of these risks are beyond our control, including the following: 

equipment shortages in the transportation industry, particularly among contracted truckload carriers and truck leasing companies. 

interruptions in service or stoppages in transportation as a result of labor disputes, network congestion, weather-related issues, Acts
of God, or acts of terrorism. 

changes in regulations impacting transportation. 

increases in operating expenses for carriers, such as fuel costs, insurance premiums and licensing expenses, that result in a reduction
in available carriers; and 

changes in transportation rates. 

Any
shortage of supply of vehicles available to the Company could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and
results of operations. 

Increases
in independent contractor driver compensation or other difficulties attracting and retaining qualified independent contractor drivers
could adversely affect our profitability and ability to maintain or grow our independent contractor driver fleet. 

Our
business operates with a combination of employed drivers and through fleets of vehicles that are owned and operated by independent contractors.
In the case of independent contractors, they are responsible for maintaining and operating their own equipment and paying their own fuel,
insurance, licenses, and other operating costs. Turnover and bankruptcy among independent contractor drivers often limit the pool of
qualified independent contractor drivers and increase competition for their services. In addition, regulations such as the FMCSA Compliance
Safety Accountability program may further reduce the pool of qualified independent contractor drivers. Thus, our continued reliance on
independent contractor drivers could limit our ability to grow our ground transportation fleet. 

In
the future, we may experience difficulty in attracting and retaining sufficient numbers of qualified independent contractor drivers.
Additionally, our agreements with independent contractor drivers are terminable by either party upon short notice without penalty. Consequently,
we regularly need to recruit qualified independent contractor drivers to replace those who have left our fleet. If we are unable to retain
our existing independent contractor drivers or recruit new independent contractor drivers, our business and results of operations could
be adversely affected. 

The
compensation we offer our independent contractor drivers is subject to market conditions and we may find it necessary to continue to
increase independent contractor drivers compensation in future periods. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain a sufficient
number of independent contractor drivers, we could be required to increase our mileage rates and accessorial pay or operate with fewer
trucks and face difficulty meeting shipper demands, all of which would adversely affect our profitability and ability to maintain our
size or to pursue our growth strategy. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic may negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2022 and beyond may be materially adversely affected by COVID-19. 

The
full extent to which COVID-19 will impact our financial condition and operating results will depend on future developments that are highly
uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted, including new medical and other information that may emerge concerning COVID-19 and the
actions by governmental entities or others to address it, contain it or treat its impact. 

COVID-19
poses the risk that we or our employees, suppliers, professional advisors, customers, and others may be restricted or prevented from
conducting business activities for indefinite or intermittent periods of time, including as a result of employee health and safety concerns,
shutdowns, travel restrictions and other actions and restrictions that may be prudent or required by governmental authorities. Even after
governmental entities have lifted current restrictions, there is a risk that such orders will be reinstated in jurisdictions in the short
and long term, making it difficult to predict the longer-term financial impact of this virus on the Company. 

We
have modified our business practices for the continued health and safety of our employees - including, among other things, implementing
a work-from-home policy to the fullest extent possible, a limited travel policy and a social distancing policy - and we may take further
actions, or be required to take further actions, that are in the best interests of our employees. Our suppliers, professional advisors
and customers have also implemented such measures, which has resulted in, and we expect will continue to result in, disruptions or delays
and higher costs. The implementation of health and safety practices could impact customer demand, supplier deliveries, our productivity,
and costs, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

Further,
the impacts of COVID-19 have caused significant uncertainty and volatility in the credit markets. If our liquidity or access to capital
becomes further constrained, or if costs of capital increase significantly due to the impact of COVID-19 because of volatility in the
capital markets or other factors, then our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 

9 

Our
management of the impact of COVID-19 has and will continue to require significant investment of time from our management and employees,
as well as resources across the Company. The focus on managing and mitigating the impacts of COVID-19 on our business may cause us to
divert or delay the application of our resources toward existing or new initiatives or investments, which could have a material adverse
impact on our results of operations. 

We
hold our cash and cash equivalents that we use to meet our working capital and operating expense needs in deposit accounts that could
be adversely affected if the financial institution holding such funds fail. 

We
hold our cash and cash equivalents that we use to meet our working capital and operating expense needs in deposit accounts at one financial
institution. On December 31, 2022, cash in bank in excess of FDIC insured levels amounted to approximately 1,143,000. On March 12, 2023,
Signature Bank, our financial institution, was closed by its state chartering authority, the New York State Department of Financial Services.
On that same date the FDIC was appointed as receiver and transferred all the deposits and substantially all of the assets of Signature
Bank to Signature Bridge Bank, N.A., a full-service bank that is being operated by the FDIC. At the time of closing, we had all of our
cash at Signature Bank. We did not lose access to our accounts or experience
interruptions in banking services, and we suffered no losses with respect to our deposits at Signature Bank as a result of the bank s
closure. Normal banking activities resumed on Monday, March 13, 2023. On March 19, 2023 Signature Bridge Bank N.A. was acquired by New York community Bancorp Inc., which is the parent
of Flagship Bank, N.A. We are currently looking at additional banking options to ensure
that our exposure is limited or reduced to the FDIC protection limits. If the financial institution in which we hold such funds fails
or is subject to significant adverse conditions in the financial or credit markets, we could be subject to a risk of loss of all or a
portion of such uninsured funds or be subject to a delay in accessing all or a portion of such uninsured funds. Any such loss or lack
of access to these funds could adversely impact our short-term liquidity and ability to meet our operating expense obligations, including
payroll obligations. If the financial institution in which we hold funds for working capital and operating expenses were to fail, we
cannot provide any assurances that such governmental agencies would take action to continue to protect our uninsured deposits or investments
in a similar manner. 

GENERAL
OPERATING RISK 

We
will incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management may be required to devote substantial time
to compliance initiatives. 

As
a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting, and other expenses. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as
rules subsequently implemented by the SEC, have imposed various requirements on public companies, including requiring establishment and
maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls as well as mandating certain corporate governance practices. Our management
and other personnel will devote a substantial amount of time and financial resources to these compliance initiatives. 

If
we fail to staff our accounting and finance function adequately or maintain internal control systems adequate to meet the demands that
are placed upon us as a public company, we may be unable to report our financial results accurately or in a timely manner and our business
and stock price, assuming that a market for our stock develops, may suffer. The costs of being a public company, as well as diversion
of management s time and attention, may have a material adverse effect on our future business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

We
may have insufficient funds to fully develop our business, which may adversely affect our future growth. 

Until
we can generate a sufficient amount of revenue, if ever, we expect to finance our anticipated future growth and possibly future strategic
acquisitions through public or private equity offerings or debt financings. Additional funds may not be available when we need them on
terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. If adequate funds are not available, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of, our
plans to grow our revenues or to consummate one or more strategic acquisitions or otherwise to scale back our business plans. In addition,
we could be forced to reduce or forego attractive business opportunities. To the extent that we raise additional funds by issuing equity
securities, our stockholders may experience significant dilution. In addition, debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive
covenants. We may seek to access the public or private capital markets whenever conditions are favorable, even if we do not have an immediate
need for additional capital at that time. Our access to the financial markets and the pricing and terms we receive in the financial markets
could be adversely impacted by various factors, including changes in financial markets and interest rates. 

Our
forecasts regarding the sufficiency of our financial resources to support our current and planned operations are forward-looking statements
and involve significant risks and uncertainties, and actual results could vary because of a number of factors, including the factors
discussed elsewhere in this Risk Factors section. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong,
and we could utilize our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Our future capital requirements may be substantial
and will depend on many factors including: 

marketing and
 developing expenses; 

revenue received from sales
 and operations, if any, in the future; 

the cost of maintaining
 and replacing our revenue producing equipment; 

the expenses needed to
 attract and retain skilled personnel; and 

the costs associated with
 being a public company. 

Raising
capital in the future could cause dilution to our existing shareholders and may restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights. 

In
the future, we may seek additional capital through a combination of private and public equity offerings, debt financings and collaborations
and strategic and licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt
securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect
your rights as a shareholder. Debt financing, if available, would result in increased fixed payment obligations and may involve agreements
that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions such as incurring debt, making capital expenditures
or declaring dividends. If we raise additional funds through collaboration or strategic alliance arrangements with third parties, we
may have to relinquish valuable rights to our future revenue streams or product candidates on terms that are not favorable to us. 

10 

Our
operating results may fluctuate due to factors that are difficult to forecast and not within our control. 

Our
past operating results may not be accurate indicators of future performance, and you should not rely on such results to predict our future
performance. Our operating results have fluctuated significantly in the past and could fluctuate in the future. Factors that may contribute
to fluctuations include: 

changes in
 aggregate capital spending, cyclicality and other economic conditions, or domestic and international demand for the products we deliver; 

our ability to effectively
 manage our working capital; 

our ability to satisfy
 consumer demands in a timely and cost-effective manner; 

pricing and availability
 of labor and revenue producing equipment; 

our inability to adjust
 certain fixed costs and expenses for changes in demand; 

shifts in geographic concentration
 of customers, supplies and labor pools; and 

seasonal fluctuations in
 demand and our revenue. 

If
we are unable to attract and retain qualified executive officers and managers, we will be unable to operate efficiently, which could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We
depend on the continued efforts and abilities of our executive officer, particularly Sebastian Giordano, as well as the senior management
of our subsidiaries to establish and maintain our customer relationships and identify strategic opportunities. The loss of any one of
them could negatively affect our ability to execute our business strategy and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results
of operations and prospects. Competition for managerial talent with significant industry experience is high and we may lose access to
executive officers for a variety of reasons, including more attractive compensation packages offered by our competitors. Although we
have entered into an employment agreement with a key employee, we cannot guarantee that any of our officers or other key management personnel
will remain employed by us for any length of time. Our inability to adequately fill vacancies in our senior executive positions on a
timely basis could negatively affect our ability to implement our business strategy, which could adversely impact our results of operations
and prospects. 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Results and Financing Plans 

We
have a history of losses and may continue to incur losses in the future. 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the basis of continuity of operations, realization of assets and
the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the ordinary course of business. 

Historically,
we have primarily funded our operations with proceeds from sales of convertible debt and convertible preferred stock. Since our inception,
we have incurred recurring losses, including a loss from operations of 8,037,864 and 6,445,024 for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. Until such time that we implement our growth through acquisition strategy, we expect to continue to generate
operating losses in the foreseeable future, mostly due to corporate overhead and costs of being a public company. These losses may increase,
and we may never achieve profitability for a variety of reasons, including increased competition, decreased growth in the e-commerce
and the transportation and logistics industries and other factors described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, we issued an aggregate of 343,118 shares of our Series E preferred stock for net proceeds of 3,590,500
and issued an aggregate of 615,000 shares of our Series G preferred stock for net proceeds of 5,479,560. On January 25, 2022, we entered
into Securities Purchase Agreements with investors pursuant to which the Investors agreed to purchase units, severally and not jointly,
which consisted of an aggregate of (i) 70,000 shares of Series G and (ii) Warrants to purchase 70,000,000 shares of the Company s
common stock which are equal to 1,000 warrants for each share of Series G purchased (the January 2022 Series G Offering ).
The gross proceeds to the Company were 700,000, or 10.00 per unit. The Company paid placement agent fees of 70,000 and received net
proceeds of 630,000. The proceeds were used for the acquisition of Cougar Express, JFK Cartage, and Freight Connections, the repayment
of debt, and for working capital purposes. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2021 and during the three months ended March
31, 2022, we received proceeds of 4,226,383 and 245,714 from the exercise of stock warrants, respectively. 

Our
cash as of December 31, 2022 will not be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months from the date of the issuance
of the consolidated financial statements and we will need to raise additional working capital. 

We
could determine that our goodwill and other intangible assets are impaired, thus recognizing a related loss. 

As
a result of the acquisitions of JFK Cartage and Freight Connections, during the year ended December 31, 2022, there was a 7,750,835
increase in the gross intangible assets made up of 5,644,956 of finite lived intangible assets and 2,105,879 of goodwill. The increase
in gross finite lived intangible assets is associated with customer relationships and covenants not to compete and have finite lives. 

As
a result of the acquisitions of Shyp FX and Cougar Express, during the year ended December 31, 2021, there was a 2,647,217 increase
in the gross intangible assets made up of 2,647,217 of finite lived intangible assets. The increase in gross finite lived intangible
assets is associated with customer relationships and covenants not to compete and have finite lives. 

Based
on the Company s impairment analysis, management determined that an intangible impairment charge was required for the year ended
December 31, 2022 and accordingly, the Company recorded an impairment loss of 2,090,567. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had goodwill of 2,105,879 and other intangible assets, net of 4,601,677. We evaluate our goodwill and other
intangible assets for impairment. We could recognize impairments in the future, and we may never realize the full value of our intangible
assets. If these events occur, our profitability and financial condition will suffer. 

11 

We
have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, and we cannot assure you that additional material
weaknesses or significant deficiencies will not occur in the future. If our internal control over financial reporting or our disclosure
controls and procedures are not effective, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud, which may
cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and may lead to a decline in our stock price. 

We
have historically had a small internal accounting and finance staff with limited experience in public reporting. This lack of adequate
accounting resources has resulted in the identification of material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting. A material
weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a
reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. In connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our
management team identified material weaknesses relating to, among other matters: 

In 2021, we
 lacked a functioning audit committee due to a lack of a majority of independent members and a lack of a majority of outside directors
 on our board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and
 procedures. In an effort to address this material weakness, in January 2022, we expanded our Board of Directors by three independent
 and outside members to a total of four directors. Further, we established the requisite board committees for audit, compensation,
 and nominating. The Audit Committee Chairman has current and prior experience in this role with other public companies listed on
 the OTC and NASDAQ. 

Our overall lack of segregation
 of duties among our management team and our lack of segregation of duties and monitoring controls regarding our accounting staff
 because we have a limited staff of accountants maintaining our books and records. This is a common area of weakness for smaller companies
 with back-office operations with less than 5 people. We have made significant steps to mitigating this material weakness. We started
 with the hiring of a new, operational experienced CFO to provide oversight and drive immediate improvement in this area. To address
 this issue, we have begun implementation or implemented the following policies or processes: 

Implementation
 of cash management and banking policy which includes increasing the controls related to individuals banking capabilities, utilization
 of a daily cash model and forecast, and policy to move cash receipts from customers to ACH. 

Implementation of formalized
 payment and accounting transaction review and sign-off by the CFO. 

Centralization of A/P and
 cash control at the corporate level including the receipt of invoices to a newly created email address and process to get authorized
 approval for invoices prior to input into system. 

Implementation and completion
 of a formal and detailed 2022 budget and forecast for the consolidated Company. 

Implemented a formal monthly
 business review process to discuss budget vs actual variances, and other operational issues to be presented to the Company s
 CEO and Board of Directors. 

We lacked supervision
 of outside consultants who may negotiate transactions on behalf of our company. As we started the new year in 2022, Sebastian Giordano,
 who in his capacity as outside consultant, played a large role in the Company s financial turnaround from March 2020 onward,
 transitioned to take the formal role of CEO. His first action was to hire a new CFO and bring in three new independent and outside
 board members to strengthen the management controls of the organization. We currently outsource our financial reporting and certain
 accounting functions to an experienced outsourced accounting and consulting firm who has been engaged by the Company for the past
 five years. The short-term plan is to keep the financial reporting and certain accounting functions outsourced with this outsourced
 accounting and consulting firm until the Company is large enough to insource it. In the meantime, the new CFO of the Company is in
 the process of reviewing and making changes to the current accounting processes and methodologies as discussed above. 

As
discussed above, we have taken steps and plan to continue to take additional steps, to seek to remediate these material weaknesses and
to improve our financial reporting systems and implement new policies, procedures, and controls. If we do not successfully remediate
the material weaknesses described above, or if other material weaknesses or other deficiencies arise in the future, we may be unable
to accurately report our financial results on a timely basis, which could cause our reported financial results to be materially misstated
and require restatement which could result in the loss of investor confidence, delisting and/or cause the market price of our common
stock to decline. 

Our
preferred stock securities purchase agreements impose restrictions on us that may prevent us from engaging in beneficial transactions. 

We
have entered into preferred stock securities purchase agreements that contain covenants that restrict our ability to, among other things: 

make certain
 payments, including the payment of dividends; 

redeem or repurchase our
 capital stock; 

incur additional indebtedness
 and issue additional preferred stock; 

make investments or create
 liens; 

merge or consolidate with
 another entity; 

sell certain assets; and 

enter into transactions
 with affiliates. 

Actual
results could differ from the estimates and assumptions that we use to prepare our consolidated financial statements. 

To
prepare consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP, management is required to make estimates and assumptions as of the
date of the consolidated financial statements that affect the reported values of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and disclosures
of contingent assets and liabilities. Areas requiring significant estimates by our management include: 

the valuation
 of accounts receivable; 

the useful life of property
 and equipment; the valuation of intangible assets; 

the valuation of right
 of use asset and related liability; 

the valuation of assets
 acquired and liabilities assumed; 

assumptions used in assessing
 impairment of long-lived assets; 

estimates of current and
 deferred income taxes and deferred tax valuation allowances; 

the fair value of non-cash
 equity transactions; 

the valuation of derivative
 liabilities; and 

the value of claims against
 the Company. 

At
the time the estimates and assumptions are made, we believe they are accurate based on the information available. However, our actual
results could differ from, and could require adjustments to, those estimates. 

12 

Risks
Related to Our Industry 

The
transportation industry in which we compete is affected by general economic and business risks that are largely beyond our control. 

The
point-to-point transportation industry is highly cyclical, and our business is dependent on several factors, many of which are beyond
our control. We believe that some of the most significant of these factors are economic changes that affect supply and demand in transportation
markets in general, such as: 

downturns in
 customers business cycles; 

recessionary economic cycles; 

changes in customers 
 inventory levels and in the availability of funding for their working capital; 

commercial driver shortages
 and increases in driver compensation; 

industry compliance with
 a constantly changing regulatory environment; 

excess delivery vehicle
 capacity in comparison with shipping demand; and 

changes in government policies,
 tariffs, and taxes. 

The
risks associated with these factors are heightened when the United States and/or global economy is weakened. Some of the principal risks
during such times are as follows: 

we may experience
 low overall freight levels, which may impair our asset utilization, because our customers demand for our services generally
 correlates with the strength of the United States and, to a lesser extent, global economy; 

certain of our customers
 may face credit issues and cash flow problems, particularly if they encounter increased financing costs or decreased access to the
 capital markets, and such issues and problems may affect their ability to pay for our services; 

freight patterns may change
 as supply chains are redesigned, resulting in an imbalance between our capacity and our customers demands; and 

customers may bid out freight
 or select competitors that offer lower rates from among existing choices in an attempt to lower their costs, and we might be forced
 to lower our rates or lose freight. 

We
also are subject to cost increases outside of our control that could materially reduce our profitability if we are unable to increase
our rates sufficiently. Such cost increases include, but are not limited to, increases in fuel prices, driver wages, owner-operator contracted
rates, interest rates, taxes, tolls, license and registration fees, insurance, trucks and other transportation equipment and healthcare
for our employees. 

Our
suppliers business levels also may be negatively affected by adverse economic conditions or financial constraints, which could
lead to disruptions in the supply and availability of equipment, parts, and services critical to our operations. A significant interruption
in our normal supply chain could disrupt our operations, increase our costs and negatively impact our ability to serve our customers. 

In
addition, events outside our control, such as strikes or other work stoppages at our facilities or at customer, port, border or other
shipping locations, or actual or threatened armed conflicts or terrorist attacks, efforts to combat terrorism, military action and economic
sanctions against a foreign state or individuals or groups located in or citizens of a foreign state, heightened security requirements,
outbreaks of contagious disease including COVID-19 or other adverse public health developments could lead to reduced economic demand,
reduced availability of credit or temporary closing of the shipping locations or United States borders. Such events or enhanced security
measures in connection with such events could impair our operating efficiency and productivity and result in higher operating costs. 

Our
industry is highly competitive and fragmented, and our business and results of operations may suffer if we are unable to adequately address
downward pricing and other competitive pressures. 

We
compete with many carriers of varying sizes, including some that may have greater access to equipment, a wider range of services, greater
capital resources, less indebtedness or other competitive advantages and including smaller, regional service providers that cover specific
shipping lanes with specific customers or that offer niche services. We also compete, to a lesser extent, with some less-than-truckload
carriers, railroads, and third-party logistics, brokerage, freight forwarding and other transportation companies. Numerous competitive
factors could impair our ability to maintain or improve our profitability. These factors include the following: 

many of our
 competitors periodically reduce their freight rates to gain business, especially during times of reduced growth or a downturn in
 the economy, which may limit our ability to maintain or increase freight rates, may require us to reduce our freight rates or may
 limit our ability to maintain or expand our business; 

some shippers have reduced
 or may reduce the number of carriers they use by selecting core carriers as approved service providers and in some instances, we
 may not be selected; 

many customers periodically
 solicit bids from multiple carriers for their shipping needs, which may depress freight rates or result in a loss of business to
 competitors; 

the continuing trend toward
 consolidation in the trucking industry may result in more large carriers with greater financial resources and other competitive advantages,
 and we may have difficulty competing with them; 

advances in technology
 may require us to increase investments in order to remain competitive, and our customers may not be willing to accept higher freight
 rates to cover the cost of these investments; 

higher fuel prices and,
 in turn, higher fuel surcharges to our customers may cause some of our customers to consider freight transportation alternatives,
 including rail transportation; 

competition from freight
 logistics and brokerage companies may negatively impact our customer relationships and freight rates; 

we may have higher exposure
 to litigation risks as compared to other carriers; and 

smaller carriers may build
 economies of scale with procurement aggregation providers, which may improve the smaller carriers abilities to compete with
 us. 

13 

Driver
shortages and increases in driver compensation or owner-operator contracted rates could adversely affect our profitability and ability
to maintain or grow our business. 

Driver
shortages in our industry have required, and could continue to require, us to spend more money to locate and retain company and owner-operator
drivers. Our challenge with attracting and retaining qualified drivers primarily stems from intense market competition, which may subject
us to increased payments for driver compensation and owner-operator contracted rates. Also, because of the intense competition for drivers,
we may face difficulty maintaining or increasing our number of company and owner-operator drivers. Compliance and enforcement with initiatives
included in the CSA program implemented by the FMCSA and regulations adopted by the DOT relating to driver time and safety and fitness
could also reduce the availability of qualified drivers. In addition, like most in our industry, we suffer from a high turnover rate
of drivers, especially, with respect to company drivers, in the first 180 days of employment. The high turnover rate requires us to continually
recruit a substantial number of drivers to operate existing delivery vehicles. Further, with respect to owner-operator drivers, shortages
can result from contractual terms or company policies that make contracting with us less desirable to certain owner-operator drivers.
Due to the absence of long-term personal services contracts, owner-operators can quickly terminate their business relationships with
us. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain a sufficient number of company and owner-operator drivers, we could be required
to operate with fewer trucks and face difficulty meeting shipper demands or be forced to forego business that would otherwise be available
to us, which developments could adversely affect our profitability and ability to maintain or grow our business. 

Seasonality
and the impact of weather and other catastrophic events adversely affect our operations and profitability. 

Our
operations are affected by the winter season because inclement weather impedes operations. At the same time, operating expenses increase
due to, among other things, a decline in fuel efficiency because of engine idling and harsh weather that creates higher accident frequency,
increased claims, and higher equipment repair expenditures. We also may suffer from weather-related or other events, such as tornadoes,
hurricanes, blizzards, ice storms, floods, fires, earthquakes and explosions, which may disrupt fuel supplies, increase fuel costs, disrupt
freight shipments or routes, affect regional economies, destroy our assets or the assets of our customers or otherwise adversely affect
the business or financial condition of our customers, any of which developments could adversely affect our results or make our results
more volatile. 

We
may be adversely affected by fluctuations in the price or availability of diesel fuel. 

Fuel
is one of our largest operating expenses. Diesel fuel prices fluctuate greatly due to factors beyond our control, such as political events,
price and supply decisions by oil producing countries and cartels, terrorist activities, environmental laws and regulations, armed conflicts,
depreciation of the dollar against other currencies, world supply and demand imbalances or imposition of tariffs and economic sanctions,
and hurricanes and other natural or man-made disasters, each of which may lead to an increase in the cost of fuel. Such events may lead
not only to increases in fuel prices, but also to fuel shortages and disruptions in the fuel supply chain. Because our operations are
dependent upon diesel fuel, significant diesel fuel cost increases, shortages or supply disruptions could materially and adversely affect
our results of operations and financial condition. We have not used derivatives as a hedge against higher fuel costs in the past but
continue to evaluate this possibility. 

Increases
in fuel costs, to the extent not offset by rate per mile increases or fuel surcharges, have an adverse effect on our operations and profitability.
We incur certain fuel costs that cannot be recovered even with respect to customers with which we maintain fuel surcharge programs, such
as those associated with empty miles or the time when our engines are idling. Because our fuel surcharge recovery lags behind changes
in fuel prices, our fuel surcharge recovery may not capture in any particular period the increased costs we pay for fuel, especially
when prices are rising. Further, during periods of low freight volumes, shippers can use their negotiating leverage to impose less compensatory
fuel surcharge policies. There can be no assurance that our fuel surcharge program will be maintained indefinitely or will be sufficiently
effective. 

Increased
prices for, or decreases in the availability of, new trucks and delivery vehicles and decreases in the value of used trucks and delivery
vehicles could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. 

Investment
in new and used equipment is a significant part of our annual capital expenditures, and we require an available supply of trucks and
other delivery vehicles from equipment manufacturers to operate and grow our business. In recent years, manufacturers have raised the
prices of new trucks and other vehicles and equipment significantly due to increased costs of materials and, in part, to offset their
costs of compliance with new tractor engine and emission system design requirements mandated by the EPA and various state agencies, which
are intended to reduce emissions. For example, more restrictive EPA engine and emissions system design requirements became effective
for engines built on or after January 1, 2010. In 2011, the EPA and the NHTSA established Phase 1 of a national program to reduce greenhouse
gas emissions and establish new fuel efficiency standards for medium- and heavy-duty vehicles beginning for model year 2014 and extending
through model year 2018. In October 2016, the EPA and NHTSA jointly published final Phase 2 standards for improving fuel efficiency and
reducing greenhouse gas emissions from new on-road medium- and heavy-duty vehicles beginning for model year 2019 and extending to model
year 2027. The Phase 2 standards build upon the Phase 1 standards, encouraging wider application of currently available technologies
and the development of new and advanced cost-effective technologies through model year 2027. In addition, greenhouse gas emissions limits
and fuel efficiency standards will be imposed on new trailers. Greenhouse gas emissions regulations are likely to affect equipment design
and cost. More recently, in November 2018, the EPA announced the Cleaner Trucks Initiative (CTI), pursuant to which it plans to propose
and finalize a rulemaking updating standards for nitrogen oxide emissions from highway heavy-duty trucks and engines. The EPA is expected
to issue a proposed rulemaking to implement the CTI program in 2020. Notwithstanding the federal standards, a number of states have mandated,
and states may continue to individually mandate, additional emission-control requirements for equipment that could increase equipment
or other costs for entire fleets. Further equipment price increases may result from these federal and state requirements. If new equipment
prices increase more than anticipated, we could incur higher depreciation and rental expenses than anticipated. If we are unable to fully
offset any such increases in expenses with freight rate increases and/or improved fuel economy, our results of operations and cash flows
could be adversely affected. 

We
may face difficulty in purchasing or leasing new equipment due to decreased supply. From time to time, some original equipment manufacturers
(OEM) of tractors, trailers and other delivery vehicles may reduce their manufacturing output due to lower demand for their products
in economic downturns or a shortage of component parts. Uncertainty as to future federal emission standards or possible future inconsistencies
between federal and state emission standards may also serve to decrease such manufacturing output. Component suppliers may either reduce
production or be unable to increase production to meet OEM demand, creating periodic difficulty for OEMs to react in a timely manner
to increased demand for new equipment and/or increased demand for replacement components as economic conditions change. At times, market
forces may create market situations in which demand outstrips supply. In those situations, we may face reduced supply levels and/or increased
acquisition or lease costs. An inability to continue to obtain an adequate supply of new or used tractors or trailers for our operations
could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

During
prolonged periods of decreased tonnage levels, we and other trucking companies may make strategic fleet reductions, which could result
in an increase in the supply of used equipment. When the supply exceeds the demand for used trucks or other delivery vehicles, the general
market value of such used equipment decreases. Used equipment prices are also subject to substantial fluctuations based on availability
of financing and commodity prices for scrap metal. A depressed market for used equipment could require us to trade our truck or other
delivery vehicles at depressed values or to record losses on disposal or an impairment of the carrying values of our equipment that is
not protected by residual value arrangements. Trades at depressed values and decreases in proceeds under equipment disposals and impairment
of the carrying values of our equipment could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

14 

We
operate in a highly regulated industry, and changes in existing laws or regulations, or liability under existing or future laws or regulations,
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and profitability. 

We
operate in the United States pursuant to operating authority granted by the DOT. We, as well as our Company and owner-operator drivers,
must also comply with governmental regulations regarding safety, equipment, environmental protection, and operating methods. Examples
include regulation of equipment weight, equipment dimensions, fuel emissions, driver hours-of-service, driver eligibility requirements,
on-board reporting of operations and ergonomics. We may become subject to new, or amendment of existing, laws and regulations, reinterpretation
of legal requirements or increased governmental enforcement that may impose more restrictive regulations relating to such matters that
may require changes in our operating practices, influence the demand for transportation services or require us to incur significant additional
costs. Possible changes to laws and regulations include: 

increasingly
 stringent environmental laws and regulations, including changes intended to address NOx emissions as well as fuel efficiency and
 greenhouse gas emissions that are attributed to climate change; 

restrictions, taxes, or
 other controls on emissions; 

regulation specific to
 the energy market and logistics providers to the industry; 

changes in the hours-of-service
 regulations, which govern the amount of time a driver may drive in any specific period; 

driver and vehicle ELD
 requirements; 

requirements leading to
 accelerated purchases of new trailers; 

mandatory limits on vehicle
 weight and size; 

driver hiring or retention
 restrictions; 

increased bonding or insurance
 requirements; and 

security requirements imposed
 by the DHS. 

From
time to time, various legislative proposals are introduced, including proposals to increase federal, state or local taxes, including
taxes on motor fuels and emissions, which may increase our or our independent affiliates operating costs, require capital expenditures
or adversely impact the recruitment of drivers. 

Restrictions
on greenhouse gas emissions or climate change laws or regulations could also affect our customers that use significant amounts of energy
or burn fossil fuels in producing or delivering the products we carry, which, in turn, could adversely impact the demand for our services
as well as our operations. Additionally, recent activism directed at shifting funding away from companies with energy-related assets
could result in limitations or restrictions on certain sources of funding for the energy sector, which also could adversely impact the
demand for our services and our operations. We also could lose revenue if our customers divert business from us because we have not complied
with customer sustainability requirements. See Item 1. Business - Regulation for information regarding several governmental
regulations that could significantly impact our business and operations. 

Safety-related
evaluations and rankings under the CSA program could adversely impact our relationships with our customers and our ability to maintain
or grow our fleet, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and profitability. 

The
CSA includes compliance and enforcement initiatives designed to monitor and improve commercial motor vehicle safety by measuring the
safety record of both the motor carrier and the driver. These measurements are scored and used by the FMCSA to identify potential safety
risks and to direct enforcement action. Certain measurements and scores collected by the CSA from transportation companies are available
to the general public on the FMCSA s website. 

Our
CSA scores are dependent upon our safety and compliance experience, which could change at any time. In addition, the safety standards
prescribed in the CSA program or the underlying methodology used by the FMCSA to determine a carrier s safety rating could change
and, as a result, our ability to maintain an acceptable score could be adversely impacted. For example, pursuant to a 2015 federal statutory
mandate, the FMCSA commissioned the National Academy of Sciences (NAS) to conduct a study and report upon the CSA program and its underlying
Safety Measurement System (SMS), which is the FMCSA s process for identifying patterns of non-compliance and issuing safety-fitness
determinations for motor carriers. In June 2017, the NAS published a report on the subject providing specific recommendations and concluding,
among other things, that the FMCSA should explore a more formal statistical model to replace the current SMS process. In June 2018, the
FMCSA posted its response to the NAS study in a report to Congress, concluding, among other things, that it would develop and test a
new model, the Item Response Theory (IRT), which would replace the SMS process currently used. The FMCSA was expected to commence small
scale testing of the IRT model as early as September 2018, with full-scale testing expected to occur in April 2019 and possible program
roll-out expected to occur in late 2019 but the testing schedule has been delayed. The FMCSA s June 2018 response is under audit
by the DOT Inspector General to assess consistency with the NAS recommendations, and the audit findings will guide the agency s
actions and timing with respect to testing of the IRT model as a potential replacement for the SMS. In the event and to the extent that
the FMCSA adopts the IRT model in replacement of the SMS or otherwise pursues rulemakings in the future that revise the methodology used
to determine a carrier s safety rating in a manner that incorporates more stringent standards, then it is possible that we and
other motor carriers could be adversely affected, as compared to consideration of the current standards. If we receive an unacceptable
CSA score, whether under the current SMS process, the IRT model, should it be finalized and adopted, or because of some other safety-fitness
determination, our relationships with customers could be damaged, which could result in a loss of business. 

Additionally,
the requirements of CSA could shrink the industry s pool of drivers as those with unfavorable scores could leave the industry.
As a result, the costs to attract, train and retain qualified drivers could increase. In addition, a shortage of qualified drivers could
increase driver turnover, decrease asset utilization, limit growth, and adversely impact our results of operations and profitability. 

We
are subject to environmental and worker health and safety laws and regulations that may expose us to significant costs and liabilities
and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, competitive position and financial condition. 

We
are subject to stringent and comprehensive federal, state and local environmental and worker health and safety laws and regulations governing,
among other matters, the operation of fuel storage tanks, release of emissions from our vehicles (including engine idling) and facilities,
the health and safety of our workers in conducting operations, and adverse impacts to the environment. Under certain environmental laws,
we could be subject to strict joint and several liability, without regard to fault or legality of conduct, for costs relating to contamination
at facilities we own or operate or previously owned or operated and at third-party sites where we disposed of waste, as well as costs
associated with the clean-up of releases arising from accidents involving our vehicles. We often operate in industrial areas, where truck
terminals and other industrial activities are located, and where soil, groundwater or other forms of environmental contamination have
occurred from historical or recent releases and for which we have incurred and may, in the future, incur remedial or other environmental
liabilities. We also maintain above ground and underground bulk fuel storage tanks and fueling islands at some of our facilities and
vehicle maintenance operations at certain of our facilities. Our operations involve the risks of fuel spillage or seepage into the environment,
environmental damage and unauthorized hazardous material spills, releases or disposal actions, among others. 

15 

Increasing
efforts to control air emissions, including greenhouse gases, may have an adverse effect on us. Federal and state lawmakers have implemented,
and are considering, a variety of new climate-change initiatives and greenhouse gas regulations that could increase the cost of new tractors,
impair productivity and increase our operating expenses. For example, in 2011, the NHTSA and the EPA adopted final Phase 1 rules that
established the first-ever fuel economy and greenhouse gas standards for medium- and heavy-duty vehicles, including certain combination
tractors model years 2014 to 2018 and, in October 2016, the EPA and NHTSA jointly published final Phase 2 standards for improving
fuel efficiency and reducing greenhouse gas emissions from new on-road medium- and heavy-duty vehicles beginning for model year 2019
through model year 2027. In addition, greenhouse gas emissions limits and fuel efficiency standards will be imposed on new trailers.
More recently, in November 2018, the EPA announced the CTI, pursuant to which it plans to propose and finalize a rulemaking updating
standards for nitrogen oxide emissions from highway heavy-duty trucks and engines. The EPA is expected to issue a proposed rulemaking
to implement the CTI program in 2020. 

Compliance
with environmental laws and regulations may also increase the price of our delivery equipment and otherwise affect the economics of our
industry by requiring changes in operating practices or by influencing the demand for, or the costs of providing, transportation services.
For example, regulations issued by the EPA and various state agencies that require progressive reductions in exhaust emissions from diesel
engines have resulted in higher prices for tractors and diesel engines and increased operating and maintenance costs. Also, in order
to reduce exhaust emissions, some states and municipalities have begun to restrict the locations and amount of time where diesel-powered
tractors, such as ours, may idle. These restrictions could force us to alter our drivers behavior, purchase on-board power units
that do not require the engine to idle and/or face a decrease in productivity. We are also subject to potentially stringent rulemaking
related to sustainability practices, including conservation of resources by decreasing fuel consumption. This increased focus on sustainability
practices may result in new regulations and/or customer requirements that could adversely impact our business. 

If
we have operational spills or accidents or if we are found to be in violation of, or otherwise liable under, environmental or worker
health or safety laws or regulations, we could incur significant costs and liabilities. Those costs and liabilities may include the assessment
of sanctions, including administrative, civil and criminal penalties, the imposition of investigatory, remedial or corrective action
obligations, the occurrence of delays in permitting or performance of projects, and the issuance of orders enjoining performance of some
or all of our operations in a particular area. The occurrence of any one or more of these developments could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations, competitive position, and financial condition. Environmental and worker health and safety laws are
becoming increasingly more stringent and there can be no assurances that compliance with, or liabilities under, existing or future environmental
and worker health or safety laws or regulations will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations, cash flows or prospects. See Item 1. Business - Regulation for information regarding several governmental
regulations that could significantly affect our business and operations. 

Our
contractual agreements with our owner-operators expose us to risks that we do not face with our company drivers. 

From
time to time, we have relied upon independent contractor owner-operators to perform the services for which we contract with customers.
While our use of independent contractors has to date been limited, we may increase our usage of independent contractor owner-operators
if we are unable to meet demand for our transportation services with our own delivery vehicles and drivers. Our reliance on independent
contractor owner-operators creates numerous risks for our business. For example, if our independent contractor owner-operators fail to
meet our contractual obligations or otherwise fail to perform in a manner consistent with our requirements, we may be required to utilize
alternative service providers at potentially higher prices or with some degree of disruption of the services that we provide to customers.
If we fail to deliver on time, if our contractual obligations are not otherwise met, or if the costs of our services increase, then our
profitability and customer relationships could be harmed. 

The
financial condition and operating costs of our independent contractor owner-operators are affected by conditions and events that are
beyond our control and may also be beyond their control. Adverse changes in the financial condition of our independent contractor owner-operators
or increases in their equipment or operating costs could cause them to seek higher revenues or to cease their business relationships
with our company. The prices we charge our customers could be impacted by such issues, which may in turn limit pricing flexibility with
customers, resulting in fewer customer contracts and decreasing our revenues. 

Independent
contractor owner-operators may use tractors, trailers and other equipment bearing our trade names and trademarks. If one of our independent
contractor owner-operators is subject to negative publicity, it could reflect on us and have a material adverse effect on our business,
brand and financial performance. Under certain laws, we could also be subject to allegations of liability for the activities of our independent
contractor owner-operators. 

Owner-operators
are third-party service providers, as compared to company drivers who are employed by us. As independent business owners, our owner-operators
may make business or personal decisions that conflict with our best interests. For example, if a load is unprofitable, route distance
is too far from home or personal scheduling conflicts arise, an owner-operator may deny loads of freight from time to time. In these
circumstances, we must be able to timely deliver the freight in order to maintain relationships with customers. 

If
our owner-operators are deemed by regulators or judicial process to be employees, our business and results of operations could be adversely
affected. 

Tax
and other regulatory authorities have in the past sought to assert that owner-operators in the trucking industry are employees rather
than independent contractors. Taxing and other regulatory authorities and courts apply a variety of standards in their determination
of independent contractor status. If our owner-operators are determined to be its employees, we would incur additional exposure under
federal and state tax, workers compensation, unemployment benefits, labor, employment, and tort laws, including for prior periods,
as well as potential liability for employee benefits and tax withholdings. 

We
are dependent on computer and communications systems, and a systems failure or data breach could cause a significant disruption to our
business. 

Our
business depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our computer and communications hardware systems and infrastructure,
including operating and financial reporting systems. Our computer and communications systems are critical in meeting customer expectations,
effectively tracking, maintaining and operating our trucks and other delivery vehicles, directing and compensating our employees, and
interfacing with our financial reporting system. Our financial reporting system receives, processes, controls, and reports information
for operating our business and for tabulation into our financial statements. We currently maintain our computer systems at multiple locations,
including several of our offices and terminals and third-party data centers, along with computer equipment at each of our terminals.
Our operations and those of our technology and communications service providers are vulnerable to interruption by fire, earthquake, power
loss, telecommunications failure, terrorist attacks, Internet failures, computer viruses, data breaches (including cyber-attacks or cyber
intrusions over the Internet, malware and the like) and other events generally beyond our control. Although we believe that we have robust
information security procedures and other safeguards in place, as cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional
resources to continue to enhance our information security measures and investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities.
A significant natural disaster or cyber-attack incident, including system failure, security breach, disruption by malware or other damage,
could interrupt or delay our operations, damage our reputation, cause a loss of customers, agents or third-party capacity providers,
expose us to a risk of loss or litigation, or cause us to incur significant time and expense to remedy such an event, any of which could
have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial position. 

16 

Our
business may be harmed by terrorist attacks, future wars, or anti-terrorism measures. 

In
the aftermath of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, federal, state and municipal authorities have implemented and are implementing
various security measures, including checkpoints and travel restrictions on large trucks and fingerprinting of drivers in connection
with new hazardous materials endorsements on their licenses. Such existing measures and future measures may have significant costs associated
with them which a motor carrier is forced to bear. Moreover, large trucks carrying large freight are potential terrorist targets, and
we may be obligated to take measures, including possible capital expenditures, intended to protect our trucks. In addition, the insurance
premiums charged for some, or all of the coverage currently maintained by us could continue to increase dramatically or such coverage
could be unavailable in the future. 

If
our employees were to unionize, our operating costs could increase and our ability to compete could be impaired. 

None
of our employees are currently represented under a collective bargaining agreement; however, we always face the risk that our employees
will try to unionize, and if our owner-operators were ever re-classified as employees, the magnitude of this risk would increase. Further,
Congress or one or more states could approve legislation and/or the National Labor Relations Board (the NLRB could render
decisions or implement rule changes that could significantly affect our business and our relationship with employees, including actions
that could substantially liberalize the procedures for union organization. For example, in December 2014, the NLRB implemented a final
rule amending the agency s representation-case proceedings that govern the procedures for union representation. Pursuant to this
amendment, union elections can now be held within 10 to 21 days after the union requests a vote, which makes it easier for unions to
successfully organize all employers, in all industries. In addition, we can offer no assurance that the Department of Labor will not
adopt new regulations or interpret existing regulations in a manner that would favor the agenda of unions. 

Any
attempt to organize by our employees could result in increased legal and other associated costs and divert management attention, and
if we entered into a collective bargaining agreement, the terms could negatively affect our costs, efficiency and ability to generate
acceptable returns on the affected operations. In particular, the unionization of our employees could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects because: 

restrictive
 work rules could hamper our efforts to improve and sustain operating efficiency and could impair our service reputation and limit
 our ability to provide same-day or next-day services; 

a strike or work stoppage
 could negatively impact our profitability and could damage customer and employee relationships, and some shippers may limit their
 use of unionized trucking companies because of the threat of strikes and other work stoppages; and 

an election and bargaining
 process could divert management s time and attention from our overall objectives and impose significant expenses. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OWNERSHIP OF OUR COMMON STOCK 

Conversion
and/or exercise of our preferred stock and/or warrants, has, and is likely to continue to dilute the ownership interest of our existing
stockholders, including holders who had previously converted their notes and preferred stock or exercised their warrants, and has and
may continue to depress the price of our common stock, and may impede our ability to raise funds in the future. 

In
conjunction with capital raising efforts during 2022 and 2021, the Company made commitments to shareholders, preferred stockholders,
and warrant holders to issue, or keep available for issuance, additional shares of common stock of the Company. On December 31, 2022
and 2021, the closing trading price as quoted on OTCQB market or OTC Pink market was 0.004 and 0.0133, respectively. Anti-dilution
protection features contained in our preferred stock securities purchase agreements and warrants only provide for one-way adjustment.
If we issue or sell, or are deemed to have issued or sold, additional shares of common stock, options, warrants of convertible instruments,
other than certain exempt issuances, for a consideration per share (the Base Share Price less than a price equal
to the conversion price in effect immediately prior to such issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale (the foregoing a Dilutive
Issuance , then immediately after such Dilutive Issuance, the conversion price then in effect shall be reduced to an amount
equal to the Base Share Price. As a result, the existing stockholders, including holders who earlier converted their notes or preferred
stock, or exercised their warrants, will continue to be subject to substantial dilution. 

On
June 26, 2020, stockholders holding at least 51 of the voting power of the stock of the Company entitled to vote thereon consented,
in writing, to amend the Company s Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, by adoption of the Certificate of Amendment
to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company to authorize an increase of the number of shares of common stock
that the Company may issue to 4,000,000,000 shares, par value 0.001 (the First Authorized Share Increase Amendment ). The
Company filed a preliminary information statement on Schedule 14C regarding the stockholders consent to the First Authorized Share
Increase Amendment with the SEC on June 8, 2020. The Company filed a definitive information statement on Schedule 14C on June 30, 2020
and first mailed that information statement to stockholders on June 30, 2020. The First Authorized Share Increase Amendment became effective
on July 20, 2020. 

On
February 23, 2021, stockholders holding at least 51 of the voting power of the stock of the Company entitled to vote thereon consented,
in writing, to amend the Company s Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, by adoption of the Certificate of Amendment
to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company to authorize an increase of the number of shares of common stock
that the Company may issue to 10,000,000,000 shares, par value 0.001 (the Second Authorized Share Increase Amendment ).
The Company filed a preliminary information statement on Schedule 14C regarding the stockholders consent to the Second Authorized
Share Increase Amendment with the SEC on March 5, 2021. The Company filed a definitive information statement on Schedule 14C on March
15, 2021 and first mailed that information statement to stockholders promptly after filing. The Second Authorized Share Increase Amendment
became effective on April 15, 2021. 

The
past and potential future dilution, and the potential lack of sufficient authorized shares, could make it more difficult for us to raise
funds through future offerings of common stock, warrants or convertible securities, and could adversely impact the terms under which
we could obtain additional capital. In addition, the existence of our convertible notes may encourage short selling by market participants
because the conversion our convertible notes could be used to satisfy short positions. 

17 

Our
shares of common stock are quoted on the OTC Pink Market and there is a limited trading market for our common stock. 

On
September 1, 2021, we were upgraded to the OTCQB Market. On May 23, 2022, we received notice from OTC Markets Group that as our bid price
has closed below 0.01 for more than 30 consecutive calendar days, we no longer met the Standards for Continued Eligibility for OTCQB
as per the OTCQB Standards, Section 2.3(2), which states that we must maintain proprietary priced quotations published by a Market
Maker in OTC Link with a minimum closing bid price of .01 per share on at least one of the prior thirty consecutive calendar days. 
We were informed further that, as per Section 4.1 of the OTCQB Standards, we were granted a cure period of 90 calendar days during which
the minimum closing bid price for the Company s common stock must be .01 or greater for ten consecutive trading days in order
to continue trading on the OTCQB marketplace. Since this requirement was not met by August 21, 2022, on August 21, 2022, we were removed
from the OTCQB Marketplace and our common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink Tier. 

There
is currently an active trading market for our common stock, but our common stock has traded in recent years only on a limited basis.
Although there is an active trading market for our common stock, there are no assurances that trading activity will be sustained. 

The
public market for our common stock may be volatile. This may affect the ability of our investors to sell their shares as well as the
price at which they sell their shares. 

The
market price for shares of our common stock may be significantly affected by factors such as variations in quarterly and yearly operating
results, general trends in the transportation and logistics industry, and changes in state or federal regulations affecting us and our
industry. Furthermore, in recent years the stock market has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated or disproportionate
to the operating performance of the affected companies. Such broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common
stock if a market for it develops. 

Our
common stock price has fluctuated in recent years, and the trading price of our common stock is likely to continue to reflect changes,
which could result in losses to investors and litigation. 

In
addition to changes to market prices based on our results of operations and the factors discussed elsewhere in this Risk Factors 
section, the market price of and trading volume for our common stock may change for a variety of other reasons, not necessarily related
to our actual operating performance. The capital markets have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating
performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. In addition,
the average daily trading volume of the securities of small companies can be very low, which may contribute to future volatility. Factors
that could cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate significantly include: 

the results
 of operating and financial performance and prospects of other companies in our industry; 

strategic actions by us
 or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings; 

announcements of innovations,
 increased service capabilities, new or terminated customers or new, amended or terminated contracts by our competitors; 

the public s reaction
 to our press releases, media coverage and other public announcements, and filings with the SEC; 

lack of securities analyst
 coverage or speculation in the press or investment community about us or opportunities in the markets in which we compete; 

changes in government policies
 in the United States; 

changes in
 earnings estimates or recommendations by securities or research analysts who track our common stock or failure of our actual results
 of operations to meet those expectations; 

dilution caused by the
 conversion into common stock of preferred shares and exercise of warrants; 

market and industry perception
 of our success, or lack thereof, in pursuing our growth strategy; 

changes in accounting standards,
 policies, guidance, interpretations, or principles; 

any lawsuit involving us
 or our services; 

arrival and departure of
 key personnel; 

sales of common stock by
 us, our investors, or members of our management team; and 

changes in general market,
 economic and political conditions in the United States and global economies or financial markets, including those resulting from
 natural or man-made disasters and armed conflicts. 

Any
of these factors, as well as broader market and industry factors, may result in large and sudden changes in the trading volume of our
common stock and could seriously harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. This may prevent
stockholders from being able to sell their shares at or above the price they paid for shares of our common stock, if at all. In addition,
following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, stockholders often institute securities class action
litigation against that company. Our involvement in any class action suit or other legal proceeding, including the existing lawsuits
filed against us and described elsewhere in this report, could divert our senior management s attention, and could adversely affect
our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

If
we do not meet the listing standards of a national securities exchange, our investors ability to make transactions in our securities
will be limited and we will be subject to additional trading restrictions. 

Our
common stock currently is traded over-the-counter on the OTC Pink Tier market and is not qualified to be listed on a national securities
exchange, such as NASDAQ. Accordingly, we face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability
 of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity with
 respect to our securities; 

a limited amount of news
 and analyst coverage for our company; and 

a decreased ability to
 issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

18 

FINRA
sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our common stock. 

The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (known as FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing
that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional
customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status,
investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that
speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers
to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect
on the market for our shares. 

We
do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We
have never paid dividends on our common stock and do not presently intend to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. We anticipate
that any funds available for payment of dividends will be re-invested into our company to further its business strategy. Because we do
not anticipate paying dividends in the future, the only opportunity for our stockholders to realize value in our common stock will likely
be through a sale of those shares. 

Future
sales of our securities could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and our future capital-raising activities could involve
the issuance of equity securities, which would dilute your investment and could result in a decline in the trading price of our common
stock. 

We
may sell securities in the public or private equity markets if and when conditions are favorable, or at prices per share below the current
market price of our common stock, even if we do not have an immediate need for additional capital at that time. Sales of substantial
amounts of shares of our common stock, or the perception that such sales could occur, could adversely affect the prevailing market price
of our shares and our ability to raise capital. We may issue additional shares of common stock in future financing transactions or as
incentive compensation for our executive management and other key personnel, consultants and advisors. Issuing any equity securities
would be dilutive to the equity interests represented by our then-outstanding shares of common stock. Moreover, sales of substantial
amounts of shares in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, may adversely affect the prevailing market price
of our common stock and make it more difficult for us to raise additional capital. 

On
October 8, 2020, we entered into Securities Purchase Agreements with investors (collectively the Investors pursuant to
which the Investors agreed to purchase units, severally and not jointly, which consisted of an aggregate of (i) 47,977 shares of Series
E Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series E and (ii) warrants (the Warrants to purchase 23,988,500 shares
of the Company s common stock which are equal to 50 of the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series E if
the Series E were converted on October 8, 2020 (the October 2020 Series E Offering ). The gross proceeds to the Company
were 640,000, or 13.34 per unit which is the stated value of each Series E share. We paid fees of 35,000 and received net proceeds
of 605,000. The initial exercise price of the Warrants related to the October 2020 Series E Offering is 0.04 per share, subject to
adjustment. Due to down-round provisions in the Warrants, the number of warrants was increased from 23,988,500 warrants to 95,954,000
warrants, and the exercise price was reduced to 0.01 per share. 

On
December 28, 2020 and December 30, 2020, we entered into Securities Purchase Agreements with investors pursuant to which the Investors
agreed to purchase units, severally and not jointly, which consisted of an aggregate of (i) 57,400 shares of Series E and (ii) Warrants
to purchase 76,571,429 shares of the Company s common stock which are equal to 1,334 warrants for each for each share of Series
E purchased (the December 2020 Series E Offering ). The gross proceeds to the Company were 670,000, or 11.67 per unit.
We paid fees of 112,000 and received net proceeds of 558,000. The initial exercise price of the Warrants related to the December 2020
Series E Offering is 0.01 per share, subject to adjustment. 

During
the three months ended March 31, 2021, we entered into Securities Purchase Agreements with investors pursuant to which the Investors
agreed to purchase units, severally and not jointly, which consisted of an aggregate of (i) 310,992 shares of Series E and (ii) Warrants
to purchase 414,857,146 shares of the Company s common stock which are equal to 1,334 warrants for each for each share of Series
E purchased (the Q1 2021 Series E Offering ). The gross proceeds to the Company were 3,630,000, or 11.67 per unit. We
paid fees of 372,000 and received net proceeds of 3,258,000. The initial exercise price of the Warrants related to the Q1 2021 Series
E Offering is 0.01 per share, subject to adjustment. Additionally, the Company issued 82,971,429 warrants to the placement agent at
an initial exercise price of 0.01 per share. 

During
April 2021, we entered into Securities Purchase Agreements with investors pursuant to which the Investors agreed to purchase units, severally
and not jointly, which consisted of an aggregate of (i) 32,126 shares of Series E and (ii) Warrants to purchase 42,857,143 shares of
the Company s common stock which are equal to 1,334 warrants for each for each share of Series E purchased (the April 2021
Series E Offering ). The gross proceeds to the Company were 375,000, or 11.67 per unit. We paid fees of 42,500 and received
net proceeds of 332,500. The initial exercise price of the Warrants related to the April 2021 Series E Offering is 0.01 per share,
subject to adjustment. Additionally, the Company issued 8,571,429 warrants to the placement agent at an initial exercise price of 0.01
per share. 

Subject
to a beneficial ownership limitation and customary adjustments for stock dividends and stock splits, each share of Series E shall be
convertible into that number of shares of Common Stock calculated by dividing the Stated Value of each share of Series E being converted
by the Conversion Price. The initial Conversion Price shall be 0.01 which shall be subject to adjustment as provided below. In addition,
we shall issue the Holder converting all or any portion of Series E an additional sum (the Make Good Amount equal
to 210 for each 1,000 of Stated Value of the Series E converted pro-rated for amounts more or less than 1,000, increasing to 310
for each 1,000 of Stated Value during the Triggering Event Period (the Extra Amount ). Subject to the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, the Make Good Amount shall be paid in Shares of Common Stock, as follows: The number of shares of Common Stock
issuable as the Make Good Amount shall be calculated by dividing the Extra Amount by the product of 80 times the average VWAP
for the five Trading Days prior to the date a Holder delivered a notice of conversion to the Company (the Conversion Date ).
 During the Triggering Event Period, the number of shares of Common Stock issuable as the Make Good Amount shall be calculated by
dividing the Extra Amount by the product of 70 times the average VWAP for the five Trading Days prior to the Conversion Date. 

19 

Subject
to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, at any time during the period commencing on the date of the occurrence of a Triggering Event
and ending on the date of the cure of such Triggering Event (the Triggering Event Period ), a Holder may, at such Holder s
option, by delivery of a conversion notice to the Company to convert all, or any number of Series E (such conversion amount of the Series
E to be converted pursuant to this Section 6(b) (the Triggering Event Conversion Amount ), into shares of Common
Stock at the Triggering Event Conversion Price. The Triggering Event Conversion Amount means 125 of the Stated
Value and the Triggering Event Conversion Price means 0.006. 

Triggering
events include, but are not limited to, (1) failure to satisfy Rule 144 current public information requirements; (2) ceasing to be a
reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or failing to comply
with the reporting requirements of a reporting company under the Exchange Act; (3) suspension from or termination of trading; (4) failure
to reserve sufficient shares of Common Stock (after cure periods and subject to certain extensions); (5) various insolvency proceedings
(subject to certain carveouts); (6) material breach of the Series E Offering transaction documents; and (7) failure to comply with conversion
of any Series E shares when requested by the holder thereof. 

On
December 31, 2021, we entered into Securities Purchase Agreements with investors (the Series G SPA ). Pursuant to Series
G SPA; (A) on December 31, 2021, investors agreed to purchase units, severally and not jointly, which consisted of an aggregate of (i)
615,000 shares of Series G and (ii) Warrants to purchase 615,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock which are equal to 1,000
warrants for each for each share of Series G purchased; (B) on January 15, 2022, investors agreed to purchase units, severally and not
jointly, which consisted of an aggregate of (i) 70,000 shares of Series G and (ii) Warrants to purchase 70,000,000 shares of the Company s
common stock which are equal to 1,000 warrants for each for each share of Series G purchased; and (C) on March 4, 2022, an investor agreed
to purchase units, severally and not jointly, which consisted of an aggregate of (i) 25,000 shares of Series G and (ii) Warrants to purchase
25,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock which are equal to 1,000 warrants for each for each share of Series G purchased.
The gross proceeds to the Company were 7,100,000, or 10.00 per unit. We paid fees of 710,507, paid cash of 54,933 for the settlement
of disputed penalties related the Series E and received net proceeds of 6,334,560. The initial exercise price of the Warrants related
to the Series G purchases is 0.01 per share, subject to adjustment. 

Subject
to a beneficial ownership limitation and customary adjustments for stock dividends and stock splits, each share of Series G shall be
convertible into that number of shares of Common Stock calculated by dividing the Stated Value of each share of Series G being converted
by the Conversion Price. The initial Conversion Price shall be 0.01 which shall be subject to adjustment as provided below. In addition,
the Company shall issue the Holder converting all or any portion of Series G an additional sum (the Series G Make Good Amount equal to 210 for each 1,000 of Stated Value of the Series G converted pro-rated for amounts more or less than 1,000 (the Series
G Extra Amount . Subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, the Make Good Amount shall be paid in Shares of Common Stock,
as follows: The number of shares of Common Stock issuable as the Make Good Amount shall be calculated by dividing the Series G Extra
Amount by the product of 80 times the average VWAP for the five Trading Days prior to the date a Holder delivered a notice of conversion
to the Company (the Conversion Date ), subject to beneficial ownership limitations. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

As
of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, there were no unresolved comments from the staff of the SEC. 

Item
2. Properties. 

Our
principal executive offices are located in the United States at 5500 Military Trail, Suite 22-357, Jupiter, Florida 33458. 

Due
to a reduction in the Company s revenues and the loss of its Amazon revenues, during the second and third quarter of 2021, we abandoned
the all leases associated with Shypdirect and Prime EFS. Accordingly, during the year ended December 31, 2021, we wrote the remaining
balance of these right of use assets and recorded a loss on lease abandonment of 1,223,628. 

The
lease of our subsidiary, Cougar Express, expired on December 31, 2021. On February 16, 2022, the landlord for the leased premises from
which Cougar Express previously conducted its Valley Stream New York business, Airport Park LLC Airport ), filed an action
to evict and for unpaid holdover rent against Cougar Express and TLSS. The case was No. LT-000550-22/NA, filed in Landlord Tenant Court
in Nassau County District Court. In the case, Airport sought to evict Cougar Express forthwith and to collect 51,080 for each month
of holdover occupancy starting January 1, 2022 through the month of any eviction, plus statutory interest, costs and attorneys 
fees. 51,080 was twice the monthly rent collected in the last year of the expired lease and is computed correctly under the holdover
provision in the expired lease. By stipulation filed with the Court on May 19, 2022, this matter was settled and terminated. Pursuant
to the settlement, Cougar agreed to pay, and paid, certain unpaid common charges of 8,016.25 and monthly rent at a rate of 33,275 per
month until Cougar vacated the premises. Cougar also agreed to vacate the Valley Stream premises by September 30, 2022. Following Cougar s
acquisition of JFK Cartage, Cougar was able to vacate, and vacated the Valley Stream location by September 30, 2022 and moved its operations
to the JFK Cartage property. 

As
a result of the acquisition of JFK Cartage and Freight Connection, the Company assumed several non-cancelable operating leases for the
lease of office, warehouse spaces, and parking spaces. 

JFK
Cartage leases approximately 30,797 square feet of office and warehouse space and parking area in Inwood, New York under a non-cancelable
operating lease through November 2024. Monthly base rent is 45,801 and is subject to a 4 annual increase. 

Freight
Connections leases an aggregate of approximately 186,000 square feet of office and warehouse space and parking areas in Ridgefield and
Englewood, New Jersey under several non-cancelable operating leases through June 2027. Aggregate monthly base rent is approximately 133,000
plus common area and other charges and is subject to annual increases. 

Severance
Trucking leases an aggregate of approximately 43,000 square feet of office and warehouse space and parking areas in North Haven, Connecticut
and Dracut, Massachusetts under two non-cancelable operating leases through February 2028. Aggregate monthly base rent is approximately
 128,000 plus common area and other charges and is subject to annual increases. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. Other
than discussed below, we are not currently a party to any other legal proceeding that we believe would have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, or operating results. 

20 

Disputes
Between ELRAC LLC and Enterprise Leasing Company of Philadelphia, LLC on the one hand, and Prime EFS, LLC on the other hand 

In
2021 and as of December 31, 2021, the Company s prior subsidiary, Prime EFS, LLC Prime EFS was a party to an arbitration
with two companies, ELRAC LLC ELRAC ), and Enterprise Leasing Company of Philadelphia, LLC ELC ). 

As
previously disclosed, since the Company deconsolidated Prime EFS effective with the filing of executed Deeds of Assignment for the Benefit
of Creditors in September 2021, as of December 31, 2021, the Company s consolidated balance sheet no longer included an accrual
for this matter. 

Solely
to avoid the expense and distraction of the matter, effective March 31, 2022, TLSS and Prime EFS, on the one hand, and ERLAC and ELC,
on the other hand, settled the above matter for a single payment, by TLSS, to ERLAC and ELC, of 30,000. Pursuant to the settlement,
TLSS and Prime, on the one hand, and ERLAC and ELC, on the other hand, exchanged mutual general releases, thereby releasing and discharging
any and all claims between TLSS, Prime EFS and their affiliates, on the one hand, and ERLAC, ELC and their affiliates, on the other hand.
As of December 31, 2021, the Company accrued the settlement amount 30,00) and included same in accrued expenses on the Company s
consolidated balance sheets. 

As
a result of the March 2022 settlement, and since we have not received any further communications concerning this matter, we consider
the matter to be closed and terminated. 

Bellridge
Capital, L.P. v. TLSS et al. 

On
September 11, 2020, a prior lender to the Company, Bellridge Capital, L.P., filed a civil action against TLSS and others in the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The case was assigned Case No. 20-cv-7485. 

After
discontinuing the foregoing federal action voluntarily and without prejudice, on April 23, 2021, Bellridge filed a substantially similar
civil action in New York Supreme Court, New York County, which was assigned index number 652728/2021. 

In
May 2022, all parties to the Bellridge state court action settled the case and exchanged mutual general releases for a cash payment by
the Company to Bellridge of 250,000. 

In
partial consideration for the settlement, the Company and Bellridge also cancelled the 700,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock previously
held by Bellridge, as reflected on the Company s balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. In connection with this settlement, during
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded settlement expense of 227,811. 

As
a result of the May 2022 settlement, and since we have not received any further communications concerning this matter, we consider the
matter to be closed and terminated. 

SCS,
LLC v. TLSS 

On
January 14, 2021, a former financial consultant to the Company, SCS, LLC, filed an action against TLSS in the Circuit Court of the 15 th
 Judicial Circuit, Palm Beach County, Florida, captioned SCS, LLC v. Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc . The case
was assigned Case No. 50-2020-CA-012684. 

In
this action, SCS alleges that it entered into a renewable six-month consulting agreement with TLSS dated September 5, 2019 and that TLSS
failed to make certain monthly payments due thereunder for the months of October 2019 through March 2020, summing to 42,000. The complaint
alleges claims for breach of contract, quantum meruit, unjust enrichment and account stated. 

On
February 9, 2021, TLSS filed an answer, defenses and counterclaims in this action. Among other things, TLSS avers that SCS s claims
are barred by its unclean hands and other inequitable conduct, including breach of its duties (i) to maintain the confidentiality of
information provided to SCS and (ii) to work only in furtherance of TLSS s interests, not in furtherance of SCS s own, and
conflicting, interests. TLSS also avers, in its counterclaims, that SCS owes TLSS damages in excess of the 42,000 sought in the main
action because SCS was at least grossly negligent in any due diligence it undertook before recommending that TLSS acquire Prime EFS LLC
in June 2018. SCS filed a motion to strike TLSS s defenses and counterclaims, and TLSS opposed that application. Those motions
remain sub judice . 

A
two-day non-jury trial was held in this action in Palm Beach County, Florida, on April 20-21, 2022. However, at the end of the second
day a mistrial was declared because SCS had not withdrawn its motion to strike and answered the counterclaims. Since the mistrial, there
have been no further filings or proceedings in this case. 

The
Company believes it has substantial defenses to all claims alleged in SCS s complaint. The Company therefore intends to defend
this case vigorously. Because there have been no further filings or proceedings on this case since April 2022, it is not possible to
evaluate the likelihood of a favorable or unfavorable outcome, nor is it possible to estimate the amount or range of any potential loss
in the matter. However, SCS s demand in the case remains 42,000. 

Shareholder
Derivative Action 

On
June 25, 2020, the Company was served with a putative shareholder derivative action filed in the Circuit Court of the 15 th 
Judicial Circuit in and for Palm Beach County, Florida (the Court captioned SCS, LLC, derivatively on behalf of Transportation
and Logistics Systems, Inc. v. John Mercadante, Jr., Douglas Cerny, Sebastian Giordano, Ascentaur LLC and Transportation and Logistics
Systems, Inc . The action has been assigned Case No. 2020-CA-006581. 

The
plaintiff in this action, SCS, alleges it is a limited liability company formed by a former chief executive officer and director of TLSS,
Lawrence Sands. The complaint alleges that between April 2019 and June 2020, the immediately prior chairman and chief executive officer
of TLSS, Mercadante, the former chief development officer of TLSS, Cerny, and, since February 2020, TLSS s then restructuring consultant
who is now chairman and chief executive officer of TLSS, Giordano, breached fiduciary duties owed to the Company. Prior to becoming CEO,
Giordano rendered his services to TLSS through defendant Ascentaur LLC. 

21 

Briefly,
the complaint alleges that Mercadante breached duties to TLSS by, among other things, requesting, in mid-2019, that certain preferred
equity holders, including SCS, convert their preferred shares into Company Common Stock in order to facilitate an equity offering by
the Company and then not consummating that offering. The complaint also alleges that Mercadante and Cerny caused the Company to engage
in purportedly wasteful and unnecessary transactions such as taking merchant cash advances (MCA) on disadvantageous terms. The complaint
further alleges that Mercadante and Cerny issued themselves over two million shares of common stock without consideration. 
The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory and punitive damages on behalf of the Company for breach of fiduciary duty, negligent breach
of fiduciary duty, constructive fraud, and civil conspiracy and the appointment of a receiver or custodian for the Company. 

Company
management tendered the complaint to the Company s directors and officers liability carrier for defense and indemnity
purposes, which coverage is subject to a 250,000 self-insured retention. Each of the individual defendants and Ascentaur LLC has advised
that they vigorously deny each and every allegation of wrongdoing alleged in the complaint. Among other things, Mercadante asserts that
he made every effort to consummate an equity offering in late 2019 and early 2020 and could not do so solely because of the Company s
precarious financial condition. Mercadante also asserts that he made clear to SCS and other preferred equity holders, before they converted
their shares into common stock, that there was no guarantee the Company would be able to consummate an equity offering in late 2019 or
early 2020. In addition, Mercadante and Cerny assert that they received equity in the Company on terms that were entirely fair to the
Company and entered into MCA transactions solely because no other financing was available to the Company. 

By
order dated and issued September 15, 2022, the Circuit Judge assigned to this case dismissed the original Complaint in the matter, finding
(a) that SCS had failed to adequately allege it has standing and (b) that the complaint fails to adequately allege a cognizable claim.
The dismissal was without prejudice, meaning SCS could attempt to replead its claims. 

On
October 5, 2022, SCS filed an Amended Complaint in this action. By order dated and issued December 19, 2022, the Circuit Judge assigned
to this case once again dismissed the case, finding (a) that SCS still failed to adequately allege it has standing and (b) that the complaint
still fails to adequately allege a cognizable claim. Once again, however, the dismissal was without prejudice. 

On
January 18, 2023, SCS filed a Second Amended Complaint in this action. All defendants once again moved to dismiss the pleading or in
the alternative for summary judgment on it in their favor. The Court heard argument on that motion on March 9, 2023. As of this writing,
the parties are awaiting a ruling by the Court on the motion heard March 9, 2023. 

While
they hope to prevail on the March 9, 2023, motion, win or lose, defendants in this action advise that they believe the action to be frivolous
(a position with which we agree) and intend to mount a vigorous defense to this action. 

Owing
to the fact that no discovery has occurred in the case, however, it is not possible to evaluate the likelihood of a favorable or unfavorable
outcome, nor is it possible to estimate the amount or range of any potential loss in the matter. In a derivative case, any recovery is
to be paid to the corporation; however, the individual defendants in this case are fully indemnified by the Company unless a final judgment
is entered against them for deliberate or intentional misconduct. 

Jose
R. Mercedes-Mejia v. Shypdirect LLC et al. 

On
August 4, 2020, an action was filed against Shypdirect, Prime EFS and others in the Superior Court of New Jersey for Bergen County captioned
 Jose R. Mercedes-Mejia v. Shypdirect LLC, Prime EFS LLC et al . The case was assigned docket number BER-L-004534-20. 

In
this action, the plaintiff seeks reimbursement of his medical expenses and damages for personal injuries following an accident with a
box truck leased by Prime EFS and subleased to Shypdirect and being driven by a Prime EFS employee, in which the plaintiff s ankle
was injured. Plaintiff has thus far transmitted medical bills exceeding 789,000. Prime EFS and Shypdirect demanded their vehicle liability
carrier assume the defense of this action. To date, the carrier has not done so, allegedly inter alia because the box truck was
not on the list of insured vehicles at the time of the accident. 

On
November 9, 2020, Prime EFS and Shypdirect filed their answer to the complaint in this action and also filed a third-party action against
the insurance company in an effort to obtain defense and indemnity for this action. 

On
May 21, 2021, Prime EFS and Shypdirect also filed an action in the Supreme Court, State of New York, Suffolk County (the Suffolk
County Action ), seeking defense and indemnity for this claim from the insurance brokerage, TCE/Acrisure LLC, which sold the County
Hall insurance policy to Shypdirect. 

On
August 19, 2021, the Plaintiff filed a motion for leave to file a First Amended Complaint to name four (4) additional parties as defendants
 TLSS, Shyp CX, Inc., Shyp FX, Inc. and Cougar Express, Inc. In the claim against TLSS, Plaintiff seeks to pierce the corporate
veil and hold TLSS responsible for the alleged liabilities of Prime and/or Shypdirect as the supposed alter ego of these subsidiaries.
In the claims against Shyp CX, Inc., Shyp FX, Inc. and Cougar Express, Inc., Plaintiff seeks to hold these entities responsible for the
alleged liabilities of Prime and/or Shypdirect on a successor liability theory. 

On
September 16, 2021, each of these entities filed papers in opposition to this motion. 

On
September 24, 2021, the Court granted Plaintiff s motion for leave to amend the complaint, thus adding TLSS, Shyp CX, Inc., Shyp
FX, Inc. and Cougar Express, Inc. as Defendants. 

On
October 22, 2021, Acrisure stipulated to consolidate the Suffolk County Action into and with the Bergen County action. 

22 

On
November 22, 2021, all Defendants filed their Answer to the First Amended Complaint. On November 3, 2021, Prime EFS and Shypdirect refiled
their Third-Party Complaint against TCI/Acrisure in the Bergen County action. On December 23, 2021, Acrisure filed its Answer to the
Third-Party Complaint, denying its material allegations. 

On
March 2, 2022, Plaintiff sought and was granted leave to file a Second Amended Complaint, bringing claims against Prime and Shypdirect s
vehicle liability carrier, County Hall (for discovery) as well as the producing broker, TCE/Acrisure. Plaintiff also asserted additional
alter ego allegations against TLSS. 

On
February 15, 2023, Plaintiff filed a motion for leave to file a Third Amended Complaint in this action, seeking to assert claims against
TLSS s former CEO, John Mercadante, also on a pierce the corporate veil theory. On March 9, 2023, TLSS, Prime and
Shypdirect opposed the motion for leave to add Mercadante, arguing that any claim against Mercadante would be both futile and time-barred.
As of this writing, defendants are awaiting Plaintiff s reply papers and an argument date from the Court on this motion. 

Under
the currently operative pre-trial order, entered October 4, 2022, all discovery in this case must be concluded by June 30, 2023. In January
and February, 2023, numerous depositions were taken in the case, including those of Messrs. Giordano and Mercadante. 

TLSS
intends to vigorously defend itself in this action and to pursue the third-party actions, in the name and right of Prime and Shypdirect,
against both County Hall and TCE/ Acrisure. 

Under
a so-called MCS-90 reimbursement endorsement to the County Hall policy, TLSS believes that Prime and Shypdirect may have up to 750,000
in coverage under a 1980 federal law under which County Hall is require[d] to pay damages for certain claims or suits 
that are not covered by the policy. See Endorsement CHI 290 (02/19) to County Hall policy effective May 31, 2019.) 

Under
New Jersey law, it is well established that a corporation is a separate entity from its shareholder(s) and a primary reason for incorporation
is the insulation of shareholders from the liabilities of the corporate enterprise. 

The
New Jersey Supreme Court in Richard A. Pulaski Const. Co. v. Air Frame Hangars, Inc. , 195 N.J. 457, 472 73 (2008) held that,
in light of the fundamental propositions that a corporation is a separate entity from its shareholders, and that a primary reason
for incorporation is the insulation of shareholders from the liabilities of the corporate enterprise, courts will not pierce a
corporate veil [e]xcept in cases of fraud, injustice, or the like... (citations omitted). The New Jersey Supreme
Court further held that: 

The
limitations placed on a claimant s ability to reach behind a corporate structure are intentional, as [t]he purpose of the
doctrine of piercing the corporate veil is to prevent an independent corporation from being used to defeat the ends of justice, to perpetrate
fraud, to accomplish a crime, or otherwise to evade the law[.] (citations omitted). Hence, to invoke that form of relief, the
party seeking an exception to the fundamental principle that a corporation is a separate entity from its principal bears the burden of
proving that the court should disregard the corporate entity. . 

The
purpose of piercing the corporate veil is thus to prevent an independent corporation from being used to defeat the ends of justice, perpetrate
fraud, to accomplish a crime, or otherwise to evade the law. 

To
pierce the corporate veil and impute alter ego liability on TLSS for the alleged torts of Prime, Shypdirect and/or their agents, employees
and servants, the Plaintiff herein would have to establish: (1) that Prime and Shypdirect were utterly dominated by TLSS
and (2) that respecting the separate corporate existences of the subsidiaries would perpetrate a fraud or injustice, or otherwise circumvent
the law. FDASmart, Inc. v. Dishman Pharmaceuticals and Chemicals, Ltd., et al. , 448 N.J. Super. 195, 204 (App. Div. 2016). A plaintiff
must satisfy this burden by clear and convincing evidence. 

To
determine whether the first element has been satisfied, courts consider whether the parent company so dominated the subsidiary that the
latter had no separate existence but was merely a conduit for the parent. In considering the level of dominance exercised by the parent
over the subsidiary, the court will consider factors such as common ownership, financial dependency, interference with a subsidiary s
selection of personnel, disregard of corporate formalities, and control over a subsidiary s marketing and operational policies. 

To
date, to the best of the undersigned s knowledge, information and belief, no discovery has been taken in this action which would
permit the imposition of alter ego liability on TLSS for the subject accident. 

To
date, to the best of the undersigned s knowledge, information and belief, no discovery has been taken in this action which would
permit the imposition of successor liability on Shyp CX, Inc., Shyp FX, Inc. and/or Cougar Express, Inc. for the subject accident. 

However,
owing to the early stage of this heavily litigated action, we cannot evaluate the likelihood of an adverse outcome or estimate the Company s
liability, if any, in connection with this claim. 

Holdover
Proceeding 

On
February 16, 2022, the landlord for the leased premises from which Cougar Express previously conducted its Valley Stream New York business,
Airport Park LLC Airport ), filed an action to evict and for unpaid holdover rent against Cougar Express and TLSS. The
case was No. LT-000550-22/NA, filed in Landlord Tenant Court in Nassau County District Court. 

In
the case, Airport sought to evict Cougar Express forthwith and to collect 51,079.78 for each month of holdover occupancy starting January
1, 2022 through the month of any eviction, plus statutory interest, costs and attorneys fees. 51,079.78 is twice the monthly
rent collected in the last year of the expired lease and was computed correctly under the holdover provision in the expired lease. 

By
stipulation filed with the Court on May 19, 2022, this matter was settled and terminated. Pursuant to the settlement, Cougar agreed to
pay, and paid, certain unpaid common charges of 8,016.25 and monthly rent at a rate of 33,275 per month until Cougar vacated the premises.
Cougar also agreed to vacate the Valley Stream premises by September 30, 2022. Following Cougar s acquisition of JFK Cartage, Cougar
was able to vacate, and vacated, the Valley Stream location by September 30, 2022. 

23 

Since
the May 2022 settlement and Cougar s vacating the subject premises in timely fashion, we have not received any further communications
concerning this matter. We therefore view the matter as closed and terminated. 

COR
Holdings, LLC 

In
the second quarter of 2022, COR Holdings LLC, a lender to the Company s former Prime EFS subsidiary, made an informal (email) demand
that it be issued 3,882,480 shares of Company common stock in exchange for an alleged 97,062 balance due. The Company had, pursuant
to a debt conversion rights agreement dated August 28, 2020, granted COR a one-year option to exchange the debt at 0.025 per share of
Company common stock; however, COR never exercised that option prior to its expiration on August 28, 2021. The Company believes, on advice
of counsel, that COR s sole remedy for the unpaid debt is through Prime EFS s Assignment for Benefit of Creditors proceeding
in New Jersey. Therefore, if COR chooses to pursue this claim against the Company, the Company intends to oppose it vigorously. However,
because no formal claim has been filed, we cannot evaluate the likelihood of an adverse outcome or estimate the Company s liability,
if any, in connection with this claim. 

Ryder
Truck Rental, Inc. 

In
the first quarter of 2022, an attorney representing Ryder Truck Rental issued a letter to certain former officers and employees of the
Company s former Shypdirect subsidiary, demanding payment of 308,240.65 under certain open invoices for trucks leased by Shypdirect,
 1,141,211.55 in certain additional charges under a 2018 contract, and 434,835.66 in attorney s fees. Solely to avoid the expense
and distraction of litigation, including without limitation, certain alter ego and derivative liability claims alleged by Ryder, on August
5, 2022, the Company, pursuant to a Settlement Agreement and Mutual General Releases dated August 2, 2022, paid Ryder 6,500 in full
and final settlement. The release of claims executed by Ryder covers, among others, TLSS and all its former and current subsidiaries,
directors, officers and employees as well as all former members and managers of Shypdirect. 

Since
the August 2022 settlement, we have not received any further communications concerning this matter. We therefore view the matter as closed
and terminated. 

Maria
Lugo v. JFK Cartage 

The
Company s JFK Cartage, Inc. subsidiary is one of three (3) defendants in an action captioned Maria Lugo v. JFK Cartage, Inc.
d/b/a Fifth Dimension Logistix, Joan Ton, individually, and Chris Bartley, individually . The case is pending in Supreme Court, State
of New York, Queens County, Index No. 704862/2022. 

In
this action, which was filed March 4, 2022, a former employee of JFK Cartage alleges that she suffered discrimination and retaliation
in violation of the New York City Human Rights Law and the New York State Human Rights Law. The former employee alleges that on December
28, 2021, she had Covid-19 symptoms, advised the defendants she was feeling ill and went home early to take a home test. She further
alleges that on December 30, 2021, she tested positive for Covid-19 and informed defendants she had to isolate for ten (10) days. Plaintiff
alleges that she returned to work on January 7, 2022, but that her employment was terminated later that day by defendant Bartley who
 questioned the authenticity of the at-home test, accusing her of fraud. Plaintiff claims her employment was terminated
due to her disability (a Covid-19 infection) and in retaliation for her requesting reasonable accommodation for the illness she suffered. 
She seeks unspecified compensatory damages, including lost pay and benefits, punitive damages and attorneys fees. 

On
December 16, 2022, all defendants filed an answer and affirmative defenses, denying all claims for statutory violations. The case is
currently in discovery. The conduct alleged in the complaint occurred prior to the Company s July 31, 2022, acquisition of JFK
Cartage, Inc. The Company believes that, in relation to this action, it has a right to full indemnification from the selling stockholder
(including for attorneys fees) as well as set-off rights against notes payable to the selling stockholder. 

Owing
to (among other things) the fact that discovery in this action has just begun, it is not possible to evaluate the likelihood of a favorable
or unfavorable outcome, nor is it possible to estimate the amount or range of any potential loss in the matter. 

Elaine
Pryor v. Rocio Perez, et al. 

The
Company s Freight Connections, Inc. subsidiary FCI is one of three (3) named defendants in an action captioned Elaine
Pryor v. Rocio Perez, North Trucking Logistics, LLC and Freight Connections, Inc. The case is pending in Superior Court of
New Jersey, Essex County, Docket No. ESX-L-5147-18. 

In
this action, which was filed in 2018, plaintiff alleges that on February 1, 2017, she suffered personal injuries in a collision
between her motor vehicle and a truck operated by a then employee of FCI. Plaintiff alleges that the truck was owned by FCI and leased to North Trucking Logistics at the time. 

24 

At present,
there are two other actions pending related to insurance coverage for the accident. They are Acceptance Indemnity Insurance Company
v. Freight Connections, LLC (Superior Court of New Jersey, Essex County, Docket No. ESX-L-7144-19) and New Jersey Manufacturers
Insurance Company, as subrogee of Elaine Pryor v. Acceptance Indemnity Insurance Company (Superior Court of New Jersey, Essex County,
Docket No. ESX-L-5120). These two actions involving insurance coverage questions have been consolidated with the Pryor personal
injury claim. 

In an
opinion issued November 16, 2022, the court denied all parties motions for summary judgment on the insurance coverage issues. 

The conduct
alleged in the Pryor complaint occurred prior to the Company s September 16, 2022 acquisition of FCI. The selling
stockholder of FCI has advised the Company that the truck in question was not owned by FCI at the time of the accident. The Company
is currently investigating this issue as well as who the driver s employer was at the time of the accident. 

Owing to
(among other things) the above uncertainties, it is not possible to evaluate the likelihood of a favorable or unfavorable outcome,
nor is it possible to estimate the amount or range of any potential loss in the matter. 

Other
than discussed above, as of December 31, 2022, and as of the date of this filing, there were no pending or threatened lawsuits that could
reasonably be expected to have a material effect on results of our operations. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our
Common Stock was quoted on the OTC Pink market under the symbol PTRA through August 13, 2018 and TLSS beginning
on August 14, 2018. On September 1, 2021, the Company was upgraded to the OTCQB Market. On May 23, 2022, we received notice from OTC
Markets Group that as the Company s bid price has closed below 0.01 for more than 30 consecutive calendar days, it no longer meets
the Standards for Continued Eligibility for OTCQB as per the OTCQB Standards, Section 2.3(2), which states that the Company must maintain
proprietary priced quotations published by a Market Maker in OTC Link with a minimum closing bid price of .01 per share on at least
one of the prior thirty consecutive calendar days. We were informed further that, as per Section 4.1 of the OTCQB Standards, the
Company will be granted a cure period of 90 calendar days during which the minimum closing bid price for the Company s common stock
must be .01 or greater for ten consecutive trading days in order to continue trading on the OTCQB marketplace. Since this requirement
was not met by August 21, 2022, on August 21, 2022, we were removed from the OTCQB Marketplace and our common stock is quoted on the
OTC Pink Tier. We chose not to reverse split our common stock and, instead, to await the results of the achievement of our business plan
for acquisitions and financings, which, if successful, may result in an increase in the share price of our common stock, enabling us
to reapply for re-listing on the OTCQB. 

Trading
in OTC Pink Tier stocks can be volatile, sporadic, and risky, as thinly traded stocks tend to move more rapidly in price than more liquid
securities. Such trading may also depress the market price of our common stock and make it difficult for our stockholders to resell their
common stock. The following table reflects the high and low bid price for our common stock for the period indicated. The bid information,
during the period that our Common Stock was quoted on the OTC Pink market, was obtained from the OTC Markets Group, Inc. and reflects
inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, markdown, or commission, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Quarter 
 High 
 Low 
 
 Fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 
 First 
 0.0180 
 0.0102 

Second 
 0.0112 
 0.0042 

Third 
 0.0085 
 0.0051 

Fourth 
 0.0060 
 0.0033 

Quarter 
 High 
 Low 
 
 Fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 
 First 
 0.095 
 0.030 

Second 
 0.035 
 0.013 

Third 
 0.035 
 0.014 

Fourth 
 0.029 
 0.013 

25 

Holders 

As
of March 29, 2023, there were 100 record holders of our common stock, and there were 3,664,518,950
shares of our common stock outstanding. 

Dividends 

We
have not previously declared or paid any dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable
future. The payment of dividends on our common stock is within the discretion of our board of directors. We intend to retain any earnings
for use in our operations and the expansion of our business. Payment of dividends in the future will depend on our future earnings, future
capital needs and our operating and financial condition, among other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. We are not
under any contractual restriction as to our present or future ability to pay dividends. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
Company does not currently have any equity compensation plans. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On
January 3, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors granted the chief operating officer 21,634,615 shares of its common stock which
were valued at 90,865, or 0.0042 per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement
date. These shares will vest in equal quarterly installments with the first installment of 5,408,653 shares vesting on March 31, 2023,
and 5,408,654 common shares vesting each quarter through December 31, 2023. In connection with these shares, the Company valued these
common shares at a fair value of 90,865 and will record stock-based compensation expense over the one year vesting period. 

The
securities described in this section were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data. 

A
smaller reporting company is not required to provide the information in this Item. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Statements
made in this Form 10-K that are not historical or current facts are forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe
harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These statements often can be identified
using terms such as may, will, expect, believe, anticipate, estimate, 
 approximate or continue, or the negative thereof. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject
to the safe harbors for such statements. We wish to caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements,
which speak only as of the date made. Any forward-looking statements represent management s best judgment as to what may occur
in the future. However, forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and important factors beyond our control that
could cause actual results and events to differ materially from historical results of operations and events and those presently anticipated
or projected. Factors that may affect the results of our operations include, among others: our ability to successfully execute our business
strategies, including integration of acquisitions and the future acquisition of other businesses to grow our Company; customers 
cancellation on short notice of master service agreements from which we derive a significant portion of our revenue or our failure to
renew such master service agreements on favorable terms or at all; our ability to attract and retain key personnel and skilled labor
to meet the requirements of our labor-intensive business or labor difficulties which could have an effect on our ability to bid for and
successfully complete contracts; the ultimate geographic spread, duration and severity of the coronavirus outbreak and the effectiveness
of actions taken, or actions that may be taken, by governmental authorities to contain the outbreak or ameliorate its effects; our failure
to compete effectively in our highly competitive industry, which could reduce the number of new contracts awarded to us or adversely
affect our market share and harm our financial performance; our ability to adopt and master new technologies and adjust certain fixed
costs and expenses to adapt to our industry s and customers evolving demands; our history of losses, deficiency in working
capital and a stockholders deficit and our inability to achieve sustained profitability; material weaknesses in our internal control
over financial reporting and our ability to maintain effective controls over financial reporting in the future; our substantial indebtedness,
which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to meet our payment obligations;
the impact of new or changed laws, regulations or other industry standards that could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business;
and changes in general market, economic, social and political conditions in the United States and global economies or financial markets,
including those resulting from natural or man-made disasters. 

Other
important factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements in this document include,
but are not limited to, those discussed in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this report and as set forth from time to time in our other public filings
and public statements. You should read this report in its entirety and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially
different from what we expect. We may not update these forward-looking statements, even in the event that our situation changes in the
future, except as required by law. All forward-looking statements attributable to us are expressly qualified by these cautionary statements. 

26 

Risks
and uncertainties 

We
maintain our cash in bank and financial institution deposits that at times may exceed federally insured limits. On December 31, 2022,
cash in bank in excess of FDIC insured levels amounted to approximately 1,143,000. On March 12, 2023, Signature Bank, our financial
institution, was closed by its state chartering authority, the New York State Department of Financial Services. On that same date the
FDIC was appointed as receiver and transferred all the deposits and substantially all of the assets of Signature Bank to Signature Bridge
Bank, N.A., a full-service bank that is being operated by the FDIC. At the time of closing, the Company had all of its cash at Signature
Bank. Based upon the announcement on March 12, 2023, from the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Federal Reserve and the FDIC,
the Company expected to have access to all of its deposits at Signature Bank. We did not lose access to our accounts or experience interruptions
in banking services, and we suffered no losses with respect to our deposits at Signature Bank as a result of the bank s closure.
Normal banking activities resumed on Monday, March 13, 2023. We are currently looking at additional banking options to ensure that our
exposure is limited or reduced to the FDIC protection limits. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic and resulting global disruptions have affected our businesses, as well as those of our customers and their third-party
suppliers and sellers. To serve our customers while also providing for the safety of our employees and service providers, we have adapted
numerous aspects of our logistics and transportation processes. We continue to monitor the rapidly evolving situation and expect to continue
to adapt our operations to address federal, state, and local standards as well as to implement standards or processes that we determine
to be in the best interests of our employees, customers, and communities. 

The
impact of the pandemic and actions taken in response to it had some effects on our results of operations. Effects of the pandemic have
included increased fulfillment costs, primarily due to investments in employee hiring, pay, and benefits, as well as costs to maintain
safe workplaces, and higher shipping costs. We expect to continue to be affected by possible procurement and shipping delays, supply
chain interruptions, higher product demand in certain categories, lower product demand in other categories, and increased fulfillment
costs and cost of sales as a percentage of net sales and it is not possible to determine the duration and spread of the pandemic or such
actions, the ultimate impact on our results of operations during 2022, or whether other currently unanticipated consequences of the pandemic
are reasonably likely to materially affect our results of operations. 

Overview 

Transportation
and Logistics Systems, Inc. TLSS or the Company is a publicly-traded holding company. Our active wholly-owned
operating subsidiaries, Cougar Express, Freight Connections, JFK Cartage, and Severance Trucking Co., Inc. (acquired in 2023, along with
Severance Warehousing, Inc. and McGrath Leasing, Inc., together Severance Trucking), together provide a full suite of logistics and transportation
services, specializing in ecommerce fulfillment, last
mile deliveries, two-person home delivery, mid-mile, and long-haul services. Such entities operate several warehouse locations located
in New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and Massachusetts. Inactive subsidiaries include: TLSSA, Shyp CX, Shyp FX, TLSS-FC, TLSS-STI. 

Between
June 18, 2018 and September 30, 2020, we operated through two New Jersey-based subsidiaries. Those subsidiaries were Prime EFS, LLC,
which conducted a last-mile business focused on deliveries to retail consumers for our primary customer in New York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania Prime EFS ), and Shypdirect, LLC Shypdirect ), which formed in July 2018 and focused on, and conducted, our
long-haul and mid-mile delivery businesses. 

We
are primarily an asset-based point-to-point delivery company. An asset-based delivery company, as compared to a non-asset-based delivery
company, owns its own transportation equipment and employs its own drivers. As of December 31, 2022, through our active subsidiaries,
we owned approximately 32 vehicles consisting of trucks, box trucks and vans, 14 trailers, and 15 forklifts, while employing approximately 23 drivers. 

In
addition, our operations utilize the services of independent contractors, who generally use their own vehicles, on an as needed basis. 

Since
exiting the Amazon business, we have pursued a growth by acquisitions strategy as set forth below and as such, continues to pursue potential
acquisition opportunities. 

Between
June 18, 2018 and September 30, 2020, we operated through Prime EFS and Shypdirect. The great bulk of Prime EFS s business prior
to September 30, 2020 was conducted pursuant to the Delivery Service Provider program (the Prime EFS DSP Program of Amazon
Logistics, Inc., a subsidiary of Amazon.com, Inc. Amazon ). In June 2020, Amazon gave notice to Prime EFS that Amazon would
not be renewing the Prime EFS DSP Program agreement when that agreement terminated effective September 30, 2020. Prime EFS ceased operations
on September 30, 2020 due to Amazon s non-renewal of the Prime EFS DSP Program. Shypdirect conducted its business as a carrier
under a relay program service agreement with Amazon (the Program Agreement ). On July 17, 2020, Amazon notified Shypdirect
that Amazon had elected to terminate the Program Agreement, effective as of November 14, 2020 (the Shypdirect Termination Notice ).
On August 3, 2020, Amazon offered to withdraw the Shypdirect Termination Notice and extend the term of the Program Agreement to and including
May 14, 2021 (the Aug. 3 Proposal ). On August 4, 2020, the Company, Prime EFS and Shypdirect accepted the Aug. 3 Proposal.
The Program Agreement expired on May 14, 2021. In June 2021, Shypdirect ceased its tractor trailer and box truck delivery services to
Amazon, and in July 2021, Shypdirect ceased all operations. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, two customers represented 22.8 of the Company s total net revenues (11.9 and 10.9 , respectively).
For the year ended December 31, 2021, four customers represented 74.5 (28.5 , 21.6 , 12.5 and 11.9 , respectively) of the Company s
total net revenues, respectively. Approximately 28.5 of our revenue of 5,495,146 for the year ended December 31, 2021 was attributable
to Shypdirect s now terminated mid-mile and long-haul business with Amazon. The termination of the Prime EFS last-mile business
with Amazon on September 30, 2020 had a material adverse impact on the operations of Prime EFS beginning in the 4 th fiscal
quarter of 2020 and the termination of Shypdirect s Amazon mid-mile and long-haul business, which was effective on or about May
14, 2021, had a material adverse impact on operations of Shypdirect beginning in the 2 nd fiscal quarter of 2021. This impact
caused Prime EFS and Shypdirect to become insolvent and to cease operations. 

On
August 16, 2021, Prime EFS and Shypdirect, executed Deeds of Assignment for the Benefit of Creditors in the State of New Jersey pursuant
to N.J.S.A. 2A:19-1, et seq. (the ABC Statute ), assigning all Prime EFS and Shypdirect assets to Terri Jane Freedman
as Assignee for the Benefit of Creditors (the Assignee and filing for dissolution. An Assignment for the Benefit
of Creditors, general assignment or ABC in New Jersey is a state-law, voluntary, judicially-supervised
corporate liquidation and unwinding similar to the Chapter 7 bankruptcy process found in the United States Bankruptcy Code. In an ABC,
debtor companies, here Prime EFS and Shypdirect, together referred to as the Assignors, execute Deeds of Assignment, assigning
all of their assets to the Assignee chosen by the Company, who acts as a fiduciary similar to a Chapter 7 trustee in bankruptcy. On September
7, 2021, the ABCs were filed with the Bergen County Clerk in Bergen County, New Jersey and filed with the Surrogate Court in the appropriate
county, initiating a judicial proceeding. The Assignee has been charged with liquidating the assets for the benefit of the Prime EFS
and Shypdirect creditors pursuant to the provisions of the ABC Statute. 

27 

As
a result of Prime EFS and Shypdirect s filing of the executed Deeds of Assignment for the Benefit of Creditors on September 7,
2021, the Assignee assumed all authority to manage Prime EFS or Shypdirect. Additionally, Prime EFS and Shypdirect no longer conduct
any business and are not permitted by the Assignee and ABC Statute to conduct any business. For these reasons, effective September 7,
2021, we relinquished control of Prime EFS and Shypdirect. Therefore, we deconsolidated Prime EFS and Shypdirect effective with the filing
of executed Deeds of Assignment for the Benefit of Creditors in September 2021. Further, on October 13, 2021, Prime EFS and Shypdirect
filed for dissolution with the Secretary of State of New Jersey. Our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 include the results of Prime EFS and Shypdirect prior to the September 7, 2021 filing of the executed Deeds of Assignment for the
Benefit of Creditors with the State of New Jersey. 

On
November 13, 2020, we formed a wholly owned subsidiary, Shyp FX, a company incorporated under the laws of the State of New Jersey. On
January 15, 2021, through Shyp FX, we executed an APA and closed a transaction to acquire substantially all of the assets and certain
liabilities of DDTI, a northern New Jersey-based logistics provider specializing in servicing Federal Express over the past 25 years,
including last-mile delivery services using vans and box trucks. The purchase price was 100,000 of cash and a promissory note of 400,000.
The principal assets involved in the acquisition were vehicles for cargo transport, system equipment for vehicle tracking and navigation
of vehicles, and delivery route rights together with assumption of associated customer relationships. We concluded that the operations
of Shyp FX, which is exclusively dedicated to servicing Federal Express routes in northern New Jersey, no longer fit into our long-term
growth plans. Shyp FX sold substantially all its asset and specific liabilities in a transaction that closed in June 2022. 

On
November 16, 2020, we formed a wholly owned subsidiary, TLSSA, a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware. On March
24, 2021, TLSSA acquired all the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Cougar Express, a New York-based full-service logistics
provider specializing in pickup, warehousing, and delivery services in the tri-state area. The purchase price was 2,000,000 of cash
plus cash for the acquisition of security deposits, a cash payment equal to 50 of the difference between cash and accounts receivable
acquired and accounts payable assumed, less the assumption of truck loans and leases, and a promissory note of 350,000. The previous
owner of Cougar Express is barred from competing with the Cougar Express business for five years. Cougar Express was a family-owned full-service
transportation business that has been in operation for more than 30 years providing one-to-four person deliveries and offering white
glove services. It utilizes its own fleet of trucks, warehouse/driver/office personnel and on-call subcontractors from its convenient
and secure New York JFK airport area location, allowing it to pick-up and deliver throughout the New York tri-state area. Cougar Express
serves a diverse base of approximately 50 commercial accounts, which are freight forwarders that work with some of the most notable retail
businesses in the country. We believe that the acquisition of Cougar Express fits our current business plan, given Cougar Express s
demographic location, services offered, and diversified customer base, and given that it would provide us with a long-standing, well-run
profitable operation as a step to begin replacing the revenue it lost as a result of Amazon terminating its delivery service provider
business. Furthermore, we believe that, because Cougar Express is strategically based in New York and serves the tri-state area, organic
growth opportunities will be available for expanding its footprint into our primary base of operations in New Jersey, as well as efficiencies
that could be derived by leveraging Shypdirect s operational capabilities. 

On
February 21, 2021, the Company formed a wholly owned subsidiary, Shyp CX, a company incorporated under the laws of the State of New York.
Shyp CX does not engage in any revenue-generating operations and is currently inactive. 

On
August 4, 2022, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Cougar Express, closed on its acquisition of all outstanding stock of JFK
Cartage, a New York-based full-service logistics provider specializing in pickup, warehousing and delivery services in the tri-state
area. Joan Ton, the sole shareholder of JFK Cartage, from whom the shares were acquired, is an unrelated party (the JFK Cartage
Seller ). The effective date of the acquisition was July 31, 2022. JFK Cartage operates from a 31,000 square foot warehouse with
ten drive-in doors and is strategically located approximately six miles from JFK International Airport. JFK Cartage has been in business
since 2008 and has been providing warehousing, cross-dock services, pickup and deliveries, and general trucking, handling airfreight,
trade show freight, expedited and hotshot demand work, LTL/cartage as well as FTL, reverse logistics, white glove and residential delivery
services to a broad base of over 95 commercial accounts and residential customers. JFK Cartage operates a wide-ranging fleet of specialty
vehicles, from its Sprinter vans to full 53-ft. tractor trailers. JFK Cartage, with its assets, fleet and warehouse is believed to be
one of the largest leading cartage agents serving the New York Tri-State area. Pursuant to the Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement with
Cougar Express and JFK Cartage dated May 24, 2022, the purchase price was 1,700,000, subject to certain adjustments. The Company: (i)
paid 405,712 in cash at closing; and (ii) JFK Cartage entered into a 696,935 promissory note with the JFK Cartage Seller, 98,448 of
which is payable weekly, in the amount of 25 of accounts receivable collected, but in any event, no later than October 4, 2022, with
the remaining balance of 598,487, payable in three annual installments of 199,496, with interest at 5.0 percent per annum on July
31, 2023, July 31, 2024 and July 31, 2025, respectively. As of the date of this report, the 98,448 has not been paid. Additionally,
Cougar Express agreed to pay the 503,065 Small Business Administration SBA loan that existed on the books of JFK Cartage,
which was paid in August 2022; and (iv) agreed to pay certain accrued liabilities and other notes payable that exists on the books of
JFK Cartage. For accounting purposes, the total purchase consideration paid, after closing adjustments, was deemed to be 1,102,647,
which includes cash of 405,712 plus the 696,935 promissory note that is in the name of JFK Cartage. The purchase consideration amount
did not include the SBA loan of 503,065 and accrued liabilities and other notes payable which were treated as assumed liabilities in
the purchase price allocation. 

Effective
September 16, 2022, the Company s newly formed wholly-owned subsidiary, TLSS-FC, closed on an acquisition of all outstanding stock
of Freight Connections, a company offering an array of transportation, warehousing, consolidating, distribution, and local cartage services
throughout the New York tri-state area. Joseph Corbisiero, the sole shareholder of Freight Connections, from whom the shares were acquired
(the Freight Connections Seller ), is an unrelated party. Freight Connections was founded in 2016 and is a transportation
and logistics carrier headquartered in Ridgefield Park, New Jersey. Freight Connections currently operates with 30 power units and 50
trailers, including dry vans, pups, flatbeds, step decks, and double drop trailers out of three buildings in the area with 200,000 square
feet of warehouse and cross dock space, strategically located within one mile of each other. Freight Connections offers customers an
array of services including truckload, LTL, and consolidating of cartage, construction-trade, air, and rail freight, as well as warehousing
and distribution services. Prior to the closing, the Company, TLSSA and Freight Connections Seller entered into an amendment to their
Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of May 23, 2022 (the Amended SPA ), and TLSSA assigned its interest in the Amended
SPA to TLSS-FC. Pursuant to the Amended SPA, the total purchase price was 9,365,000, subject to certain adjustments. TLSS-FC: (i) paid
 1,525,000 in cash at closing, (ii) Freight Connections entered into a 4,544,671 secured promissory note with the Freight Connections
Seller, with interest accruing at the rate of 5 per annum and then 10 per annum as of March 1, 2023 (The entire unpaid principal under
the note, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon and all other amounts payable thereunder, shall be due and payable in
one balloon payment on December 31, 2023, unless paid sooner. The promissory note is secured solely by the assets of Freight Connections),
and (iii) assumed certain debt. The Company issued to the Freight Connections Seller 178,911,844 shares of the Company s common
stock and 32,374 shares of the Company s Series H preferred stock which is convertible into an aggregate of 323,740,000 shares
of the Company s common stock based on a conversion of 10,000 shares of common stock for each share of Series H preferred stock
outstanding. The common stock and the as if converted number of Series H preferred stock were valued at 0.0059 per share based on the
quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date, for an aggregate fair value of 2,965,646. The number
of shares was calculated as follows: (a) shares of common stock of the Company equal to no more than 4.99 of the number of shares of
common stock outstanding immediately after such issuance, and (b) the balance of the shares in Series H Convertible Preferred Stock,
a new series of non-voting, convertible preferred stock issuable to sellers in connection with acquisitions or strategic transactions
approved by a majority of the directors of the Company. TLSS-FC agreed to pay certain accrued liabilities and other notes payable that
exists on the books of Freight Connections and agreed to pay the 4,544,671 secured promissory note which is in the name of Freight Connections.
For accounting purposes, the total purchase consideration paid, after closing adjustments, was deemed to be 9,035,317 which includes
(i) cash paid of 1,525,000, (ii) the aggregate fair value of common shares and Series H preferred shares issued to Freight Connections
Seller of 2,965,646, and (iii) the 4,544,671 secured promissory note in the name of Freight Connections. The purchase consideration
amount does not include accrued liabilities and other notes payable which were treated as assumed liabilities in the purchase price allocation. 

28 

Effective
February 3, 2023, our newly formed wholly-owned subsidiary, TLSS-STI, closed on an acquisition of all outstanding stock of Severance
Trucking Co., Inc., Severance Warehousing, Inc. and McGrath Trailer Leasing, Inc., which together, offer LTL trucking services throughout
New England (collectively, Severance Trucking ), with an effective date as of the close of business on January 31 2023.
The sellers of the stock of each entity were Kathryn Boyd, Clyde Severance, and Robert Severance, all individuals (the Sellers ).
None of the Sellers are affiliated with the Company or its affiliates. Severance is a privately-owned full-service transportation carrier
and logistics business that has been in operation for over 100 years specializing in LTL trucking that provides next day service to major
cities in New England and New York, with cartage and interline agreements with respected carriers that ensure reliable deliveries anywhere
in the United States and Canada. With annual revenues of over 13.0 million in 2022, Severance currently operates with over 120 power
units and trailers and has two locations, comprised of approximately 18,000 square feet of warehouse and cross dock space, 9,000 square
feet of office and 5,750 square feet of repair facilities located in Dracut, Massachusetts and approximately 16,000 square feet of warehouse
space in North Haven, Connecticut. The total purchase price was 2,250,000. TLSS-STI: (i) paid 365,613 in cash at closing and paid closing
expenses of 158,700; (ii) assumed and paid off 152,748 in vehicle debt; and (iii) entered into a 1,572,939 secured promissory note
with the Seller, with interest accruing at the rate of 12 per annum. The entire unpaid principal under the note, shall be due and payable
in three (3) equal payments on August 1, 2023, February 1, 2024, and August 1, 2024, respectively, together with all accrued and unpaid
interest thereunder, unless paid sooner. The promissory note is secured solely by the assets of Severance and a corporate guaranty from
TLSS. The purchase price is subject to a post-closing adjustment, up or down, determined by the amount by which Severance working capital
as of the close of business on January 31, 2023, exceeds or falls short of the target working capital, as of September 30, 2022, on which
the purchase price was calculated. 

The
following discussion highlights the results of our operations and the principal factors that have affected the Company s consolidated
financial condition as well as its liquidity and capital resources for the periods described and provides information that management
believes is relevant for an assessment and understanding of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations presented
herein. The following discussion and analysis are based on the consolidated financial statements contained in this Annual Report, which
have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. You should read the discussion and
analysis together with such consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Significant Accounting Estimates 

The
methods, estimates, and judgments that we use in applying our accounting policies have a significant impact on the results that we report
in our consolidated financial statements. Some of our accounting policies require us to make difficult and subjective
judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates regarding matters that are inherently uncertain. Significant estimates included
in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and footnotes include the valuation of accounts receivable,
the useful life of property and equipment, the valuation of intangible assets, the valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed,
the valuation of right of use assets and related liabilities, assumptions used in assessing impairment of long-lived assets, estimates
of current and deferred income taxes and deferred tax valuation allowances, the fair value of non-cash equity transactions, the valuation
of derivative liabilities, the valuation of beneficial conversion features, and the value of claims against the Company. 

We
have identified the accounting policies below as critical to our business operation: 

Accounts
receivable 

Accounts
receivable are presented net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated
losses. The Company reviews the accounts receivable on a periodic basis and makes general and specific allowances when there is doubt
as to the collectability of individual balances. In evaluating the collectability of individual receivable balances, the Company considers
many factors, including the age of the balance, a customer s historical payment history, its current credit worthiness, and current
economic trends. Accounts are written off after exhaustive efforts at collection. 

Business
acquisitions 

We
account for business acquisitions using the
acquisition method of accounting where the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recognized based on their respective
estimated fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the net assets acquired is recorded as
goodwill. Determining the fair value of certain acquired assets and liabilities is subjective in nature and often involves the use
of significant estimates and assumptions, including, but not limited to, the selection of appropriate valuation methodology,
projected revenue, expenses, and cash flows, weighted average cost of capital, discount rates, and estimates of terminal values.
Business acquisitions are included in our consolidated financial statements as of the date of the acquisition. 

Property
and equipment 

Property
and equipment are stated at cost and are depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives of one to twenty
years. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the useful life or lease term including scheduled renewal terms. Revenue
equipment acquired through acquisitions is generally revalued to current market values as of the acquisition date. Assets obtained more
than a year prior to the acquisition by the acquired company are depreciated on a straight-line basis aligned with the remaining period
of expected use, whereas those obtained less than a year prior are depreciated consistent with newly purchased assets. In addition to
purchasing new revenue equipment, the Company may rebuild the engines of its tractors. Because rebuilding an engine increases its useful
life, the Company capitalizes these costs and depreciates the cost over the remaining useful life of the unit. Maintenance and repairs
are charged to expense as incurred. When assets are retired or disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the
accounts, and any resulting gains or losses are included in income in the year of disposition. The Company examines the possibility of
decreases in the value of these assets when events or changes in circumstances reflect the fact that their recorded value may not be
recoverable. 

29 

Goodwill
and other intangible assets 

Intangible
assets are carried at cost less accumulated amortization, computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life, less
any impairment charges. 

The
Company s business acquisitions typically result in the recording of goodwill and other intangible assets, which affect the amount
of amortization expense and possibly impairment write-downs that the Company may incur in future periods. 

Goodwill
represents the excess of the purchase price paid over the fair value of the net assets acquired in business acquisitions. Goodwill is
subject to impairment tests at least annually. The Company reviews the carrying amounts of goodwill by reporting unit at least annually,
or when indicators of impairment are present, to determine if goodwill may be impaired. The Company includes assumptions about
the expected future operating performance as part of a discounted cash flow analysis to estimate fair value. If the carrying value of
these assets is not recoverable, based on the discounted cash flow analysis, management compares the fair value of the assets to the
carrying value. Goodwill is considered impaired if the recorded value exceeds the fair value. The Company may first assess qualitative
factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of goodwill is less than its carrying value. The Company
would not be required to quantitatively determine the fair value of goodwill unless it determines, based on the qualitative assessment,
that it is more likely than not that its fair value is less than the carrying value. Future cash flows of the individual indefinite-lived
intangible assets are used to measure their fair value after consideration of certain assumptions, such as forecasted growth rates and
cost of capital, which are derived from internal projection and operating plans. The Company performs its annual testing for goodwill
during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. 

Other
intangibles, net consists of covenants not to compete and customer relationships. All intangible assets determined to have finite lives
are amortized over their estimated useful lives. The useful life of an intangible asset is the period over which the asset is expected
to contribute directly or indirectly to future cash flows. The Company periodically evaluates both finite and indefinite lived intangible
assets for impairment upon occurrence of events or changes in circumstances that indicate the carrying amount of intangible assets may
not be recoverable. 

Impairment
of long-lived assets 

In
accordance with ASC Topic 360, we review long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable, or at least annually. We recognize an impairment loss when the sum of expected
undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset. The amount of impairment is measured as the difference
between the asset s estimated fair value and its book value. 

Leases 

On
January 1, 2019, we adopted ASU No. 2016-02, applying the package of practical expedients to leases that commenced before the effective
date whereby the Company elected to not reassess the following: (i) whether any expired or existing contracts contain leases and (ii)
initial direct costs for any existing leases. For contracts entered into on or after the effective date, at the inception of a contract
the Company assessed whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. The Company s assessment is based on: (1) whether the contract
involves the use of a distinct identified asset, (2) whether we obtain the right to substantially all the economic benefit from the use
of the asset throughout the period, and (3) whether it has the right to direct the use of the asset. We will allocate the consideration
in the contract to each lease component based on its relative stand-alone price to determine the lease payments. We have elected not
to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that have a term of 12 months or less. 

Operating
lease ROU assets represents the right to use the leased asset for the lease term and operating lease liabilities are recognized based
on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term at the commencement date. As most leases do not provide
an implicit rate, we use an incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the adoption date in determining the present
value of future payments. Lease expense for minimum lease payments is amortized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is included
in general and administrative expenses in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

Revenue
recognition and cost of revenue 

We
adopted Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. This ASC is based on the principle that revenue
is recognized to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity
expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This ASC also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount,
timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer service orders, including significant judgments. 

We
recognize revenues and the related direct costs of such revenue which generally include compensation and related benefits, gas
costs, insurance, parking and tolls, truck rental fees, and maintenance fees, as of the date the freight is delivered which is when
the performance obligation is satisfied. In accordance with ASC Topic 606, we recognize revenue on a gross basis. Our payment terms
are generally net 30 days from acceptance of delivery. We do not incur incremental costs obtaining service orders from our
customers, however, if we did, because all of our customer contracts are less than a year in duration, any contract costs incurred
would be expensed rather than capitalized. The revenue that we recognize arises from deliveries of freight on behalf of the
Company s customers. Primarily, our performance obligations under these service orders correspond to each delivery of freight
that we make under the service agreements. Control of the freight transfers to the recipient upon delivery. Once this occurs, we
have satisfied its performance obligation and we recognize revenue. 

We
cover a 100-mile radius around each of our terminals and each individual shipment accepted by the Company is considered a separate contract
with the performance obligation being the delivery of the freight. Our average length of haul for each load of freight generally equals
less than one week of continuous transit time. 

Our
revenues are primarily derived from the transportation services we provide through the delivery of goods over the duration of a shipment.
The bill of lading is a legally enforceable agreement between two parties, and where collectability is probable this document serves
as the contract as our basis to recognized revenue under ASC 606- Revenue Recognition. We have elected to expense initial direct costs
as incurred because the average shipment cycle is less five days. We recognize revenue and substantially all the purchased transportation
expenses on a gross basis. Direct costs of such revenue generally include compensation and related benefits, gas costs, insurance, parking
and tolls, truck rental fees, and maintenance fees. We direct the use of the transportation service provided and remain responsible for
the complete and proper shipment. We recognize revenue for our performance obligations under our customer contracts over time, as our
customers receive the benefits of the services in accordance with ASC 606- Revenue Recognition. 

30 

Inherent
within the Company s revenue recognition practices are estimates for revenue associated with shipments in transit. For shipments
in transit, we record revenue based on the percentage of service completed as of the period end and recognize delivery costs as incurred.
The percentage of service completed for each shipment is based on how far along in the shipment cycle each shipment is in relation to
standard transit days. The estimated portion of revenue for all shipments in transit is accumulated at period end and recognized as operating
revenue. The significance of in transit shipments to the consolidated financial statements is limited due to the short duration, generally
less than five days, of the average shipment cycle. On December 31, 2022 and 2021, any reductions to operating revenue and accounts receivable
to reflect in transit shipments were insignificant. 

Revenue
generated from warehousing services is generally recognized as the service is performed, based upon a monthly or weekly rate. 

Stock-based
compensation 

Stock-based
compensation is accounted for based on the requirements of ASC 718 Compensation Stock Compensation ,
which requires recognition in the financial statements of the cost of employee, director, and non-employee services received in exchange
for an award of equity instruments over the period the employee, director, or non-employee is required to perform the services in exchange
for the award (presumptively, the vesting period). The ASC also requires measurement of the cost of employee, director, and non-employee
services received in exchange for an award based on the grant-date fair value of the award. We have elected to recognize forfeitures
as they occur as permitted under ASU 2016-09 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment . 

Deconsolidation
of subsidiaries 

The
Company accounts for a gain or loss on deconsolidation of a subsidiary or derecognition of a group of assets in accordance with ASC 810-10-40-5.
The Company measures the gain or loss as the difference between (a) the aggregate of fair value of any consideration received, the fair
value of any retained noncontrolling investment and the carrying amount of any noncontrolling interest in the former subsidiary at the
date the subsidiary is deconsolidated and (b) the carrying amount of the former subsidiary s assets and liabilities or the carrying
amount of the group of assets. 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

Our
consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern and, accordingly, do not include
adjustments relating to the recoverability and realization of assets and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should
we be unable to continue our operation. 

We
will require additional capital to meet our long-term operating requirements. We expect to raise additional capital through, among other
things, the sale of equity or debt securities. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with the year ended December 31, 2021 

The
following table sets forth our revenues, expenses and net loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The financial information
below is derived from our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 
 7,744,477 
 5,495,146 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 5,216,839 
 5,408,143 
 
 Gross profit 
 2,527,638 
 87,003 
 
 Operating expenses 
 10,565,502 
 6,532,027 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (8,037,864 
 (6,445,024 
 
 Other income (expenses), net 
 (38,202 
 12,699,814 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 (8,076,066 
 6,254,790 
 
 Deemed dividend related to beneficial conversion features and accrued dividends 
 (417,546 
 (2,650,217 
 
 Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders 
 (8,493,612 
 3,604,573 

Results
of Operations 

Revenues 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, our revenues were 7,744,477 as compared to 5,495,146 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase
of 2,249,331, or 40.9 . This increase was primarily a result of revenues generated from our newly acquired companies, JFK Cartage and
Freight Connections, of 679,798 and 2,942,004, respectively, and an increase in revenues from other customers of 855,604. These increases
in revenues were offset by a decrease in revenue attributable to Shypdirect s terminated mid-mile and long-haul business with Amazon
of 1,567,927, and a decrease in revenues generated by Shyp FX of 660,148 due to the sale of substantially all the assets and business
of Shyp FX in June 2022. 

As
discussed above, approximately 28.5 of our aggregate revenue of 5,495,146 for the year ended December 31, 2021 was attributable to
Shypdirect s now terminated mid-mile and long-haul business with Amazon. The termination of Shypdirect s Amazon mid-mile
and long-haul business, which was effective on or about May 14, 2021, had a material adverse impact on our consolidated revenues beginning
in the second quarter of 2021. This impact has caused Shypdirect to become insolvent and to cease operations. 

On
June 21, 2022, we sold substantially all the assets of Shyp FX in an all-cash transaction. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, we generated revenues from our Shyp FX operation of 528,488 and 1,188,636, respectively. Subsequent to June 21, 2022, we will
no longer being generating this revenue. 

31 

We
continue to: (i) seek to replace the lost Amazon business with other, non-Amazon, customers; (ii) explore other strategic relationships;
and (iii) identify potential acquisition opportunities, while continuing to execute our restructuring plan. In 2021, we completed the
acquisition of DDTI and Cougar Express and in 2022, we completed the acquisition of JFK Cartage and Freight Connections, as discussed
elsewhere. In 2023, we acquired Severance Trucking. 

Cost
of Revenues 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, our cost of revenues was 5,216,839 as compared to 5,408,143 for the year ended December 31, 2021,
a decrease of 191,304, or 3.5 . Cost of revenues consists of truck and van rental fees, insurance, gas, maintenance, parking and tolls,
and compensation and related benefits. In the first quarter of 2021, Prime EFS received a bill for approximately 304,000 for excess
wear and tear on trucks that were rented for its last-mile DSP business that terminated in September 2020, which is included in cost
of sales. Subsequent to the acquisition of JFK Cartage on July 31, 2022, we began consolidating the operations of Cougar and JFK which
has lowered our costs. 

Gross
Profit 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a gross profit of 2,527,638, or 32.6 of revenues, as compared to gross profit of 87,003,
or 1.6 of revenues, for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 2,440,635, or 2,805 . The increase in gross profit for the
year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily resulted from the acquisitions of Freight Connections
and JFK Cartage during 2022 which generate aggregate gross profit of 1,503,614. Additionally, in 2021, we recognized a gross loss of
 803,369 from our terminated Shypdirect and Prime EFS business. As discussed above, during the year ended December 31, 2021, Prime EFS
received a bill for approximately 304,000 for excess wear and tear on trucks that were rented for its last-mile DSP business that terminated
in September 2020. In 2023, we expect our gross profit to increase since we will have owned JFK Cartage and Freight Connections for a
full year and as we continue to consolidate the operations of Cougar and JFK which has lowered our costs . 

Operating
Expenses 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, total operating expenses amounted to 10,565,502 as compared to 6,532,027 for the year ended December
31, 2021, an increase of 4,033,475, or 61.7 . For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, operating expenses consisted of the following: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Compensation and related benefits 
 3,742,676 
 1,403,311 
 
 Legal and professional fees 
 1,327,172 
 2,160,081 
 
 Rent 
 1,398,401 
 599,820 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 1,806,686 
 1,115,187 
 
 Contingency loss 
 200,000 
 30,000 
 
 Loss on lease abandonment 
 - 
 1,223,628 
 
 Impairment loss 
 2,090,567 
 - 
 
 Total Operating Expenses 
 10,565,502 
 6,532,027 

Compensation
and related benefits 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, compensation and related benefits amounted to 3,742,676 as compared to 1,403,311 for the year ended
December 31, 2021, an increase of 2,339,365, or 166.7 . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the overall increase in compensation
and related benefits as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was attributable to an increase in compensation paid to significant
employees, including the hiring of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer in January 2022, an increase in staff due
to increased operations, and an increase in stock-based compensation of 1,386,570. Additionally, in connection with the acquisition
of JFK Cartage and Freight Connections in 2022, we incurred aggregate compensation and related benefits of 513,313. These increases
were offset by a decrease in compensation and related benefits incurred in 2021 related to the operations of Shypdirect which ceased
operations in 2021. 

Legal
and professional fees 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, legal and professional fees were 1,327,172 as compared to 2,160,081 for the year ended December 31,
2021, a decrease of 832,909, or 38.6 . During the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a decrease in legal fees of 165,917 related
to a decrease in activities on ongoing legal matters, a decrease in consulting fees of 397,564 primarily attributable to the hiring
of our chief executive officer in 2022 who was a consultant during 2021, a decrease in accounting fees of 178,757, and a decrease in
other professional fees of 100,671 which primarily consisted of a decrease in fees for the mailing of proxy and shareholder information,
offset by an increase in stock-based consulting fees of 10,000. 

Rent
expense 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, rent expense was 1,398,401 as compared to 599,820 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase
of 798,581, or 133.1 . This increase was attributable to the acquisition of JFK Cartage and Freight Connections in July 2022 and September
2022, respectively. From the respective acquisition date to December 31, 2022, we incurred aggregate rent expense 1,081,472 related
to these acquired companies. This increase was offset by a reduction of rent expense due to the abandonment of our leased properties
which were vacated due to the cessation of the operations of Shypdirect. As of December 31, 2021, we abandoned all our leased properties,
except for the Cougar Express premises. The lease of our subsidiary, Cougar Express, expired on December 31, 2021 and we occupied the
facility on a month-to-month basis through September 30, 2022 at which time we vacated the premises and moved the Cougar Express operations
into the JFK Cartage facility. 

General
and administrative expenses 

General
and administrative expenses include depreciation and amortization expense, bad debt expense and other general and administrative expenses.
For the year ended December 31, 2022, general and administrative expenses were 1,806,686 as compared to 1,115,187 for the year ended
December 31, 2021, an increase of 691,499, or 62.0 . These increases were primarily attributable to the acquisition of JFK Cartage and
Freight Connections in 2022, which incurred general and administrative expenses of 739,143 (including depreciation and amortization
of 484,238 and bad debt expense of 103,000). These increases were offset by decreases in general and administrative expenses due to
cost-cutting measures taken and the sale of Shyp FX of 47,644. 

32 

Contingency loss 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, contingency
loss amounted to 200,000 as compared to 30,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 170,000, or 566.70 . In connection
with the finalization of the ABC, the Assignee has demanded at one time payment of 200,000 to close out the estates of Prime EFS and
Shypdirect. We are currently negotiating this amount and cannot predict the outcome of this demanded amount. Accordingly, during the year
ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a contingency loss of 200,000 and as of December 31, 2022, we accrued the potential settlement amount
of 200,000 which is included in accrued expenses on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. For the year ended December 31, 2021,
contingency loss amounted to 30,000 which is related to the accrual of an estimated legal settlement. 

Impairment loss 

Based on the Company s
impairment analysis, management determined that an intangible impairment charge was required for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
accordingly, we recorded an impairment loss of 2,090,567. We did not incur any impairment loss during the 2021 period. 

Loss from lease abandonment 

Due to a reduction in our revenues
and the loss of its Amazon revenues, during the second and third quarter of 2021, we abandoned our leased premises related to the ceased
operations of Prime EFS and Shypdirect. Accordingly, during the year ended December 31, 2021, we wrote off the remaining balances of the
right of use assets and recorded a loss on lease abandonment of 1,223,628. 

Loss from operations 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, loss from operations amounted to 8,037,864 as compared to 6,445,024 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 1,592,840,
or 24.7 . 

Other income (expenses) 

Total other income (expenses)
includes interest income, interest expense, derivative expense, warrant exercise inducement expense, gain on debt extinguishment, settlement
expense, gain on deconsolidation of subsidiaries, and other income. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, other (expenses) income
consisted of the following: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Interest income 
 31,166 
 - 
 
 Interest expense 
 (125,382 
 (349,544 
 
 Interest expense related parties 
 - 
 (74,959 
 
 Warrant exercise inducement expense 
 - 
 (4,431,853 
 
 Gain on debt extinguishment 
 - 
 1,564,941 
 
 Gain on debt extinguishment related party 
 - 
 148,651 
 
 Gain on sale of subsidiary 
 293,975 
 - 
 
 Settlement expense 
 (237,961 
 - 
 
 Other income 
 - 
 194,823 
 
 Gain on deconsolidation of subsidiaries 
 - 
 12,363,449 
 
 Derivative income (expense), net 
 - 
 3,284,306 
 
 Total Other (Expenses) Income, net 
 (38,202 
 12,699,814 

For the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, interest income was 31,166 and 0, respectively, an increase of 31,166, or 100.0 . 

For the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, aggregate interest expense was 125,382 and 424,503, respectively, a decrease of 299,121, or 70.5 . The decrease in
interest expense was attributable to a decrease in average interest-bearing loans outstanding due to the conversion of debt to equity,
and a decrease in the amortization of original issue discount. In July 2022 and September 2022, in connection with the acquisitions of
JFK Cartage and Freight Connections, note payable balances increased by 5,241,606 related to secured promissory notes entered into with
the former owners of JFK Cartage and Freight Connections, and we assumed notes payable aggregating 1,113,982 primarily consisting of
equipment notes assumed. Accordingly, we expect interest expense to increase in 2023. 

During the year ended December
31, 2021, we entered into Securities Purchase Agreements with certain of the holders of its existing Series E preferred warrants Exercising
Warrant Holders ). Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreements, the Exercising Warrant Holders and we agreed that the Exercising
Warrant Holders would cash exercise their existing warrants, into shares of common stock underlying such existing warrants Shares. In
order to induce the Exercising Warrant Holders to cash exercise their existing Warrants, the Securities Purchase Agreements provided for
the issuance of new warrants New Warrants with such New Warrants to be issued in an amount equal to 50 of the number
of shares acquired by the Existing Warrant Holder through the exercise of existing warrants for cash. The New Warrants are exercisable
upon issuance and terminate five years following the initial exercise date. The New Warrants have an exercise price per share of 0.01.
In connection with the exercise of these existing warrants for cash, the Company issued an aggregate of 205,626,862 New Warrants. The
New Warrants issued in connection with the Securities Purchase Agreements were considered inducement warrants and are classified in equity.
During the year ended December 31, 2021, the fair value of the New Warrants issued was 4,431,853 and were expensed as warrant exercise
inducement expense on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

33 

For the year ended December
31, 2021, the aggregate net gain on extinguishment of debt was 1,713,592. The gains on debt extinguishment were attributable to the settlement
of convertible debt and warrants, the settlement of secured merchant loans, the conversion of convertible debt, the settlement of a note
payable related party, and the settlement of other payables. We did not record any gain on debt extinguishment during the year
ended December 31, 2022. 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, we recorded settlement expense of 237,961 as compared to 0 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, we recorded a gain from the sale of assets of our subsidiary, Shyp FX, of 293,975. 

During the year ended December
31, 2021, we recorded other income of 194,823. Other income was primarily related to the collection of rental income from the sublease
of excess office, warehouse, and parking spaces. As of December 31, 2021, the Company abandoned substantially all its leased properties
that generated sublease rental income and we no longer receive sublease income. 

For the year ended December
31, 2021, we recognized a gain on deconsolidation of subsidiaries of 12,363,449. We did not recognize this gain during the 2022 period. 

For the year ended December
31, 2021, derivative income was 3,284,306. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded derivative income related to the calculated
derivative fair value of conversion options and warrants. We did not have any derivative instruments during the 2022 period. 

Net (Loss) Income 

Due to factors discussed above,
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net (loss) income amounted to (8,076,066) and 6,254,790, respectively. For the year ended
December 31, 2022, net loss attributable to common shareholders, which included a deemed dividend related to dividends accrued on Series
E and Series G preferred stock of 417,546, amounted to (8,493,612), or (0.00) per basic and diluted common share. For the year ended
December 31, 2021, net income attributable to common shareholders, which included a deemed dividend related to beneficial conversion features
on preferred stock and the dividends accrued on Series E and Series G preferred stock of 2,650,217, amounted to 3,604,573, or 0.00
per basic and diluted common share. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Liquidity is the ability of
a company to generate funds to support its current and future operations, satisfy its obligations, and otherwise operate on an
ongoing basis. On December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had a cash balance of 1,470,807 and 6,067,692, respectively. Our working capital
deficit was 4,403,460 on December 31, 2022. We reported a net decrease in cash for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to
December 31, 2021 of 4,596,885 primarily as a result of the use of cash used for the repayment of notes payable of 975,002, cash
used to purchase property and equipment of 143,948, cash used for investment in note receivable of 255,000, cash used in
operations of 3,422,359 cash used for the payment of liquidated damages on Series E preferred shares of 24,000, and cash used for
acquisitions of 1,930,712, offset by net cash proceeds received from the sale of Series G preferred stock units of 855,000, cash
proceeds from the exercise of warrants of 245,714, proceeds from notes payable of 108,395, cash acquired in acquisitions of
 196,527, and net cash proceeds received from the sale of the assets of Shyp FX of 748,500. 

Additionally, we are seeking
to raise capital through additional debt and/or equity financings to fund our operations in the future. Although we have historically
raised capital from sales of shares of common stock, the sale of Series E and Series G preferred stock, and from the issuance of convertible
promissory notes and notes payable, there is no assurance that we will be able to continue to do so. If we are unable to raise additional
capital or secure additional lending in the future, management expects that we will need to curtail our operations ad new may not be able
to meet our debt obligations. 

Recent Financing Activities 

Sale of Series E Preferred Stock 

On October 8, 2020, we entered
into a Securities Purchase Agreement with the investors party thereto (collectively the Investors pursuant to which the
Investors agreed to purchase units, severally and not jointly, which consisted of an aggregate of (i) 47,977 shares of Series E Convertible
Preferred Stock (the Series E and (ii) warrants (the Warrants to purchase 23,988,500 shares of the Company s
common stock which are equal to 50 of the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series E if the Series E were converted
on October 8, 2020 (the October 2020 Series E Offering ). The gross proceeds to the Company were 640,000, or 13.34 per
unit which is the stated value of each Series E share. We paid fees of 35,000 and received net proceeds of 605,000. The initial exercise
price of the Warrants related to the October 2020 Series E Offering is 0.04 per share, subject to adjustment. Due to down-round provisions
in the Warrants, the number of warrants was increased from 23,988,500 warrants to 95,954,000 warrants, and the exercise price was reduced
to 0.01 per share. 

On December 28, 2020 and December
30, 2020, we entered into Securities Purchase Agreements with investors pursuant to which the Investors agreed to purchase units, severally
and not jointly, which consisted of an aggregate of (i) 57,400 shares of Series E and (ii) Warrants to purchase 76,571,429 shares of the
Company s common stock which are equal to 1,334 warrants for each share of Series E purchased (the December 2020 Series E
Offering ). The gross proceeds to the Company were 670,000, or 11.67 per unit. We paid fees of 112,000 and received net proceeds
of 558,000. The initial exercise price of the Warrants related to the December 2020 Series E Offering is 0.01 per share, subject to
adjustment. 

During the three months ended
March 31, 2021, we entered into Securities Purchase Agreements with investors pursuant to which the Investors agreed to purchase units,
severally and not jointly, which consisted of an aggregate of (i) 310,992 shares of Series E and (ii) Warrants to purchase 414,857,146
shares of the Company s common stock which are equal to 1,334 warrants for each for each share of Series E purchased (the Q1
2021 Series E Offering ). The gross proceeds to the Company were 3,630,000, or 11.67 per unit. We paid fees of 372,000 and received
net proceeds of 3,258,000. The initial exercise price of the Warrants related to the Q1 2021 Series E Offering is 0.01 per share, subject
to adjustment. Additionally, we issued 82,971,429 warrants to the placement agent at an initial exercise price of 0.01 per share. 

During April 2021, the Company
entered into Securities Purchase Agreements with investors pursuant to which the Investors agreed to purchase units, severally and not
jointly, which consisted of an aggregate of (i) 32,127 shares of Series E and (ii) Warrants to purchase 42,857,143 shares of the Company s
common stock which are equal to 1,334 warrants for each for each share of Series E purchased (the April 2021 Series E Offering ).
The gross proceeds to the Company were 375,000, or 11.67 per unit. We paid fees of 42,500 and received net proceeds of 332,500. The
initial exercise price of the Warrants related to the April 2021 Series E Offering is 0.01 per share, subject to adjustment. Additionally,
the Company issued 8,571,4293 warrants to the placement agent at an initial exercise price of 0.01 per share. 

34 

During
the three months ended June 30, 2021, the Company issued 571,296,287 shares of its common stock in connection with the conversion of
340,346 shares of Series E. The conversion ratio was based on the Series E certificate of designation, as amended. 

During
the three months ended September 30, 2021, the Company issued 25,725,519 shares of its common stock in connection with the conversion
of 17,135 shares of Series E. The conversion ratio was based on the Series E certificate of designation, as amended. 

During
the three months ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued 60,758,228 shares of its common stock in connection with the conversion
of 39,410 shares of Series E. The conversion ratio was based on the Series E certificate of designation, as amended. 

During
the three months ended March 31, 2022, the Company issued 75,000,000 shares of its common stock in connection with the conversion of
19,947 shares of Series E. The conversion ratio was based on the Series E certificate of designation, as amended. 

During
the three months ended June 30, 2022, the Company issued 38,500,868 shares of its common stock in connection with the conversion of 10,240
shares of Series E and paid liquidating damages of 24,000. The conversion ratio was based on the Series E certificate of designation,
as amended. 

Sale
of Series G Preferred Stock 

On
December 31, 2021, the Company entered into Securities Purchase Agreements with investors pursuant to which the Investors agreed to purchase
units, severally and not jointly, which consisted of an aggregate of (i) 615,000 shares of Series G and (ii) Warrants to purchase 615,000,000
shares of the Company s common stock which are equal to 1,000 warrants for each for each share of Series G purchased (the December
2021 Series G Offering ). The gross proceeds to the Company were 6,150,000, or 10.00 per unit. The Company paid fees of 615,507,
paid cash of 54,933 for the settlement of disputed penalties related the Series E, and received net proceeds of 5,479,560 The initial
exercise price of the Warrants related to the December 2021 Series G Offering is 0.01 per share, subject to adjustment. Additionally,
the Company issued 123,000,000 warrants to the placement agent at an initial exercise price of 0.01 per share. 

On
January 25, 2022, the Company entered into Securities Purchase Agreements with investors pursuant to which the Investors agreed to purchase
units, severally and not jointly, which consisted of an aggregate of (i) 70,000 shares of Series G and (ii) Warrants to purchase 70,000,000
shares of the Company s common stock which are equal to 1,000 warrants for each share of Series G purchased (the January
2022 Series G Offering ). The gross proceeds to the Company were 700,000, or 10.00 per unit. The Company paid placement agent
fees of 70,000 and received net proceeds of 630,000. On March 4, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with
an investor pursuant to which the Investor agreed to purchase units, severally and not jointly, which consisted of an aggregate of (i)
25,000 shares of Series G and (ii) Warrants to purchase 25,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock which are equal to 1,000
warrants for each for each share of Series G purchased (the March 2022 Series G Offering ). The gross proceeds to the Company
were 250,000, or 10.00 per unit. The Company paid placement agent fees of 25,000 and received net proceeds of 225,000. The initial
exercise price of the Warrants related to the January 2022 and March 2022 Series G Offerings is 0.01 per share, subject to adjustment.
Additionally, the Company issued 19,000,000 warrants to the placement agent at an initial exercise price of 0.01 per share. The aggregate
cash fees of 95,000 was charged against the proceeds of the offering in additional paid-in capital and there is no effect on equity
for the placement agent warrants. 

During
the three months ended June 30, 2022, the Company issued 129,272,885 shares of its common stock in connection with the conversion of
92,500 shares of Series G and accrued dividends payable of 21,134. The conversion ratio was based on the Series G certificate of designation,
as amended. 

During
the three months ended September 30, 2022, the Company issued 61,178,746 shares of its common stock in connection with the conversion
of 42,500 shares of Series G and accrued dividends payable of 18,183. The conversion ratio was based on the Series G certificate of
designation, as amended. 

Cash
Flows 

Operating
activities 

Net
cash flows used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to 3422,359. During the year ended December
31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was primarily attributable to net loss of 8,076,066, adjusted for the add back
(reduction) of non-cash items such as depreciation and amortization expense of 1,134,037, stock-based compensation of 1,386,570,
stock-based professional fees of 10,000, impairment loss of 2,090,567, related to the impairment of intangible assets, bad debt
expense of 162,400, and a non-cash gain from the sale of the assets of Shyp FX of 296,689, and changes in operating assets and
liabilities such as a decrease in accounts receivable of 450,715, a decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets of
 110,606, a decrease in security deposit of 20,185, a decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 218,364, a decrease in
insurance payable of 130,590, and a decrease in accrued compensation and related benefits of 102,983. 

Net
cash flows used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 amounted to 4,085,687. During the year ended December 31,
2021, net cash used in operating activities was primarily attributable to net income of 6,254,790, adjusted for the add back (reduction)
of non-cash items such as depreciation and amortization expense of 685,644, derivative income of 3,284,306, amortization of debt discount
of 83,548, non-cash gain on debt extinguishment of 1,564,941, non-cash gain on extinguishment of debt - related party of 148,651,
warrant exercise inducement expense of 4,431,853, a non-cash gain from the deconsolidation of subsidiaries of 12,448,899 and loss on
lease abandonment of 1,223,628, and changes in operating assets and liabilities such as a decrease in accounts receivable of 166,486,
a decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets of 253,608, a decrease in security deposit of 94,000, an increase in accounts
payable and accrued expenses of 393,641, a decrease in insurance payable of 209,082, and an increase in accrued compensation and related
benefits of 4,321. 

Investing
activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to 1,384,633, which consisted of cash used for
acquisitions of 1,930,712, cash used for the purchase of property and equipment of 143,948, and cash used for investment on
note receivable of 255,000, offset by net proceeds received from the sale of the assets of Shyp FX of 748,500 and cash acquired in
acquisitions of 196,527. 

35 

Net
cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 amounted to 2,175,838 and consisted of net cash used for the
acquisition of DDTI and Cougar Express of 2,123,115, and cash used for the purchase on transportation equipment offset by cash proceeds
from the sale of property and equipment of 3,451. 

Financing
activities 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities totaled 210,107. During the year ended December 31, 2022,
we received proceeds from the sale of Series G preferred shares of 855,000, cash proceeds of 245,714 from the exercise of warrants,
and cash from notes payable of 108,395, offset by the repayment of notes payable of 975,002 and the payment of liquidating damages
of 24,000. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities totaled 11,749,934. During the year ended December 31, 2021,
we received proceeds from the sale of Series E preferred shares of 3,590,500, proceeds from the sale of Series G preferred shares of
 5,479,560, and cash proceeds of 4,226,383 from the exercise of warrants, offset by the repayment of notes payable of 991,468, the
repayment of note payable related party of 500,000, and the net repayment of related party advances of 55,041. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

Our
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement
of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. As reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements,
we had a loss from operations of 8,037,864 and 6,445,024 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The net cash
used in operations was 3,422,359 and 4,085,687 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Additionally, we had an
accumulated deficit and working capital deficit of 127,510,099 and 4,403,460, respectively, on December 31, 2022. Furthermore, we incurred
debt in connection with the acquisition of JFK Cartage and Freight Connections. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern for a period of twelve months from the issuance date of this report. 

Management
cannot provide assurance that we will ultimately achieve profitable operations or become cash flow positive or raise additional debt
and/or equity capital. We are seeking to raise capital through additional debt and/or equity financings to fund our operations in the
future and to pay our debt obligations. Although we have historically raised capital from sales of preferred shares, and from the issuance
of promissory notes and convertible promissory notes, there is no assurance that it will be able to continue to do so. If the Company
is unable to raise additional capital or secure additional lending in the near future, management expects that the Company will need
to curtail its operations. Our consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification
of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic and resulting global disruptions have affected the Company s businesses, as well as those of the Company s
customers and their third-party suppliers and sellers. To serve the Company s customers while also providing for the safety of
the Company s employees and service providers, the Company has adapted numerous aspects of its logistics and transportation processes.
The Company continues to monitor the rapidly evolving situation and expect to continue to adapt its operations to address federal, state,
and local standards as well as to implement standards or processes that the Company determines to be in the best interests of its employees,
customers, and communities. The impact of the pandemic and actions taken in response to it had some effects on the Company s results
of operations. Effects include increased fulfilment costs and cost of sales, primarily due to investments in employee hiring, pay, and
benefits, as well as costs to maintain safe workplaces, and higher shipping costs. The Company continues to be affected by possible procurement
and shipping delays, supply chain interruptions, higher product demand in certain categories, lower product demand in other categories,
and increased fulfilment costs and cost of sales as a percentage of net sales and it is not possible to determine the duration and spread
of the pandemic or such actions, the ultimate impact on the Company s results of operations during 2022, or whether other currently
unanticipated consequences of the pandemic are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company s results of operations. 

Contractual
Obligations 

We
have certain fixed contractual obligations and commitments that include future estimated payments. Changes in our business needs, cancellation
provisions, changing interest rates, and other factors may result in actual payments differing from the estimates. We cannot provide
certainty regarding the timing and amounts of payments. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources
that are material to investors. 

Effects
of Inflation 

We
do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our business, revenues, or operating results during the periods presented. 

Recently
Enacted Accounting Standards 

For
a description of accounting changes and recent accounting standards, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects,
if any, on our consolidated financial statements, see Note 2: Recent Accounting Pronouncements in the consolidated financial
statements filed with this Annual Report. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk. 

A
smaller reporting company is not required to provide the information in this Item. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

36 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 YEARS
ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

37 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Page 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 F-2 

Consolidated
 Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Deficit) For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8
 to F-39 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered 
Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of: 

 Transportation
and Logistics Systems, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows
for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated
financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows
for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company had a net loss and cash used in operations of 8,076,066 and 3,422,359,
respectively for the year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, the Company had an accumulated deficit and working capital deficit
of 127,510,099 and 4,403,460, respectively, on December 31, 2022. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are described in Note 2. The consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of internal control over financial reporting. As part of
our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

2295
NW Corporate Blvd., Suite 240 Boca Raton, FL 33431 

 Phone:
(561) 995-8270 Toll Free: (866) CPA-8500 Fax: (561) 995-1920 

 www.salbergco.com
 info@salbergco.com 

 Member
National Association of Certified Valuation Analysts Registered with the PCAOB 

 Member
CPAConnect with Affiliated Offices Worldwide Member Center for Public Company Audit Firms 

F- 2 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements
that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole,
and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the
accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Business
Acquisitions 

 As
described in footnote 2 Business Acquisitions and in footnote 3 Acquisitions and Disposition , to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company closed on two separate business acquisitions in 2022. The determination of fair values for assets acquired
and liabilities assumed, and equity portions of purchase consideration required management to make significant estimates and assumptions
such as those related to forecasts of future revenues, gross margins, operating expenses, discount rates and equity values. Changes in
these assumptions could have a significant impact on the fair values. 

We
identified business combinations as a critical audit matter. Auditing management s judgments regarding the above estimates involved
a high degree of subjectivity. 

The
primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included (a) gained an understanding of management s process
to determine the valuations, (b) assessed the competence, independence, qualifications, experience, and capabilities of the third-party
valuation specialist, (c) evaluated if the valuation methods used by management was appropriate (d) evaluated the reasonableness of management s
forecasts by comparing them to historical information, year to date current information and/or other supporting contracts or information,
(e) assessed the reasonableness of the discount rates used by evaluating each component, (f) tested the reasonableness of the estimated
value of equity purchase consideration, and (g) recomputed the valuation estimates. We agreed with management s valuations. 

Goodwill
and Intangible Assets Impairment Assessment 

 As
described in footnote 2 Goodwill and other intangible assets and Impairment of long-lived assets and footnote
6 Intangible Assets and Goodwill , to the consolidated financial statements, the Company is required to test the carrying
amount of goodwill at least annually, or more frequently upon the occurrence of certain events. The Company is also required to assess
the recoverability of its intangible assets whenever certain events occur, or circumstances change that may be indicators of impairment,
but at least annually. 

We
identified Goodwill and Intangible Assets Impairment Assessment as a critical audit matter because auditing the annual goodwill impairment
test and the evaluation of the recovery and fair value of intangible assets required significant judgment regarding the evaluation of
qualitative and/or quantitative factors, including estimates. 

 The
primary audit procedures we performed to address these critical audit matters included, among others, (a) gained an understanding of
management s process to determine the valuations, (b) evaluated if the valuation methods used by management were appropriate, (c)
analyzed the various assumptions utilized in management s qualitative goodwill analysis, (d) agreed managements qualitative goodwill
analysis to authoritative literature, (e) evaluated the reasonableness of management s forecasts used in the income method approach
by comparing them to historical information, year to date current information and other supporting contracts or information, (f) assessed
the reasonableness of the discount rate assumption used in the income method approach by evaluating each component, (g) recomputed the
valuation amounts and impairment computations, as applicable. We agreed with management s impairment assessments in fiscal year
2022. 

/s/
Salberg Company, P.A. 

. 

 We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2017 . 

March
31, 2023 

F- 3 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December
 31, 
 December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Prepaid expenses and other
 current assets 

Total Current Assets 

OTHER ASSETS: 

Security deposits 

Property and equipment,
 net 

Right of use assets, net 
 
 - 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 - 
 
 Intangible assets, net 

Total Other Assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Notes payable, current
 portion 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Insurance payable 

Lease liabilities, current
 portion 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued compensation and
 related benefits 

Total Current Liabilities 

LONG-TERM LIABILITIES: 

Notes payable, net of current
 portion 

Lease liabilities, net
 of current portion 
 
 - 

Total Long-term Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (See Note 11) 
 - 
 - 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY: 

Preferred stock, par value ; authorized
 shares: 

Series B convertible preferred
 stock, par value per share; shares designated; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022
 and 2021, respectively (Liquidation value and , respectively) 
 - 

Series D convertible
 preferred stock, par value 
 per share; 
 shares designated; 
 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 per share liquidation value) 
 - 
 - 

Series E convertible
 preferred stock, par value 
 per share; 
 shares designated; 
 and 
 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 per share liquidation value) 

Series G convertible
 preferred stock, par value 
 per share; 
 shares designated; 
 and 
 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 per share liquidation value) 

Series H convertible
 preferred stock, par value 
 per share; 
 shares designated; 
 and 
 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 per share liquidation value) 
 
 - 
 
 Preferred
 stock value 
 
 - 

Common stock, par value per share; 
 shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

2022 
 2021 

For the Year
 Ended 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 

REVENUES 

COST OF REVENUES 

GROSS PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Compensation and related
 benefits 

Legal and professional
 fees 

Rent 

General and administrative
 expenses 

Contingency loss 

Impairment loss 
 
 - 
 
 Loss
 on lease abandonment 
 - 

Total
 Operating Expenses 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES): 

Interest income 
 
 - 
 
 Interest expense 

Interest expense - related
 parties 
 - 

Warrant exercise inducement
 expense 
 - 

Gain on debt extinguishment,
 net 
 - 

Gain on debt extinguishment
 - related party 
 - 

Gain on sale of subsidiary

- 
 
 Gain on deconsolidation
 of subsidiaries 
 - 

Settlement expense 
 
 - 
 
 Other income 
 - 

Derivative
 income 
 - 

Total
Other Income (Expenses) 

(LOSS) INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

Provision for income
 taxes 
 - 
 - 

NET (LOSS) INCOME 

Deemed dividends related
 to beneficial conversion features, and accrued dividends 

NET (LOSS) INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE
 TO COMMON SHAREHOLDERS 

NET (LOSS) INCOME PER COMMON SHARE - BASIC
 AND DILUTED 

Basic 

Diluted 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Preferred
 Stock Series B 
 Preferred
 Stock Series E 
 Preferred
 Stock Series G 
 Preferred
 Stock Series H 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balance, December
 31, 2020 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for debt
 conversion 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Sales of Series E preferred
 share units 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Sales of Series E preferred
 share units 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock issued for conversion
 of Series E preferred shares 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock issued for warrant
 exercises 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Warrant exercise inducement
 expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Beneficial conversion effect
 related to beneficial conversions 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Deemed dividend related to
 beneficial conversion features and accrued dividends 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

- 
 - 

Balance 

- 
 - 

Common stock issued for warrant
 exercise 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for services
 and future services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Accretion of stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Sales of Series G preferred
 share units 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock issued for conversion
 of Series E preferred shares 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common stock issued for conversion
 of Series G preferred shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

- 

Series H preferred and common
 stock issued in connection with acquisition 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Cancellation of Series B preferred
 in connection with settlement 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Dividends accrued 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

Balance 
 - 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

For the Year
 Ended 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net (loss)
 income 

Adjustments to reconcile
 net (loss) income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization
 expense 

Amortization of debt discount
 to interest expense 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 
 - 
 
 Stock-based professional
 fees 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment loss 
 
 - 
 
 Non-cash gain from sale
 of subsidiary 
 
 - 
 
 Non-cash gain from deconsolidation
 of subsidiaries 
 - 

Derivative income, net 
 - 

Non-cash portion of gain
 on extinguishment of debt, net 
 - 

Non-cash portion of gain
 on extinguishment of debt - related party 
 - 

Non-cash portion of gain
 on settlement 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on lease abandonment 
 - 

Warrant exercise inducement
 expense 
 - 

Rent expense 

Bad debt expense (recovery) 

Other non- cash gain 
 - 

Change in operating assets
 and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other
 current assets 

Security deposit 

Accounts payable and accrued
 expenses 

Insurance payable 

Accrued
 compensation and related benefits 

NET CASH USED IN OPERATING
 ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property and
 equipment 

Proceeds from sale of property
 and equipment 
 - 

Increase in note receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Cash acquired in acquisitions 

Cash used for acquisitions 

Cash
 proceeds from sale of subsidiary 
 
 - 

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING
 ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Net proceeds from sale
 of series E preferred share units 
 - 

Net proceeds from sale
 of series G preferred share units 

Payment of liquidated damages
 on Series E preferred shares 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from exercise of warrants 

Proceeds from notes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment of notes payable 

Repayment of note payable
 - related party 
 - 

Net
 proceeds (payments) of related party advances 
 - 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY
 FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH 

CASH, beginning of year 

CASH, end of year 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 

Income
 taxes 
 - 
 - 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING
 AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Conversion
 of debt and accrued interest for common stock 
 - 

Reclassification
 of due to related parties to accrued expenses 
 - 

Deemed
 dividend related to price protection and beneficial conversion features 
 - 

Decrease
 in property and equipment and notes payable, net 
 - 

Conversion
 of Series E preferred stock to common stock 

Conversion
 of Series G preferred stock and accrued dividends to common stock 
 
 - 
 
 Accrual
 of preferred stock dividends 

Issuance
 of common stock for future services 
 
 - 

ACQUISITIONS: 

Assets acquired: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Property and equipment 

Right of use assets 

Other receivable 
 - 

Security
 deposits 

Total
 assets acquired 

Less: liabilities assumed: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Insurance payable 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued compensation and
 related benefits 
 
 - 
 
 Notes payable 

Lease
 liabilities 

Total
 liabilities assumed 

Fair value of shares
 for acquisitions 

Increase
 in intangible assets - non-cash 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

T RANSPORTATION
 AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

of the issued and outstanding membership interests of Prime EFS, LLC, a
New Jersey limited liability company Prime EFS ), from its members pursuant to the terms and conditions of a Stock Purchase
Agreement. Prime EFS was a New Jersey based transportation company that generated substantially all of its revenues from Amazon Logistics,
Inc. Amazon until it ceased operations on September 30, 2020 due to Amazon s non-renewal of its Delivery Service
Partner (DSP) Agreement with Prime EFS, as described below. 

On
July 24, 2018, the Company formed Shypdirect LLC Shypdirect ), a company organized under the laws of New Jersey. Since
its inception, Shypdirect generated substantially all of its revenues from Amazon, Inc. As described below, Amazon elected to terminate
its Amazon Relay Carrier Terms of Service with Shypdirect. Accordingly, in June 2021, Shypdirect ceased its tractor trailer and box truck
delivery services to Amazon, and in July 2021, Shypdirect ceased all operations. 

On
June 19, 2020, Amazon notified Prime EFS in writing (the Prime EFS Termination Notice ), that Amazon would not renew its
Delivery Service Partner (DSP) Agreement with Prime EFS when that agreement (the In-Force Agreement expired on September
30, 2020 and such In-Force Agreement, in fact, expired on September 30, 2020. Additionally, on July 17, 2020, Amazon notified Shypdirect
that Amazon had elected to terminate the Amazon Relay Carrier Terms of Service (the Program Agreement between Amazon and
Shypdirect effective as of November 14, 2020 (the Shypdirect Termination Notice ). On August 3, 2020, Amazon offered to
withdraw the Shypdirect Termination Notice and extend the term of the Program Agreement to and including May 14, 2021, conditioned on
Prime EFS executing, for nominal consideration, a separation agreement with Amazon under which Prime EFS agrees to cooperate in an orderly
transition of its Amazon last-mile delivery business to other service providers, Prime EFS released any and all claims it may have against
Amazon, and Prime EFS covenanted not to sue Amazon (the Aug. 3 Proposal ). On August 4, 2020, the Company, Prime EFS and
Shypdirect accepted the Aug. 3 Proposal. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, two customers accounted for of the Company s total net revenues. Approximately of
the Company s revenue of for the year ended December 31, 2021 was attributable to Shypdirect s now terminated
mid-mile and long-haul business with Amazon. The termination of Shypdirect s Amazon mid-mile and long-haul business, which was
effective on or about May 14, 2021, had a material adverse impact on operations of Shypdirect. This impact caused Shypdirect to become
insolvent and to cease operations. 

Since
exiting the Amazon business, the Company has pursued an initial growth by acquisitions strategy as set forth below and as such, continues
to pursue potential acquisition opportunities. 

On
November 13, 2020, the Company formed a wholly owned subsidiary, Shyp FX, Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of the State of
New Jersey Shyp FX ). On January 15, 2021, through Shyp FX, the Company executed an asset purchase agreement APA and closed a transaction to acquire substantially all of the assets and certain liabilities of Double D Trucking, Inc., a northern New
Jersey-based logistics provider specializing in servicing Federal Express over the past 25 years DDTI ), including last-mile
delivery services using vans and box trucks (See Note 3). On April 28, 2022, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the
 Asset Purchase Agreement with an unrelated third party. Pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement, Shyp FX sold substantially
all its asset and specific liabilities. The Asset Purchase Agreement closed in June 2022 (See Note 3). 

On
November 16, 2020, the Company formed a wholly owned subsidiary, TLSSA, a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware.
On March 24, 2021, TLSS acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Cougar Express, Inc., a New York-based
full-service logistics provider specializing in pickup, warehousing, and delivery services in the tri-state area Cougar Express ).
Cougar Express was a family-owned full-service transportation business that has been in operation for more than 30 years providing one-to-four
person deliveries and offering white glove services. It utilizes its own fleet of trucks, warehouse/driver/office personnel and on-call
subcontractors from its convenient and secure New York JFK airport area location, allowing it to pick-up and deliver throughout the New
York tri-state area. Cougar Express serves a diverse base of commercial accounts, which are freight forwarders that work with some of
the most notable retail businesses in the country (See Note 3). 

On
February 21, 2021, the Company formed a wholly owned subsidiary, Shyp CX, a company incorporated under the laws of the State of New York.
Shyp CX does not engage in any revenue-generating operations. 

On
August 4, 2022, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Cougar Express, closed on its acquisition of all outstanding stock of JFK
Cartage, Inc., a New York-based full-service logistics provider specializing in pickup, warehousing and delivery services in the tri-state
area JFK Cartage ). Joan Ton, the sole shareholder of JFK Cartage, from whom the shares were acquired, is an unrelated
party. The effective date of the acquisition was . With annual revenues of million in 2021 and approximately million
for the first six months of 2022, JFK Cartage operates from a square foot warehouse with ten drive-in doors and is strategically
located approximately six miles from JFK International Airport. JFK Cartage has been in business since 2008 and has been providing warehousing,
cross-dock services, pickup and deliveries, and general trucking, handling airfreight, trade show freight, expedited and hotshot demand
work, LTL/cartage as well as FTL, reverse logistics, white glove and residential delivery services to a broad base of over 95 commercial
accounts and residential customers. JFK Cartage operates a wide-ranging fleet of specialty vehicles, from its Sprinter vans to full 53-ft.
tractor trailers. JFK Cartage, with its assets, fleet and warehouse is believed to be one of the largest leading cartage agents serving
the New York Tri-State area (See Note 3). 

Effective
September 16, 2022, the Company s newly formed wholly-owned subsidiary, TLSS-FC, closed on an acquisition of all outstanding stock
of Freight Connections, Inc., a New Jersey-based company offering an array of transportation, warehousing, consolidating, distribution,
and local cartage services throughout the New York tri-state area Freight Connections ). Joseph Corbisiero, the sole shareholder
of Freight Connections, from whom the shares were acquired. Freight Connections was founded in 2016 and is a privately
held transportation and logistics carrier headquartered in Ridgefield Park, New Jersey. Freight Connections currently operates with 30
power units and 50 trailers, including dry vans, pups, flatbeds, step decks, and double drop trailers out of three buildings in the area
with square feet of warehouse and cross dock space, strategically located within one mile of each other. Freight Connections
offers customers an array of services including truckload, LTL, and consolidating of cartage, construction-trade, air, and rail freight,
as well as warehousing and distribution services (See Note 3). 

T RANSPORTATION
 AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

On
August 19, 2021, the Company s former subsidiaries, Prime EFS and Shypdirect, executed Deeds of Assignment for the Benefit of Creditors
in the State of New Jersey pursuant to N.J.S.A. 2A:19-1, et seq. (the ABC Statute ), assigning all of the Prime EFS
and Shypdirect assets to Terri Jane Freedman as Assignee for the Benefit of Creditors (the Assignee and filing for dissolution.
An Assignment for the Benefit of Creditors, general assignment or ABC in New Jersey is a state-law,
voluntary, judicially-supervised corporate liquidation and unwinding similar to the Chapter 7 bankruptcy process found in the United
States Bankruptcy Code. In the subject ABC, the debtor companies, Prime EFS and Shypdirect, together referred to as the Assignors ,
executed Deeds of Assignment, assigning all their assets to the Assignee chosen by the Company, who acts as a fiduciary similar to a
Chapter 7 trustee in bankruptcy. On September 7, 2021, the ABC s were filed with the Bergen County Clerk in Bergen County, New
Jersey and filed with the Bergen County Surrogate Court, initiating judicial proceedings. The Assignee has been charged with liquidating
the assets for the benefit of the Prime EFS and Shypdirect creditors pursuant to the provisions of the ABC Statute. As a result of Prime
EFS and Shypdirect s filing of the executed Deeds of Assignment for the Benefit of Creditors on September 7, 2021, the Assignee
assumed all authority to manage Prime EFS or Shypdirect. Additionally, Prime EFS and Shypdirect no longer conduct any business and are
not permitted by the Assignee and ABC Statute to conduct any business. For these reasons, effective September 7, 2021, the Company relinquished
control of Prime EFS and Shypdirect. Further, on October 13, 2021, Prime EFS and Shypdirect filed for dissolution with the Secretary
of State of New Jersey. Therefore, the Company deconsolidated Prime EFS and Shypdirect effective with the filing of executed Deeds of
Assignment for the Benefit of Creditors in September 2021 (See Note 10). The Company has been advised that the Assignee anticipates that
she will be able to conclude her work, make final distributions to creditors, and close out the estates of Prime EFS and Shypdirect on
or before June 30, 2023. 

The
Company s results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 include the results of Prime EFS and Shypdirect prior to the
September 7, 2021, the filing of the executed Deeds of Assignment for the Benefit of Creditors with the State of New Jersey. 

Unless
the context otherwise requires, TLSS and its wholly owned subsidiaries, TLSSA, TLSS-FC, Cougar Express, Shyp FX, Shyp CX, JFK Cartage,
and Freight Connections, and its deconsolidated former subsidiaries, Prime EFS and Shypdirect, whose results of operations for the year
ended December 31, 2021 are included in the results of the Company prior to the September 7, 2021 filing of the executed Deeds of Assignment
for the Benefit of Creditors with the State of New Jersey, are hereafter referred to as the Company . References herein
to a Company liability may be to a liability which is owed solely by a subsidiary and not by TLSS. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The
net cash used in operations was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Additionally,
the Company had an accumulated deficit and working capital deficit of and , respectively, on December 31, 2022.
These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of twelve months
from the issuance date of this report. Management cannot provide assurance that the Company will ultimately achieve profitable operations
or become cash flow positive or raise additional debt and/or equity capital. The Company is seeking to raise capital through additional
debt and/or equity financings to fund its operations in the future. Although the Company has historically raised capital from sales of
preferred shares, and from the issuance of promissory notes and convertible promissory notes, there is no assurance that it will be able
to continue to do so. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital or secure additional lending in the near future, management
expects that the Company will need to curtail its operations. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
related to the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should
the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

. On March 12, 2023, Signature Bank, the
Company s financial institution, was closed by its state chartering authority, the New York State Department of Financial Services.
On that same date the FDIC was appointed as receiver and transferred all the deposits and substantially all of the assets of Signature
Bank to Signature Bridge Bank, N.A., a full-service bank that is being operated by the FDIC. At the time of closing, the Company had
all of its cash at Signature Bank. The Company did not lose
access to its accounts or experience interruptions in banking services, and it suffered no losses with respect to its deposits at Signature
Bank as a result of the bank s closure. Normal banking activities resumed on Monday, March 13, 2023. On March 19, 2023 Signature Bridge Bank N.A. was acquired by New York community Bancorp Inc., which is the parent
of Flagship Bank, N.A. The Company is currently looking
at additional banking options to ensure that its exposure is limited or reduced to the FDIC protection limits. 

T RANSPORTATION
 AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

The
COVID-19 pandemic and resulting global disruptions have affected the Company s businesses, as well as those of the Company s
customers and their third-party suppliers and sellers. To serve the Company s customers while also providing for the safety of
the Company s employees and service providers, the Company has adapted numerous aspects of its logistics and transportation processes.
The Company continues to monitor the rapidly evolving situation and expect to continue to adapt its operations to address federal, state,
and local standards as well as to implement standards or processes that the Company determines to be in the best interests of its employees,
customers, and communities. The impact of the pandemic and actions taken in response to it had some effects on the Company s results
of operations. Effects include increased fulfilment costs and cost of sales, primarily due to investments in employee hiring, pay, and
benefits, as well as costs to maintain safe workplaces, and higher shipping costs. The Company continues to be affected by possible procurement
and shipping delays, supply chain interruptions, and increased fulfilment costs and cost of sales as a percentage of net sales and it
is not possible to determine the duration and spread of the pandemic or such actions, the ultimate impact on the Company s results
of operations during 2023, or whether other currently unanticipated consequences of the pandemic are reasonably likely to materially
affect the Company s results of operations. The Company plan on diversifying is bank and financial institution deposits to other
banks to mitigate such risk. 

Gain on extinguishment of debt related to
 repayment or conversion of debt 
 - 

Change in fair value
 included in derivative gain 
 - 

Balance at end of
 period 
 - 
 - 

The
Company accounted for its derivative financial instruments, which consisted of certain conversion options embedded in convertible instruments
and warrants, at fair value using level 3 inputs. The Company determined the fair value of these derivative liabilities using the binomial
lattice models, or other accepted valuation practices. When determining the fair value of its financial assets and liabilities using
these methods, the Company is required to use various estimates and unobservable inputs, including, among other things, expected terms
of the instruments, expected volatility of its stock price, expected dividends, and the risk-free interest rate. Changes in any of the
assumptions related to the unobservable inputs identified above may change the fair value of the instrument. Increases in expected term,
anticipated volatility and expected dividends generally result in increases in fair value, while decreases in the unobservable inputs
generally result in decreases in fair value. 

T RANSPORTATION
 AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

ASC
825-10 Financial Instruments , allows entities to voluntarily choose to measure certain financial assets and liabilities
at fair value (fair value option). The fair value option may be elected on an instrument-by-instrument basis and is irrevocable, unless
a new election date occurs. If the fair value option is elected for an instrument, unrealized gains and losses for that instrument should
be reported in earnings at each subsequent reporting date. The Company did not elect to apply the fair value option to any outstanding
instruments. 

The
carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for cash, accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other current assets,
accounts payable, accrued expenses, insurance payable, and other payables approximate their fair values based on the short-term maturity
of these instruments. The carrying amount of the Company s promissory note obligations approximate fair value, as the terms of
these instruments are consistent with terms available in the market for instruments with similar risk. 

. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the useful life or lease term including scheduled renewal terms. Revenue
equipment acquired through acquisitions is generally revalued to current market values as of the acquisition date. Assets obtained more
than a year prior to the acquisition by the acquired company are depreciated on a straight-line basis aligned with the remaining period
of expected use, whereas those obtained less than a year prior are depreciated consistent with newly purchased assets. In addition to
purchasing new revenue equipment, the Company may rebuild the engines of its tractors. Because rebuilding an engine increases its useful
life, the Company capitalizes these costs and depreciates the cost over the remaining useful life of the unit. Maintenance and repairs
are charged to expense as incurred. When assets are retired or disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the
accounts, and any resulting gains or losses are included in income in the year of disposition. The Company examines the possibility of
decreases in the value of these assets when events or changes in circumstances reflect the fact that their recorded value may not be
recoverable. 

. See Note 6 for additional information regarding intangible
assets. 

T RANSPORTATION
 AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

T RANSPORTATION
 AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

The
Company covers a 100-mile radius around each of its terminals and each individual shipment accepted by the Company is considered a separate
contract with the performance obligation being the delivery of the freight. Our average length of haul for each load of freight generally
equals less than one week of continuous transit time. 

The
Company s revenues are primarily derived from the transportation services we provide through the delivery of goods over the duration
of a shipment. The bill of lading is a legally enforceable agreement between two parties, and where collectability is probable this document
serves as the contract as our basis to recognized revenue under ASC 606- Revenue Recognition. The Company has elected to expense initial
direct costs as incurred because the average shipment cycle is less five days. The Company recognizes revenue and substantially all the
purchased transportation expenses on a gross basis. Direct costs of such revenue generally include compensation and related benefits,
gas costs, insurance, parking and tolls, truck rental fees, and maintenance fees. The Company directs the use of the transportation service
provided and remain responsible for the complete and proper shipment. The Company recognize revenue for its performance obligations under
its customer contracts over time, as its customers receive the benefits of the services in accordance with ASC 606- Revenue Recognition. 

Inherent
within the Company s revenue recognition practices are estimates for revenue associated with shipments in transit. For shipments
in transit, the Company records revenue based on the percentage of service completed as of the period end and recognize delivery costs
as incurred. The percentage of service completed for each shipment is based on how far along in the shipment cycle each shipment is in
relation to standard transit days. The estimated portion of revenue for all shipments in transit is accumulated at period end and recognized
as operating revenue. The significance of in transit shipments to the consolidated financial statements is limited due to the short duration,
generally less than five days, of the average shipment cycle. On December 31, 2022 and 2021, any reductions to operating revenue and
accounts receivable to reflect in transit shipments were insignificant. 

Revenue
generated from warehousing services is generally recognized as the service is performed, based upon a monthly or weekly rate. 

Less: deemed dividends 

Net income (loss)
 attributable to common stockholders 

Weighted average
 common shares outstanding basic 

Net income (loss)
 per common share basic 

Income (loss) per common
 share - diluted: 

Net income (loss) attributable to common
 shareholders basic 

Add: Preferred Series
 E and G dividends 
 - 

Numerator for income
 (loss) per common share diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding
 basic 

Add: dilutive shares related to: 

Warrants 
 - 

Series B preferred stock 
 - 

Series E preferred stock 
 - 

Series G preferred
 stock 
 - 

Incremental shares conversion of preferred shares 
 - 

Weighted average
 common shares outstanding diluted 

Net income (loss)
 per common share diluted 

T RANSPORTATION
 AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

Stock options 

Series E convertible preferred stock 
 
 - 
 
 Series G convertible preferred stock 
 
 - 
 
 Series H convertible
 preferred stock 
 
 - 
 
 Antidilutive securities
 excluded from computation of earnings per share 

. JFK Cartage operates from a square foot warehouse with
ten drive-in doors and is strategically located approximately six miles from JFK International Airport. JFK Cartage has been in business
since 2008 and has been providing warehousing, cross-dock services, pickup and deliveries, and general trucking, handling airfreight,
trade show freight, expedited and hotshot demand work, LTL/cartage as well as FTL, reverse logistics, white glove and residential delivery
services to a broad base of over 95 commercial accounts and residential customers. JFK Cartage operates a wide-ranging fleet of specialty
vehicles, from its Sprinter vans to full 53-ft. tractor trailers. JFK Cartage, with its assets, fleet and warehouse is believed to be
one of the largest leading cartage agents serving the New York Tri-State area. Pursuant to the Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement with
Cougar Express and JFK Cartage dated May 24, 2022, the purchase price was , subject to certain adjustments. The Company: (i)
paid in cash at closing; and (ii) JFK Cartage entered into a promissory note with the JFK Cartage Seller, of
which is payable weekly, in the amount of of accounts receivable collected, but in any event, no later than October 4, 2022, with
the remaining balance of , payable in three annual installments of , with interest at percent per annum on July
31, 2023, July 31, 2024 and July 31, 2025, respectively. Additionally, Cougar Express agreed to pay the Small Business Administration SBA loan that existed on the books of JFK Cartage, which was paid in August 2022; and (iv) agreed to pay certain accrued
liabilities and other notes payable that exists on the books of JFK Cartage. For accounting purposes, the total purchase consideration
paid, after closing adjustments, was deemed to be , which includes cash of plus the promissory note that
is in the name of JFK Cartage. The purchase consideration amount did not include the SBA loan of , and accrued liabilities and
other notes payable which were treated as assumed liabilities in the purchase price allocation. 

Effective
September 16, 2022, the Company s newly formed wholly-owned subsidiary, TLSS-FC, closed on an acquisition of all outstanding stock
of Freight Connections, a company offering an array of transportation, warehousing, consolidating, distribution, and local cartage services
throughout the New York tri-state area. Joseph Corbisiero, the sole shareholder of Freight Connections, from whom the shares were acquired
(the Freight Connections Seller ). Freight Connections was founded in 2016 and is a transportation
and logistics carrier headquartered in Ridgefield Park, New Jersey. Freight Connections currently operates with 30 power units and 50
trailers, including dry vans, pups, flatbeds, step decks, and double drop trailers out of three buildings in the area with square
feet of warehouse and cross dock space, strategically located within one mile of each other. Freight Connections offers customers an
array of services including truckload, LTL, and consolidating of cartage, construction-trade, air, and rail freight, as well as warehousing
and distribution services. Prior to the closing, the Company, TLSSA and Freight Connections Seller entered into an amendment to their
Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of May 23, 2022 (the Amended SPA ), and TLSSA assigned its interest in the Amended
SPA to TLSS-FC. Pursuant to the Amended SPA, the total purchase price was , subject to certain adjustment. TLSS-FC: (i) paid
 in cash at closing, (ii) Freight Connections entered into a secured promissory note with the Freight Connections
Seller, with interest accruing at the rate of per annum and then per annum as of March 1, 2023 (The entire unpaid principal under
the note, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon and all other amounts payable thereunder, shall be due and payable in
one balloon payment on December 31, 2023, unless paid sooner. The promissory note is secured solely by the assets of Freight Connections),
and (iii) assumed certain debt. The Company issued to the Freight Connections Seller shares of the Company s common
stock and shares of the Company s Series H preferred stock which is convertible into an aggregate of shares
of the Company s common stock based on a conversion of shares of common stock for each share of Series H preferred stock
outstanding. The common stock and the as if converted number of Series H preferred stock were valued at per share based on the
quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date, for an aggregate fair value of . The number
of shares was calculated as follows: (a) shares of common stock of the Company equal to no more than of the number of shares of
common stock outstanding immediately after such issuance, and (b) the balance of the shares in Series H Convertible Preferred Stock,
a new series of non-voting, convertible preferred stock issuable to sellers in connection with acquisitions or strategic transactions
approved by a majority of the directors of the Company. TLSS-FC agreed to pay certain accrued liabilities and other notes payable that
existed on the books of Freight Connections and agreed to pay the secured promissory note which was assumed by Freight Connections.
For accounting purposes, the total purchase consideration paid, after closing adjustments, was deemed to be which includes
(i) cash paid of , (ii) the aggregate fair value of common shares and Series H preferred shares issued to Freight Connections
Seller of , and (iii) the secured promissory note in the name of Freight Connections. The purchase consideration
amount does not include accrued liabilities and other notes payable which were treated as assumed liabilities in the purchase price allocation. 

T RANSPORTATION
 AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

The
Freight Connections Seller also entered into an employment agreement, including non-competition provisions, to continue with Freight
Connections after the acquisition. 

The
assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their estimated fair values on the respective acquisition date, subject to adjustment
during the measurement period with subsequent changes recognized in earnings or loss. These estimates are inherently uncertain and are
subject to refinement. Management develops estimates based on assumptions as a part of the purchase price allocation process to value
the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the business acquisition date. As a result, during the purchase price measurement period,
which may be up to one year from the business acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed based on completion of valuations, with the corresponding offset to intangible assets. After the purchase price measurement period,
the Company may record any adjustments to assets acquired or liabilities assumed in operating expenses in the period in which the adjustments
may have been determined. Based upon the adjusted purchase price allocations, the following table summarizes the estimated fair value
of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of the respective 2022 acquisition: 

Accounts receivable, net 

Other assets 

Transportation vehicles 

Equipment 

Property and equipment 

Right of use assets 

Other intangible assets 

Other receivable 

Non-compete agreement 

Customer relations 

Goodwill 

Total assets acquired
 at fair value 

Liabilities
 assumed: 

Notes payable 

PPP loan payable 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Lease liabilities 

Total liabilities
 assumed 

Net asset acquired 

Purchase consideration
 paid: 

Cash paid 

Notes payable 

Acquisition payable 

Promissory notes 

Common shares and
 Series H preferred shares issued 
 - 

Total purchase consideration
 paid 

2021 

On
January 15, 2021, through Shyp FX, the Company executed an asset purchase agreement APA and closed a transaction to acquire
substantially all of the assets and certain liabilities of Double D Trucking, Inc., a northern New Jersey-based logistics provider specializing
in servicing Federal Express over the past 25 years DDTI ), including last-mile delivery services using vans and box trucks.
The purchase price was of cash and a promissory note of . The principal assets involved in the acquisition were vehicles
for cargo transport, system equipment for vehicle tracking and navigation of vehicles, and delivery route rights together with assumption
of associated customer relationships. The acquisition of DDTI made the Company an approved contracted service provider of FedEx, which,
the Company believes fits in well with its current geographic coverage area and may lead to additional expansion opportunities within
the FedEx network. 

On
March 24, 2021, TLSSA acquired all issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Cougar Express, a New York-based full-service logistics
provider specializing in pickup, warehousing, and delivery services in the New York tri-state area. The purchase price was 
of cash plus cash for the acquisition of security deposits, a cash payment equal to 50 of the difference between cash and accounts receivable
acquired and accounts payable assumed, less the assumption of truck loans and leases, and a promissory note of . The previous
owner of Cougar Express is barred from competing with the Cougar Express business for five years. Cougar Express was a family-owned full-service
transportation business that has been in operation for more than 30 years providing one-to-four person deliveries and offering white
glove services. It utilizes its own fleet of trucks, warehouse/driver/office personnel and on-call subcontractors from its convenient
and secure New York JFK airport area location, allowing it to pick-up and deliver throughout the New York tri-state area. Cougar Express
serves a diverse base of approximately 50 commercial accounts, which are freight forwarders that work with some of the most notable retail
businesses in the country. The Company believes that the acquisition of Cougar Express fits its current business plan, given Cougar Express s
demographic location, services offered, and diversified customer base, and given that it would provide the Company with a long-standing,
well-run profitable operation as a step to begin replacing the revenue it lost as a result of Amazon terminating its delivery service
provider business. Furthermore, the Company believes that, because Cougar Express is strategically based in New York and serves the tri-state
area, organic growth opportunities will be available for expanding its footprint into the Company s primary base of operations
in New Jersey, as well as efficiencies that could be derived by leveraging Shypdirect s operational capabilities. 

T RANSPORTATION
 AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

The
assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their estimated fair values on the acquisition date, subject to adjustment during
the measurement period with subsequent changes recognized in earnings or loss. These estimates are inherently uncertain and are subject
to refinement. Management develops estimates based on assumptions as a part of the purchase price allocation process to value the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed as of the business acquisition date. As a result, during the purchase price measurement period, which
may be up to one year from the business acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed
based on completion of valuations, with the corresponding offset to intangible assets. After the purchase price measurement period, the
Company may record any adjustments to assets acquired or liabilities assumed in operating expenses in the period in which the adjustments
may have been determined. During the three months ended September 30, 2021, the Company increased the customer relations intangible asset
acquired and accrued expenses by to reflect additional funds due to the owner of Cougar Express. 

Accounts receivable 
 - 

Other assets 
 - 

Transportation vehicles 
 
 - 

Equipment 

Right of use assets 
 
 - 

Other receivable 
 - 

Non-compete agreement 
 - 

Customer relations 

Total assets acquired
 at fair value 

Liabilities
 assumed: 

Notes payable 

PPP loan payable 
 - 

Accounts payable 
 - 

Accrued expenses 
 - 

Lease liabilities 
 
 - 

Total liabilities
 assumed 

Net asset acquired 

Purch ase
consideration paid: 

Cash paid 

Acquisition payable 
 - 

Promissory notes 

Total purchase consideration
 paid 

The
Company shall record acquisition and transaction related expenses in the period in which they are incurred. During the year ended December
31, 2021, acquisition and transaction related expenses primarily consisted of legal fees of approximately . Additionally, the Company
paid expenses and fees relating to the sale of Series E preferred stock in which a portion of the proceeds were used to pay the cash
portion of the consideration (see Note 9). 

Net (Loss) Income 

Net Income (Loss)
 Attributable to Common Shareholders 

Net (Loss) Income
 per Share 

Pro
forma data does not purport to be indicative of the results that would have been obtained had these events actually occurred at the beginning
of the periods presented and is not intended to be a projection of future results. 

T RANSPORTATION
 AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

Disposition 

Sale
of Shyp FX assets 

On
June 21, 2022, the Company sold substantially all of the assets of Shyp FX in an all-cash transaction. The purchaser was Farhoud Logistics
Inc., a New Jersey corporation, an unrelated party. Under the terms of the sale, The Company sold the assets of Shyp FX consisting of
transportation equipment and other equipment and the business of Shyp FX for . The Company received net proceeds of 
which is net of a broker commission of and other expenses of . was being held in escrow, pending bulk sale tax
clearance from the State of New Jersey and to cover the estimated cost of a vehicle repair. The Company received the escrowed funds during
the fourth quarter of 2022. In connection with the sale of these assets, for the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a
gain on the sale of which consisted of the following: 

Less: 

Commissions and other fees paid 

Write-off of unamortized intangible assets 

Net book value of
 property and equipment sold 

Cost of sale of assets 

Gain on sale of subsidiaries
 assets 

Allowance for doubtful
 accounts 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts receivable,
 net 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded bad debt expense (recovery) of and ) , respectively,
which is included in general and administrative expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Note
receivable 

On
October 31, 2022, the Company entered into a promissory note receivable with Recommerce Group, Inc Recommerce ), a third
party, in the amount of . In connection with the note receivable, the Company disbursed to Recommerce, which is net
of an original issue discount of . The promissory note bears interest at the rate of 6 per annum and matured on December 31,
2022 (the Maturity Date ). On December 31, 2022, note receivable amounted to and accrued interest receivable amounted
to , which is included in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. During the
year ended December 31, 2022, in connection with this note receivable, the Company recorded interest income of . In January 2023,
Recommerce repaid this note receivable plus all interest due. 

- years 

Machinery and equipment 
 - years 

Office equipment and furniture 
 - years 
 
 - 
 
 Leasehold improvements 
 - years 
 
 - 
 
 Subtotal 

Less: accumulated
 depreciation 

Property and equipment,
 net 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold vehicles with a cost basis of and related accumulated depreciation of 
for cash of and the reduction of notes payable of , resulting in a loss of which is included in general and administrative
expenses on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

On
June 21, 2022, in connection with the sale of net assets of Shyp FX, the Company sold delivery trucks and equipment with a net book value
of (See Note 3). 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, depreciation expense is included in general and administrative expenses and amounted to 
and , respectively. 

T RANSPORTATION
 AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

increase in the gross intangible assets made up of of finite lived intangible assets and of goodwill (See Note
3). The increase in gross finite lived intangible assets is associated with customer relationships and covenants not to compete and have
finite lives. 

As
a result of the acquisitions of Shyp FX and Cougar Express, during the year ended December 31, 2021, there was a increase
in the gross intangible assets made up of of finite lived intangible assets (See Note 3). The increase in gross finite lived
intangible assets is associated with customer relationships and covenants not to compete and have finite lives. 

- 

Covenants not to compete 
 - 

Other intangible assets 

Intangible assets net 

On
December 31, 2021, intangible assets subject to amortization consisted of the following: 

Gross Amount 
 Accumulated Amortization 
 Net finite intangible assets 

2021 

Amortization
 period (years) 
 Gross
 Amount 
 Accumulated
 Amortization 
 Net
 finite intangible assets 
 
 Customer relationships 
 - 

Covenants
 not to compete 

Intangible assets net 

- 
 
 Goodwill Total 

- 

(1) 
 of goodwill is related to a subsidiary that has negative equity as of December 31, 2022. 

On
June 21, 2022, in connection with the sale of net assets of Shyp FX, the Company wrote off the remaining net book value of intangible
assets related to the acquisition of Shyp FX of (See Note 3). 

Based
on the Company s impairment analysis, management determined that an intangible impairment charge was required for the year ended
December 31, 2022 and accordingly, the Company recorded an impairment loss of . 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, amortization of intangible assets amounted to and , respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total 

T RANSPORTATION
 AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

(the Q1/Q2 2020 Notes and warrants to purchase up to shares of the Company s common
stock (the Q1/Q2 2020 Warrants ). The Company received net proceeds of , which is net of a original issue
discounts of . 

From
the original issue date of a Q1/Q2 2020 Note until such Q1/Q2 2020 Note was no longer outstanding, such Q1/Q2 2020 Note was convertible,
in whole or in part, at any time, and from time to time, into shares of Common Stock at the option of the holder. . 

The
Q1/Q2 2020 Warrants are exercisable at any time on or after the date of the issuance and entitle the investors to purchase shares of
the Company s common stock for a period of five years from the initial date the Q1/Q2 2020 Warrants become exercisable. Under the
terms of the Q1/Q2 2020 Warrants, the investors are entitled to exercise the Q1/Q2 2020 Warrants to purchase up to shares of
the Company s common stock at an initial exercise price of , subject to adjustment as detailed in the respective Q1/Q2 2020
Warrants. 

Due
to the default of amortization payments due on our August 2019 Notes and other notes, in 2020, the Q1/Q2 2020 Notes were deemed in default.
Accordingly, in 2020, the outstanding principal balance on date of default increased by which amounted to approximately ,
default interest accrues at , and the default conversion terms applied. In the third fiscal quarter of 2020, the great majority of
principal amount of Q1/Q2 2020 Notes was exchanged for Common Stock at the conversion price that applied if an Event of Default occurred.
It is the Company s position (and it was the Company s intent at issuance) that, to the extent the Q1/Q2 2020 Notes were
converted for Common Stock at the advantageous conversion price applicable to post-Events of Default, the Q1/Q2 Notes are not also entitled
to receive the Mandatory Default Payment (as defined in the Q1/Q2 2020 Notes) of 130 of principal amount. During 2020, since a note
holder could conceivably disagree with the Company s position in this regard, the Company has decided, out of an abundance of caution
and despite its confidence that its construction of the Q1/Q2 2020 Notes is the only correct one, to accrue a reserve as if a note holder
were entitled both to convert its Q1/Q2 Notes at the advantageous conversion price applicable to post-Events of Default and to receive
the Mandatory Default Payment of 130 on the entire original principal amount of Q1/Q2 2020 Notes. 

During
the three months ended June 30, 2021, the Company and each investor entered into a letter agreement whereby the investor waived its right
to any Mandatory Default Payment. Accordingly, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company reversed the accrued Mandatory Penalty
amount due of and principal amounts due of and recorded a gain on debt extinguishment of . Additionally, during
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock upon the conversion of all remaining principal
and interest balances due aggregating . Hence, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, convertible notes payable and default
interest due related to the Q1/Q2 2020 Notes amounted to 0. 

April
20, 2020 convertible debt 

On
April 20, 2020, the Company issued and sold to an investor a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of (the April
20 Note ). The April 20 Note contained a original issue discount amounting to for a purchase price of . The
April 20 Note initially bore interest at per annum and becomes due and payable on April 20, 2022 (the April 20 Note Maturity
Date ). . 

Until
the April 20 Note was no longer outstanding, it was convertible, in whole or in part, at any time, and from time to time, into shares
of common stock at the option of the investor. . All such Conversion Price determinations were to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend,
stock split, stock combination, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately decreases or increases the common stock. 

Due
to the default of August 2019 Note Amortization Payments due on our August 2019 Notes and other notes, the April 20 Note was deemed in
default. Accordingly, in 2020, the outstanding principal balance on date of default increased by 30 which amounted to approximately
 , default interest accrued at , and the default conversion terms applied. 

During
the three months ended June 30, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock upon the conversion of all remaining principal
and interest balances due aggregating . Hence, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, convertible notes payable and default
interest due related to the April 20 Note amounted to . 

T RANSPORTATION
 AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

Other
convertible debt 

On
August 28, 2020, a note payable with a principal balance due of was cancelled and a new convertible note was entered into with
a principal balance of . This new convertible note bore no interest and was payable in monthly payments of commencing
on September 1, 2020 until paid in full. The Holder had the right, at Holder s option, at any time prior to the close of business
five or more days prior to a payment of principal and interest, to convert any of such Holder s Note, in whole or in part (in denominations
of or multiples of it), into that number of shares of common stock of the Company at the conversion price equal to the lowest
closing price of the Company s common stock on the OTC Market during the ten trading days ending the business day before the date
of conversion. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company repaid of this convertible note. In January 2021, the Company
issued shares of its common stock upon conversion of this convertible note and accordingly, as of December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, the convertible note balance is . 

Summary
of derivative liabilities 

to 

Volatility 

to 

Risk-free
 interest rate 

to 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, amortization of debt discounts related to convertible notes amounted to and , respectively,
which has been included in interest expense on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The weighted average interest
rate during the year ended December 31, 2021 was approximately . 

. was payable in four installments of plus accrued interest as follows: 100,000 plus accrued interest was
due and paid on April 15, 2021, 100,000 plus accrued interest was due and paid on July 15, 2021, 100,000 plus accrued interest is due
and paid on October 15, 2021 and 100,000 plus all remaining accrued interest was due and paid on January 15, 2022. Interest accrued
at per annum. On December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the principal amount related to this note was and , respectively. 

On
March 24, 2021, in connection with the acquisition of Cougar Express, the Company issued a promissory note in the amount of .
 was payable in two installments of plus accrued interest as follows: 175,000 plus accrued
interest was due and paid on September 23, 2021 and 175,000 plus all remaining accrued interest was due and paid on March 23, 2022 .
Interest accrued at per annum. On December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the principal amount related to this note was and ,
respectively. 

On
July 31, 2022, in connection with the acquisition of JFK Cartage, JFK Cartage issued a promissory note in the amount of . is payable weekly, in the amount of 25 of accounts receivable collected, but in any event, no later than October 4,
2022. This amount was paid prior to December 31, 2022. The remaining balance of 598,487 is payable in three annual installments of ,
with interest at per annum, payable on July 31, 2023, July 31, 2024 and July 31, 2025, respectively . On December 31, 2022, the principal
amount related to this note was . 

In
connection with the acquisition of JFK Cartage, on July 31, 2022, the Company assumed an SBA loan that existed on the books of JFK Cartage
in the amount of and the related accrued interest. The Company repaid this SBA loan and all accrued interest in August 2022. 

On
September 16, 2022, in connection with the acquisition of Freight Connections, Freight Connections issued a promissory note in the
amount of 
to the Freight Connections Seller. per annum and then 10 per annum as of March 1, 2023. The entire unpaid principal under the note, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon and all other amounts payable thereunder, shall be due and payable in one balloon payment on December 31, 2023, unless paid sooner. The promissory note is secured solely by the assets of Freight Connections. On December 31, 2022, the principal amount related to this note was . 

In
connection with the acquisition of Freight Connections, on September 16, 2022, the Company assumed a merchant loan with Paypal in the
amount of . This merchant was repaid and on December 31, 2022, the merchant loan amount due to Paypal was . 

Equipment
and auto notes payable 

In
November 2019, the Company entered into a promissory note for the purchase of five trucks in the amount of . The note was due
in sixty monthly installments of . The first payment was paid in December 2019 and the remaining fifty-nine payments were due monthly
commencing on . The note was secured by the trucks and was personally guaranteed by the Company s former chief
executive officer. During the year ended December 31, 2021, this note was repaid. On December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the equipment
note payable to this entity amounted to . 

In
connection with the acquisition of DDTI, the Company assumed several truck notes payable liabilities due to entities. On December 31,
2022 and 2021, truck notes payable to these entities amounted to and , respectively. 

In
connection with the acquisition of Cougar Express, the Company assumed several equipment notes payable liabilities due to entities. On
December 31, 2022 and 2021, equipment notes payable to these entities amounted to and , respectively. 

T RANSPORTATION
 AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

In
connection with the acquisition of JFK Cartage, on July 31, 2022, the Company assumed several equipment notes payable due to entities
amounting to . On December 31, 2022, equipment notes payable to these entities amounted to . 

On
July 7, 2022, Cougar Express entered into a promissory note for the purchase of a truck in the amount of . The note is due in
 sixty monthly installments of which began in August 2022. The note was secured by the truck. During the year ended December 31,
2022, the Company repaid of this note. On December 31, 2022, the equipment note payable to this entity amounted to . 

In
connection with the acquisition of Freight Connections, on September 16, 2022, the Company assumed several equipment notes payable due
to entities amounting to . On December 31, 2022, equipment notes payable to these entities amounted to . 

On
September 22, 2022, JFK Cartage entered into a promissory note for the purchase of a truck in the amount of . The note is due
in forty -eight monthly installments of which began in August 2022. The note was secured by the truck. During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company repaid of this note. On December 31, 2022, the equipment note payable to this entity amounted to . 

Paycheck
Protection Program Promissory Note 

During
2020, prior to the acquisition of Cougar Express by the Company, Cougar Express entered into a Paycheck Protection Program promissory
note (the Cougar PPP Loan in the amount of under the SBA Paycheck Protection Program of the CARES Act. Pursuant
to the Cougar Stock Purchase Agreement, the Company did not assume and shall not be responsible to pay the Cougar PPP loan. The prior
shareholder of Cougar Express agreed to indemnify and hold the Buyer (and its directors, officers, employees and affiliates) harmless
from and with respect to any and all claims, liabilities, losses, damages, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, the reasonable
fees and expenses of counsel (collectively, the Losses ), related to or arising directly or indirectly out of, among other
items, any claim that any portion or all of the Cougar PPP loan secured by Cougar Express is to be repaid to the lender. Cougar Express
filed for forgiveness of this loan and on June 10, 2021, Cougar Express received a Notice of Paycheck Protection Program Forgiveness
Payment from the SBA. Accordingly, the note payable and related note receivable were reversed and no gain or loss was recorded. 

Line
of credit 

Through
December 2021, the Company s subsidiary, Cougar Express, maintained a line of credit with the bank. This line of credit
was closed in December 2021 and was payable on demand. On December 31, 2021, principal amount outstanding under the line of credit amounted
to . 

Less: current portion
 of notes payable 

Notes payable 
 long-term 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total 

authorized shares of preferred stock, par value per share. The Company s Amended and Restated Articles
of Incorporation explicitly authorize the Board to issue any or all of such shares of preferred stock in one (1) or more classes or series
and to fix the designations, powers, preferences and rights, the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, including dividend
rights, dividend rates, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, redemption prices, liquidation preferences and the number
of shares constituting any class or series, without further vote or action by the stockholders. 

Series
B preferred shares 

In
August 2019, the Company designated Series B Preferred Shares consisting of shares with a par value of and a stated
value of . The Series B preferred shares have no voting rights and are not redeemable. Each share of Series B Preferred stock is
convertible into one share of common stock at the option of the holder subject to beneficial ownership limitation. 

On
August 16, 2019, the Company issued shares of Series B Preferred shares to Bellridge Capital, L.P. upon settlement of 
shares of issuable common shares. In April 2022, the Company and Bellridge entered into a settlement agreement pursuant to which the
 shares of Series B preferred shares were cancelled and the Company recorded settlement income of . 

T RANSPORTATION
 AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

Series
D preferred shares 

On
July 20, 2020, the Board filed the Certificate of Designation of Preferences COD ), Rights and Limitations of Series D
Preferred Stock (the Series D COD with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada designating shares of preferred
stock as Series D. The Series D does not have the right to vote. The Series D has a stated value of per share (the Stated
Value ). Subject only to the liquidation rights of the holders of Series B Preferred Stock that is currently issued and outstanding,
upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the business of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the Series D is entitled
to receive an amount per share equal to the Stated Value and then receive a pro-rata portion of the remaining assets available for distribution
to the holders of common stock on an as-converted to common stock basis. Until July 20, 2021, the holders of Series D had the right to
participate, pro rata, in each subsequent financing in an amount up to of the total proceeds of such financing on the same terms,
conditions and price otherwise available in such subsequent financing. 

shares of common stock. A holder of Series D may not convert any shares of Series D into common stock if the holder (together
with the holder s affiliates and any persons acting as a group together with the holder or any of the holder s affiliates)
would beneficially own in excess of of the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the
conversion, as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the Series D COD. However, upon notice from the
holder to the Company, the holder may decrease or increase the beneficial ownership limitation, which may not exceed 9.99 of the number
of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise, as such percentage ownership is determined in
accordance with the terms of the Series D COD, provided that any such increase or decrease in the beneficial ownership limitation will
not take effect until 61 days following notice to the Company. 

Approval
of at least a majority of the outstanding Series D is required to: (a) amend or repeal any provision of, or add any provision to, the
Company s Articles of Incorporation or bylaws, or file any Certificate of Designation (however such document is named) or articles
of amendment to create any class or any series of preferred stock, if such action would adversely alter or change in any respect the
preferences, rights, privileges or powers, or restrictions provided for the benefit, of the Series D, regardless of whether any such
action shall be by means of amendment to the Articles of Incorporation or bylaws or by merger, consolidation or otherwise or filing any
Certificate of Designation, it being understood that the creation of a new security having rights, preferences or privileges senior to
or on parity with the Series D in a future financing will not constitute an amendment, addition, alteration, filing, waiver or repeal
for these purposes; (b) increase or decrease (other than by conversion) the authorized number of Series D; (c) issue any Series D, other
than to the Investors; or (d) without limiting any provision hereunder, whether or not prohibited by the terms of the Series D, circumvent
a right of the Series D. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, shares of Series D were outstanding. 

Series
E preferred shares 

To
consummate the Series E Offerings described below, the Company s Board of Directors (the Board created the Series
E Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series E pursuant to the authority vested in the Board by the Company s Amended
and Restated Articles of Incorporation to issue up to shares of preferred stock, par value per share, of which 
are unissued and undesignated. 

On
October 6, 2020, the Board filed the Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series E Convertible Preferred
Stock (the Series E COD with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada designating shares of preferred stock
as Series E. On December 28, 2020, the Board filed an Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations
of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock (the Amended Series E COD with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada.
The Series E has a stated value of per share (the Stated Value ). Pursuant with the Amended Series E COD, 

Each
 holder of Series E has the right to cast the number of votes equal to the number of whole shares of Common Stock into which the shares
 of Series E held by such holder are convertible as of the applicable record date. 

Unless
 prohibited by Nevada law governing distributions to stockholders, for a period of one-year beginning with the Original Issuance Date,
 as defined, the Corporation shall have the right but not the obligation to redeem all outstanding Series E (and not any part of the
 Series E) at a price equal to of (i) the Stated Value per share plus (ii) all unpaid dividends thereon. If the Company fails
 to redeem all outstanding Series E on the redemption date, it shall be deemed to have waived its redemption right. 

Subject
to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, at any time during the period commencing on the date of the occurrence of a Triggering Event
and ending on the date of the cure of such Triggering Event (the Triggering Event Period ), a Holder may, at such Holder s
option, by delivery of a conversion notice to the Company to convert all, or any number of Series E (such conversion amount of the Series
E to be converted pursuant to this Section 6(b) (the Triggering Event Conversion Amount ), into shares of Common Stock at
the Triggering Event Conversion Price. The Triggering Event Conversion Amount means of the Stated Value and the Triggering
Event Conversion Price means . 

T RANSPORTATION
 AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

Triggering
events include, but are not limited to, (1) failure to satisfy Rule 144 current public information requirements; (2) ceasing to be a
reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or failing to comply with the
reporting requirements of a reporting company under the Exchange Act; (3) suspension from or termination of trading; (4) failure to reserve
sufficient shares of Common Stock (after cure periods and subject to certain extensions); (5) various insolvency proceedings (subject
to certain carveouts); (6) material breach of the Series E Offerings transaction documents; and (7) failure to comply with conversion
of any Series E shares when requested by the holder thereof. 

If
and whenever on or after the Initial Issuance Date but not after two years from the Original Issuance Date, the Company issues or sells,
or is deemed to have issued or sold, additional shares of common stock, options, warrants of convertible instruments, other than an Exempt
Issuance, for a consideration per share (the Base Share Price less than a price equal to the Conversion Price in effect
immediately prior to such issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale (such Conversion Price then in effect is reflected to herein as
the Applicable Price (the foregoing a Dilutive Issuance ), then immediately after such Dilutive Issuance,
the conversion price then in effect shall be reduced to an amount equal to the Base Share Price. 

From
and after the Original Issuance Date, cumulative dividends on each share of Series E shall accrue, whether or not declared by the Board
of Directors and whether or not there are funds legally available for the payment of dividends, on a daily basis in arrears at the rate
of per annum based on a 360-day year on the Stated Value plus all unpaid accrued and accumulated dividends thereon. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has accrued dividends of and , respectively, which has been included in accrued expenses
on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

On
a pari passu basis with the holders of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock that was issued and outstanding, upon the liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of the business of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the Series E is entitled to receive an amount per share
equal to the Stated Value and then receive a pro-rata portion of the remaining assets available for distribution to the holders of Common
Stock on an as-converted to Common Stock basis. Until the date that such Series E shareholder no longer owns at least 50 of the Series
E, the holders of Series E have the right to participate, pro rata, in each subsequent financing in an amount up to 25 of the total
proceeds of such financing on the same terms, conditions and price otherwise available in such subsequent financing. 

Approval
of at least a majority of the outstanding Series E is required to: (a) amend or repeal any provision of, or add any provision to, the
Company s Articles of Incorporation or bylaws, or file any Certificate of Designation (however such document is named) or articles
of amendment to create any class or any series of preferred stock, if such action would adversely alter or change in any respect the
preferences, rights, privileges or powers, or restrictions provided for the benefit, of the Series E, regardless of whether any such
action shall be by means of amendment to the Articles of Incorporation or bylaws or by merger, consolidation or otherwise or filing any
Certificate of Designation, but the creation of a new security having rights, preferences or privileges senior to or on parity with the
Series E in a future financing will not constitute an amendment, addition, alteration, filing, waiver or repeal for these purposes; (b)
increase or decrease (other than by conversion) the authorized number of Series E; (c) issue any Series D Convertible Preferred Stock,
(d) issue any Series E in excess of or (e) without limiting any provision under the Series E COD, whether or not prohibited by
the terms of the Series E, circumvent a right of the Series E. 

During
the three months ended March 31, 2021, the Company entered into Securities Purchase Agreements with investors pursuant to which the Investors
agreed to purchase units, severally and not jointly, which consisted of an aggregate of (i) shares of Series E and (ii) Warrants
to purchase shares of the Company s common stock which are equal to warrants for each share of Series E purchased
(the Q1 2021 Series E Offering ). The gross proceeds to the Company were , or per unit. The Company paid
fees of and received net proceeds of . The initial exercise price of the Warrants related to the Q1 2021 Series E
Offering is per share, subject to adjustment. Additionally, the Company issued warrants to the placement agent at an
initial exercise price of per share. In connection with the issuance of the Series E and related warrants, during the three months
ended March 31, 2021, the Company recorded a deemed dividend of related to the beneficial conversion features of the Series
E. 

During
April 2021, the Company entered into Securities Purchase Agreements with investors pursuant to which the Investors agreed to purchase
units, severally and not jointly, which consisted of an aggregate of (i) shares of Series E and (ii) Warrants to purchase 
shares of the Company s common stock which are equal to warrants for each share of Series E purchased (the April 2021
Series E Offering ). The gross proceeds to the Company were , or per unit. The Company paid fees of and
received net proceeds of . The initial exercise price of the Warrants related to the April 2021 Series E Offering is per
share, subject to adjustment. Additionally, the Company issued warrants to the placement agent at an initial exercise price
of per share. In connection with the issuance of the Series E and related warrants, on April 9, 2021, the Company recorded a deemed
dividend of related to the beneficial conversion features of the Series E. 

In
connection with the Series E Offerings, the Company entered into Registration Rights Agreements (the Series E Registration Rights
Agreements pursuant to which the Company agreed to file a registration statement on Form S-1 to register the resale of the shares
of Common Stock issuable to the Investors upon conversion of the Series E Preferred Stock and exercise of the Warrants. Pursuant to the
Series E Registration Rights Agreements, if a registration statement registering for resale all of the shares of common stock issuable
under Series E Convertible Preferred Stock and Warrants (i) is not filed with the Commission by the Company within 30 days of the closing
dates or any other registration statement, (ii) is not declared effective by the Commission by the Effectiveness Date of the initial
registration statement (90 days following the closing date) or any other registration statement, or (iii) after the effective date of
a registration statement, such registration statement ceases for any reason to remain continuously effective as to all registrable securities
included in such registration statement for more than 30 calendar days during any 12-month period (any such failure or breach being referred
to as an Event , and the date on which such Event occurs, being referred to as Event Date ), then, in addition
to any other rights the Holders may have under the Series E Registration Rights Agreements or under applicable law, on each such Event
Date and on each monthly anniversary of each such Event Date (if the applicable Event shall not have been cured by such date) until the
applicable Event is cured, the Company is obligated to pay to each Holder an amount in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as
a penalty, equal to 1 of the purchase price paid by such Holder pursuant to the Series E Purchase Agreement, during which such Event
continues uncured. Also pursuant to the Series E Registration Rights Agreements, the partial liquidated damages provisions summarized
above apply on a daily pro rata basis for any portion of a month prior to the cure of an Event. The Company did not file its initial
registration statement within 30 days of the closing date of certain of the Registration Rights Agreements (the Filing Events and such registration statement was not declared effective by the Commission by the Effectiveness Date of certain of the Registration
Rights Agreements (the Effectiveness Events ). The Company filed a registration statement on Form S-1 for the shares of
Common Stock issuable to the Investors upon conversion of the Series E Preferred Stock and exercise of the Warrants (the S-1 Registration
Statement on April 22, 2021 (the Filing Date ), which was declared effective by the Commission on May 5, 2021 (the
 Effective Date ). The filing of the S-1 Registration Statement cured the Filing Events as of the Filing Date. The declaration
of effectiveness of the S-1 Registration Statement cured the Effectiveness Events as of the Effective Date. 

T RANSPORTATION
 AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

These
Series E preferred share issuances with redemption provisions that permit the issuer to settle in either cash or common stock, at the
option of the issuer, were evaluated to determine whether temporary or permanent equity classification on the consolidated balance sheet
was appropriate. As per the terms of the Series E preferred stock agreements, the Company shall have the right but not the obligation
to redeem all outstanding Series E (and not any part of the Series E) at a price equal to 115 of (i) the Stated Value per share plus
(ii) all unpaid dividends thereon. As such, since Series E preferred stock is redeemable upon the occurrence of an event that is within
the Company s control, the Series E preferred stock is classified as permanent equity. 

The
Company concluded that the Series E Preferred Stock represented an equity host and, therefore, the redemption feature of the Series E
Preferred Stock was considered to be clearly and closely related to the associated equity host instrument. The redemption features did
not meet the net settlement criteria of a derivative and, therefore, were not considered embedded derivatives that required bifurcation.
The Company also concluded that the conversion rights under the Series E Preferred Stock were clearly and closely related to the equity
host instrument. Accordingly, the conversion rights feature on the Series E Preferred Stock were not considered an embedded derivative
that required bifurcation. 

and issued warrants
to the placement agent at an initial exercise price of per share. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
paid the placement agent cash of and issued warrants to the placement agent at an initial exercise price of 
per share. The cash fee of was charged against the proceeds of the offering in additional paid-in capital and there is no effect
on equity for the placement agent warrants. 

During
the three months ended June 30, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock in connection with the conversion of
 shares of Series E. The conversion ratio was based on the Series E certificate of designation, as amended. 

During
the three months ended September 30, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock in connection with the conversion
of shares of Series E. The conversion ratio was based on the Series E certificate of designation, as amended. 

During
the three months ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock in connection with the conversion
of shares of Series E. The conversion ratio was based on the Series E certificate of designation, as amended. 

During
the three months ended March 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock in connection with the conversion of
 shares of Series E. The conversion ratio was based on the Series E certificate of designation, as amended. 

During
the three months ended June 30, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock in connection with the conversion of 
shares of Series E and paid liquidating damages of . The conversion ratio was based on the Series E certificate of designation,
as amended. 

Series
F preferred share 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreements entered in connection with the Series E Offerings by and among the Company and the
investors named therein (the Series E Investors ), the Company is required to keep reserved for issuance to the Series E
Investors three times the number of shares of common stock issuable to the Series E Investors upon conversion or exercise, as applicable,
of convertible notes and warrants held by the Series E Investors (the Series E Reserve Requirement ). If the Company fails
to meet the Series E Reserve Requirement within 45 days after written notice from a Series E Investor, the Company must, inter alia,
sell to Company s chief executive officer (or such other officer as the board of directors may designate) a series of preferred
stock which holds voting power equal to of the number of votes eligible to vote at any special or annual meeting of the Company s
stockholders (with the power to take action by written consent in lieu of a stockholders meeting) for the sole purpose of amending the
Company s Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of shares of common stock that the Company is authorized
to issue, which such preferred stock will be automatically cancelled upon the effectiveness of the resulting increase in the Company s
authorized stock. 

, one share of Series F Preferred Stock which has voting power equal to
51 of the number of votes eligible to vote at any special or annual meeting of the Company s stockholders (with the power to take
action by written consent in lieu of a stockholders meeting) for the sole purpose of amending the Company s Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of shares of common stock that the Company is authorized to issue. Upon the effectiveness
of the amendment on April 15, 2021, the Series F Preferred Stock was automatically cancelled. The Series F Preferred Stock was not entitled
to vote on any other matter, was not entitled to dividends, was not convertible into any other security of the Company and was not entitled
to any distributions upon liquidation of the Company. 

T RANSPORTATION
 AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

Series
G preferred shares 

On
December 28, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors (the Board filed the Certificate of Designation of Preferences,
Rights and Limitations of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series G COD with the Secretary of State of the State
of Nevada designating shares of preferred stock as Series G. The Series G has a stated value of per share (the Series
G Stated Value ). Pursuant with the Series G COD, 

Each
 holder of Series G has the right to cast the number of votes equal to the number of whole shares of Common Stock into which the shares
 of Series G held by such holder are convertible as of the applicable record date. 

Unless
 prohibited by Nevada law governing distributions to stockholders, for a period of one-year beginning with the Original Issuance Date,
 as defined, the Corporation shall have the right but not the obligation to redeem all outstanding Series G (and not any part of the
 Series G) at a price equal to of (i) the Stated Value per share plus (ii) all unpaid dividends thereon. If the Company fails
 to redeem all outstanding Series G on the redemption date, it shall be deemed to have waived its redemption right. 

If
and whenever on or after the Initial Issuance Date but not after two years from the Original Issuance Date, the Company issues or sells,
or is deemed to have issued or sold, additional shares of common stock, options, warrants of convertible instruments, other than an Exempt
Issuance, for a consideration per share (the Base Share Price less than a price equal to the Conversion Price in effect
immediately prior to such issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale (such Conversion Price then in effect is reflected to herein as
the Applicable Price (the foregoing a Dilutive Issuance ), then immediately after such Dilutive Issuance,
the conversion price then in effect shall be reduced to an amount equal to the Base Share Price. 

From
and after the Original Issuance Date, cumulative dividends on each share of Series G shall accrue, whether or not declared by the Board
of Directors and whether or not there are funds legally available for the payment of dividends, on a daily basis in arrears at the rate
of per annum based on a 360-day year on the Stated Value plus all unpaid accrued and accumulated dividends thereon. As of December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company has accrued dividends of and , respectively, which has been included in accrued
expenses on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

On
a pari passu basis with the holders of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock that was issued and outstanding, upon the liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of the business of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the Series G is entitled to receive an amount per share
equal to the Stated Value and then receive a pro-rata portion of the remaining assets available for distribution to the holders of Common
Stock on an as-converted to Common Stock basis. The holders of Series G have the right to participate, pro rata, in each subsequent financing
in an amount up to of the total proceeds of such financing on the same terms, conditions and price otherwise available in such subsequent
financing. 

Approval
of at least two-thirds of the outstanding Series G is required to: (a) amend or repeal any provision of, or add any provision to, the
Company s Articles of Incorporation or bylaws, or file any Certificate of Designation (however such document is named) or articles
of amendment to create any class or any series of preferred stock, if such action would adversely alter or change in any respect the
preferences, rights, privileges or powers, or restrictions provided for the benefit, of the Series G, regardless of whether any such
action shall be by means of amendment to the Articles of Incorporation or bylaws or by merger, consolidation or otherwise or filing any
Certificate of Designation, but the creation of a new security having rights, preferences or privileges senior to or on parity with the
Series G in a future financing will not constitute an amendment, addition, alteration, filing, waiver or repeal for these purposes; (b)
increase or decrease (other than by conversion) the authorized number of Series G; (c) issue any Series E or Series D Convertible Preferred
Stock, (d) issue any Series G in excess of or (e) without limiting any provision under the Series G COD, whether or not prohibited
by the terms of the Series G, circumvent a right of the Series G. 

On
December 31, 2021, the Company entered into Securities Purchase Agreements with investors pursuant to which the Investors agreed to purchase
units, severally and not jointly, which consisted of an aggregate of (i) shares of Series G and (ii) Warrants to purchase 
shares of the Company s common stock which are equal to warrants for each share of Series G purchased (the December
2021 Series G Offering ). The gross proceeds to the Company were , or 10.00 per unit. The Company paid fees of ,
paid cash of for the settlement of disputed penalties related the Series E and received net proceeds of The initial
exercise price of the Warrants related to the December 2021 Series G Offering is per share, subject to adjustment. In connection
with the issuance of the Series G and related warrants, the Company recorded a deemed dividend of related to the beneficial
conversion features of the Series G. 

On
January 25, 2022, the Company entered into Securities Purchase Agreements with investors pursuant to which the Investors agreed to purchase
units, severally and not jointly, which consisted of an aggregate of (i) shares of Series G and (ii) Warrants to purchase 
shares of the Company s common stock which are equal to warrants for each share of Series G purchased (the January
2022 Series G Offering ). The gross proceeds to the Company were , or per unit. The Company paid placement agent
fees of and received net proceeds of . On March 4, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with
an investor pursuant to which the Investor agreed to purchase units, severally and not jointly, which consisted of an aggregate of (i)
 shares of Series G and (ii) Warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock which are equal to 
warrants for each for each share of Series G purchased (the March 2022 Series G Offering ). The gross proceeds to the Company
were , or per unit. The Company paid placement agent fees of and received net proceeds of . The initial
exercise price of the Warrants related to the January 2022 and March 2022 Series G Offerings is per share, subject to adjustment.
Additionally, the Company issued warrants to the placement agent at an initial exercise price of per share. The aggregate
cash fees of was charged against the proceeds of the offering in additional paid-in capital and there is no effect on equity
for the placement agent warrants. 

In
connection with the Series G Offerings, the Company entered into Registration Rights Agreements (the Series G Registration Rights
Agreements pursuant to which the Company agreed to file a registration statement on Form S-1 to register the resale of the shares
of Common Stock issuable to the Investors upon conversion of the Series G Preferred Stock and exercise of the Warrants. Pursuant to the
Series G Registration Rights Agreements, if a registration statement registering for resale all of the shares of common stock issuable
under Series G Convertible Preferred Stock and Warrants (i) is not filed with the Commission by the Company within 45 days of the closing
dates or any other registration statement, (ii) is not declared effective by the Commission by the Effectiveness Date of the initial
registration statement (90 days following the closing date) or any other registration statement, or (iii) after the effective date of
a registration statement, such registration statement ceases for any reason to remain continuously effective as to all registrable securities
included in such registration statement for more than 30 calendar days during any 12-month period (any such failure or breach being referred
to as an Event , and the date on which such Event occurs, being referred to as Event Date ), then, in addition
to any other rights the Holders may have under the Series G Registration Rights Agreements or under applicable law, on each such Event
Date and on each monthly anniversary of each such Event Date (if the applicable Event shall not have been cured by such date) until the
applicable Event is cured, the Company is obligated to pay to each Holder an amount in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as
a penalty, equal to 1 of the purchase price paid by such Holder pursuant to the Series G Purchase Agreement, during which such Event
continues uncured. Also pursuant to the Series G Registration Rights Agreements, the partial liquidated damages provisions summarized
above apply on a daily pro rata basis for any portion of a month prior to the cure of an Event. The Company filed a registration statement
on Form S-1 for the shares of Common Stock issuable to the Investors upon conversion of the Series G Preferred Stock and exercise of
the Warrants (the S-1 Registration Statement on January 28, 2022 (the Filing Date ), which was declared effective
by the Commission om\n May 13, 2022. The filing of the S-1 Registration Statement cured the Filing Events as of the Filing Date. The
declaration of effectiveness of the S-1 Registration Statement cured the Effectiveness Events as of the Effective Date. 

These
Series G preferred share issuances with redemption provisions that permit the issuer to settle in either cash or common stock, at the
option of the issuer, were evaluated to determine whether temporary or permanent equity classification on the consolidated balance sheet
was appropriate. As per the terms of the Series G preferred stock agreements, the Company shall have the right but not the obligation
to redeem all outstanding Series G (and not any part of the Series E) at a price equal to 115 of (i) the Stated Value per share plus
(ii) all unpaid dividends thereon. As such, since Series G preferred stock is redeemable upon the occurrence of an event that is within
the Company s control, the Series G preferred stock is classified as permanent equity. 

The
Company concluded that the Series G Preferred Stock represented an equity host and, therefore, the redemption feature of the Series G
Preferred Stock was considered to be clearly and closely related to the associated equity host instrument. The redemption features did
not meet the net settlement criteria of a derivative and, therefore, were not considered embedded derivatives that required bifurcation.
The Company also concluded that the conversion rights under the Series G Preferred Stock were clearly and closely related to the equity
host instrument. Accordingly, the conversion rights feature on the Series G Preferred Stock were not considered an embedded derivative
that required bifurcation. 

In
connection with issuance of the Series G, on December 31, 2021, the Company paid the placement agent cash of and issued 
warrants to the placement agent at an initial exercise price of per share. The cash fee of was charged against the proceeds
of the offering in additional paid-in capital and there is no effect on equity for the placement agent warrants. 

In
connection with issuance of the Series G, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid the placement agent cash of 
and issued warrants to the placement agent at an initial exercise price of per share. The cash fee of was charged
against the proceeds of the offering in additional paid-in capital and there is no effect on equity for the placement agent warrants. 

During
the three months ended June 30, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock in connection with the conversion of
 shares of Series G and accrued dividends payable of . The conversion ratio was based on the Series G certificate of designation,
as amended. 

During
the three months ended September 30, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock in connection with the conversion
of shares of Series G and accrued dividends payable of . The conversion ratio was based on the Series G certificate of
designation, as amended. 

Series
H preferred shares 

On
September 20, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors (the Board Board filed the Certificate of Designation of Preferences,
Rights and Limitations of Series H Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series H COD with the Secretary of State of the State
of Nevada designating shares of preferred stock as Series H. The Series H has no stated value. Pursuant with the Series H COD, 

Each
 holder of Series H shall have no voting rights. 

T RANSPORTATION
 AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

Each
 share of Series H shall be convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, subject to beneficial ownership limitations.

Upon
 the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the business of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, each holder of Series
 H preferred stock shall be entitled to receive out of assets of the Company legally available therefor the same amount that a holder
 of the Company s common stock would receive on an as-converted basis (without regard to the beneficial ownership limitation
 or any other conversion limitations hereunder). The right of a Series H Holder to receive such payment shall be preferential to the
 right of holders of common stock but shall be subordinate to the rights of the holder of any other series of preferred stock of the
 Company. 

In
connection with the acquisitions of Freight Connections, on September 16, 2022, the Company issued shares of Series H preferred
stock. These shares were value in the amount of based on the as if converted fair value of the underlying common shares,
or per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. 

Common
stock 

On
February 23, 2021, stockholders holding at least of the voting power of the stock of the Company entitled to vote thereon consented,
in writing, to amend the Company s Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, by adoption of the Certificate of Amendment
to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company to authorize an increase of the number of shares of common stock
that the Company may issue to shares, par value (the 2021 Amendment ). The increase in the number
of authorized shares was needed to meet the share reserve requirements under the Series E. 

The
Company filed a preliminary information statement on Schedule 14C regarding the stockholders consent to the Authorized Share Increase
Amendment with the SEC on March 3, 2021. This consent was sufficient to approve the 2021 Amendment under Nevada law. The Company filed
a definitive information statement on Schedule 14C on March 15, 2021 and first mailed that information statement to stockholders on March
15, 2021. 

Shares
issued in connection with conversion of convertible debt and interest 

On
January 11, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock in connection with the conversion of a convertible note payable
of . The conversion price was based on contractual terms of the related debt. 

During
the three months ended June 30, 2021, the Company and each Q1/Q2 2020 Note investor entered into a letter agreement whereby the investor
waived its right to any Mandatory Default Payment. Accordingly, during the three months ended June 30, 2021, the Company reversed the
accrued Mandatory Penalty amount due of and recorded a gain on debt extinguishment of . Additionally, during the three
months ended June 30, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock upon the conversion of all remaining Q1/Q2 2020
Note principal and interest balances due aggregating . 

During
the three months ended June 30, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock upon the conversion of all remaining April
20 Note principal and interest balances due aggregating . The Company accounted for the conversion of these convertible notes
pursuant to the guidance of ASC 470-20, Debt with Conversion and Other Options. Under ASC 470-20, the Company recognized an aggregate
loss on debt extinguishment upon conversion in the amount of which is associated with the difference between the fair market
value of the shares issued upon conversion and the conversion price and is equal to the fair value of the shares of common stock transferred
upon conversion. 

Shares
issued in connection with conversion of Series E preferred shares 

During
the three months ended June 30, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock in connection with the conversion of
 shares of Series E. The conversion ratio was based on the Series E certificate of designation, as amended. 

During
the three months ended September 30, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock in connection with the conversion
of shares of Series E. The conversion ratio was based on the Series E certificate of designation, as amended. 

During
the three months ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock in connection with the conversion
of shares of Series E. The conversion ratio was based on the Series E certificate of designation, as amended. 

On
January 19, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock in connection with the conversion of shares of Series
E. The conversion ratio was based on the Series E certificate of designation, as amended. 

On
April 13, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock in connection with the conversion of shares of Series
E preferred shares and paid liquidating damages of . The conversion ratio was based on the Series E certificate of designation,
as amended. 

Shares
issued in connection with conversion of Series G preferred shares 

During
the three months ended June 30, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock in connection with the conversion of
 shares of Series G and accrued dividends payable of . The conversion ratio was based on the Series G certificate of designation,
as amended. 

During
the three months ended September 30, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock in connection with the conversion
of shares of Series G and accrued dividends payable of . The conversion ratio was based on the Series G certificate of
designation, as amended. 

T RANSPORTATION
 AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

Shares
issued upon exercise of warrants 

During
the three months ended June 30, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock in connection with the cashless exercise
of warrants. The exercise price was based on contractual terms of the related warrant. 

In
May and June 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock and received proceeds of from the exercise of 
warrants at per share. 

During
the three months ended September 30, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock and received proceeds of 
from the exercise of warrants at per share. 

During
the three months ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock and received proceeds of 
from the exercise of warrants at per share. 

During
the three months ended March 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock and received proceeds of from
the exercise of warrants at per share. 

During
the three months ended June 30, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock in connection with the cashless exercise
of warrants. The exercise price was based on contractual terms of the related warrant. 

Shares
issued in connection with acquisition 

In
connection with the acquisition of Freight Connections, as part of the purchase price consideration, the Company issued shares
of its common stock. The Company valued these common shares at a fair value of , or per common share, based on the
quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. 

Shares
issued for compensation 

On
March 11, 2022, pursuant to an employment agreement with the Company s chief executive officer dated January 4, 2022, the Company s
Board of Directors granted the chief executive officer shares of its common stock which were valued at , or 
per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. These shares will vest
in equal annual installments with the first installment of shares vesting on January 3, 2022, and common shares
vesting each year through January 3, 2025. In connection with these shares, the Company valued these common shares at a fair value of
 and will record stock-based compensation expense over the vesting period which is included in the aggregate accretion of stock-based
compensation reflected below. 

On
March 11, 2022 and effective January 4, 2022, the Company agreed to grant restricted stock awards to three independent members of the
Company s board of directors for an aggregate of common shares of the Company which were valued at , or 
per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. These shares will vest
in equal quarterly installments with the first installment of shares vesting on March 31, 2022, and common
shares vesting each quarter through December 31, 2022. In connection with these shares, the Company valued these common shares at a fair
value of and will record stock-based compensation expense over the vesting period which is included in the aggregate accretion
of stock-based compensation reflected below. 

On
March 11, 2022 and effective January 4, 2022, the Company agreed to grant restricted stock awards to the Company s chief financial
officer for common shares of the Company which were valued at , or per common share, based on the quoted closing
price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. These shares will vest in equal quarterly installments with the first
installment of shares vesting on March 31, 2022, and common shares vesting each quarter through December 31, 2022.
In connection with these shares, the Company valued these common shares at a fair value of and will record stock-based compensation
expense over the vesting period which is included in the aggregate accretion of stock-based compensation reflected below. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, aggregate accretion of stock-based compensation expense on the above granted shares amounted
to and , respectively. Total unrecognized compensation expense related to these vested and unvested common shares on December
31, 2022 amounted to which will be amortized over the remaining vesting period of approximately years. 

On
March 11, 2022, the Company agreed to grant restricted stock awards to the Company s former chief executive officer and current
member of the Company s board of directors for common shares of the Company which were valued at , or 
per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. These shares vested
immediately. In connection with these shares, the Company valued these common shares at a fair value of and recorded stock-based
compensation expense of . 

On
February 1, 2022 and amended on May 1, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of of its common shares pursuant to a consulting
agreement. These shares were valued at , or a share price ranging from to , based on the quoted closing price of
the Company s common stock on the measurement dates. In connection with these shares, the Company valued these common shares at
a fair value of and the Company recorded stock-based professional fees of . 

T RANSPORTATION
 AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

Shares vested 

Non-vested, December
 31, 2022 

Warrants 

Warrants
issued and exercised in connection with Series E preferred shares 

In
connection with certain down-round provisions on the Series E warrants issued in October 2020, in January 2021, the Company increased
the number of warrants by . 

In
connection with the sale of Series E preferred shares, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued warrants to purchase
 shares of the Company s common stock at an initial exercise price of per share. Additionally, the Company issued
 warrants to the placement agent at an initial exercise price of per share. (See Series E preferred shares above). 

During
the three months ended June 30, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock in connection with the cashless exercise
of warrants. The exercise price was based on contractual terms of the related warrant. 

In
May and June 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock and received proceeds of from the exercise of 
warrants at per share. 

During
the three months ended September 30, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock and received proceeds of 
from the exercise of warrants at per share. 

During
the three months ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock and received proceeds of 
from the exercise of warrants at per share. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company entered into Securities Purchase Agreements with certain of the holders of its existing
Series E preferred warrants Exercising Warrants Holders ). Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreements, the Exercising
Warrants Holders and the Company agreed that the Exercising Warrants Holders would cash exercise their existing warrants, into shares
of common stock underlying such existing warrants Shares. In order to induce the Exercising Warrant Holders to cash exercise their existing
Warrants, the Securities Purchase Agreements provided for the issuance of new warrants New Warrants with such New Warrants
to be issued in an amount equal to 50 of the number of shares acquired by the Existing Warrant Holder through the exercise of existing
warrants for cash. The New Warrants are exercisable upon issuance and terminate five years following the initial exercise date. The New
Warrants have an exercise price per share of . During the year ended December 31, 2021, of the warrants exercised for
cash, a total of existing warrants were exercised for cash contemporaneously with the execution of the Securities Purchase
Agreements resulting in total proceeds to the Company of . In connection with the exercise of these existing warrants for cash,
the Company issued an aggregate of New Warrants. The New Warrants issued in connection with the Securities Purchase Agreements
were considered inducement warrants and are classified in equity. The fair value of the New Warrants issued was and were expensed
as warrant exercise inducement expense on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

During
the three months ended March 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock and received proceeds of from
the exercise of warrants at per share. 

During
the three months ended June 30, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock in connection with the cashless exercise
of warrants. The exercise price was based on contractual terms of the related warrant. 

Warrants
issued in connection with Series G preferred shares 

In
connection with the sale of Series G preferred shares, on December 31, 2021, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares
of the Company s common stock at an initial exercise price of per share. Additionally, the Company issued warrants
to the placement agent at an initial exercise price of per share. 

In
connection with the sale of Series G preferred shares, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued warrants to purchase
 shares of the Company s common stock at an initial exercise price of per share. Additionally, the Company issued
 warrants to the placement agent at an initial exercise price of per share. 

Granted 

Inducement warrants granted 

Increase in warrants related to price protection 

Exercises 

Balance Outstanding December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercises 

Balance Outstanding
 December 31, 2022 

Exercisable, December
 31, 2022 

T RANSPORTATION
 AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

Stock
options 

- 
 
 Granted/cancelled 
 - 

Balance Outstanding December 31, 2021 

- 
 
 Granted/Cancelled 
 - 
 - 

Balance Outstanding
 December 31, 2022 

- 
 
 Exercisable, December
 31, 2022 

- 

to close out the estates of Prime
EFS and Shypdirect. The Company is currently negotiating this amount and cannot predict the outcome of this demanded amount. Accordingly,
during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a contingency loss of and as of December 31, 2022, the Company
accrued the potential settlement amount of which is included in accrued expenses on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet
.. 

T RANSPORTATION
 AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

In
order to deconsolidate Prime EFS and Shypdirect, the carrying values of the assets and liabilities of Prime EFS and Shypdirect were removed
from the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of September 7, 2021. In connection with the deconsolidation, the Company recognized
a gain on deconsolidation of subsidiaries of which is included in Gain on deconsolidation of subsidiaries within
other income (expenses) during the year ended December 31, 2021 and consisted of the following: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Insurance payable 

Contingency liabilities 

Lease liabilities, current portion 

Accrued compensation
 and related benefits 

Total liabilities
 deconsolidated 

Assets deconsolidated: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Property and equipment,
 net 

Total assets deconsolidated 

Gain on deconsolidation of subsidiaries 

Less: additional
 cash payments made on behalf of deconsolidated subsidiaries 

Gain on deconsolidation
 of subsidiaries 

, which
amount as December 31, 2021 had been accrued and included in accrued expenses on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

As
a result of the March 2022 settlement, and since the Company has not received any further communications concerning this matter, the
Company considers the matter to be closed and terminated. 

Bellridge
Capital, L.P. v. TLSS and Mercadante 

On
September 11, 2020, a prior lender to the Company, Bellridge Capital, L.P., filed a civil action against TLSS and others in the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The case was assigned Case No. 20-cv-7485. 

After
discontinuing the foregoing federal action voluntarily and without prejudice, on April 23, 2021, Bellridge filed a substantially similar
civil action in New York Supreme Court, New York County, which was assigned index number 652728/2021. 

On
April 29, 2022, all parties to the Bellridge State Court Action agreed to settle the case and exchange mutual general releases for a
cash payment by the Company to Bellridge of , which amount was paid in May 2022, at which time the releases took effect. In partial
consideration for the settlement, the Company and Bellridge also cancelled the shares of Series B Preferred Stock previously
held by Bellridge, as reflected on the Company s balance sheets as of December 31, 2021. In connection with this settlement, during
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded settlement expense of . 

SCS,
LLC v. TLSS 

On
January 14, 2021, a former financial consultant to the Company, SCS, LLC, filed an action against the Company in the Circuit Court of
the 15 th Judicial Circuit, Palm Beach County, Florida, captioned SCS, LLC v. Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc. The
case was assigned Case No. 50-2020-CA-012684. 

In
this action, SCS alleges that it entered into a renewable six-month consulting agreement with the Company dated September 5, 2019 and
that the Company failed to make certain monthly payments due thereunder for the months of October 2019 through March 2020, summing to
 . The complaint alleges claims for breach of contract, quantum meruit, unjust enrichment and account stated. 

On
February 9, 2021, the Company filed its answer, defenses and counterclaims in this action. Among other things, the Company avers that
SCS s claims are barred by its unclean hands and other inequitable conduct, including breach of its duties (i) to maintain the
confidentiality of information provided to SCS and (ii) to work only in furtherance of the Company s interests, not in furtherance
of SCS s own, and conflicting, interests. The Company also avers, in its counterclaims, that SLS owes the Company damages in excess
of the sought in the main action because SLS was at least grossly negligent in any due diligence it undertook before recommending
that the Company acquire Prime EFS LLC in June 2018. SCS filed a motion to strike TLSS s defenses and counterclaims, and TLSS opposed
that application. Those motions remain sub judice. 

T RANSPORTATION
 AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

A
two-day non-jury trial was held in this action in Palm Beach County, Florida, on April 20-21, 2022. However, at the end of the second
day a mistrial was declared because SCS had not withdrawn its motion to strike and answered the counterclaims. Since the mistrial, there
have been no further filings or proceedings in this case. 

The
Company believes it has substantial defenses to all claims alleged in SCS s complaint. The Company therefore intends to defend
this case vigorously. 

Because
there have been no further filings or proceedings on this case since April 2022, it is not possible to evaluate the likelihood of a favorable
or unfavorable outcome, nor is it possible to estimate the amount or range of any potential loss in the matter. However, the demand remains
 . 

Shareholder
Derivative Action 

On
June 25, 2020, the Company was served with a putative shareholder derivative action filed in the Circuit Court of the 15 th 
Judicial Circuit in and for Palm Beach County, Florida (the Court captioned SCS, LLC, derivatively on behalf of Transportation
and Logistics Systems, Inc. v. John Mercadante, Jr., Douglas Cerny, Sebastian Giordano, Ascentaur LLC and Transportation and Logistics
Systems, Inc. The action has been assigned Case No. 2020-CA-006581. 

The
plaintiff in this action, SCS, alleges it is a limited liability company formed by a former chief executive officer and director of the
Company, Lawrence Sands. The complaint alleges that between April 2019 and June 2020, the immediately prior chairman and chief executive
officer of the Company, Mercadante, the former chief development officer of the Company, Cerny, and, since February 2020, the Company s
then restructuring consultant who is now chairman and chief executive officer of the Company, Giordano, breached fiduciary duties owed
to the Company. Prior to becoming CEO, Giordano rendered his services to the Company through the final named defendant in the action,
Ascentaur LLC. 

Briefly,
the complaint alleges that Mercadante breached duties to the Company by, among other things, requesting, in mid-2019, that certain preferred
equity holders, including SCS, convert their preferred shares into Company Common Stock in order to facilitate an equity offering by
the Company and then not consummating that offering. The complaint also alleges that Mercadante and Cerny caused the Company to engage
in purportedly wasteful and unnecessary transactions such as taking merchant cash advances (MCA) on disadvantageous terms. The complaint
further alleges that Mercadante and Cerny issued themselves over two million shares of common stock without consideration. 
The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory and punitive damages on behalf of the Company for breach of fiduciary duty, negligent breach
of fiduciary duty, constructive fraud, and civil conspiracy and the appointment of a receiver or custodian for the Company. 

Company
management tendered the complaint to the Company s directors and officers liability carrier for defense and indemnity
purposes, which coverage is subject to a self-insured retention. Each of the individual defendants and Ascentaur LLC has advised
that they vigorously deny each and every allegation of wrongdoing alleged in the complaint. Among other things, Mercadante asserts that
he made every effort to consummate an equity offering in late 2019 and early 2020 and could not do so solely because of the Company s
precarious financial condition. Mercadante also asserts that he made clear to SCS and other preferred equity holders, before they converted
their shares into common stock, that there was no guarantee the Company would be able to consummate an equity offering in late 2019 or
early 2020. In addition, Mercadante and Cerny assert that they received equity in the Company on terms that were entirely fair to the
Company and entered into MCA transactions solely because no other financing was available to the Company. 

By
order dated and issued September 15, 2022, the Circuit Judge assigned to this case dismissed the original Complaint in the matter, finding
(a) that SCS had failed to adequately allege it has standing and (b) that the complaint fails to adequately allege a cognizable claim.
The dismissal was without prejudice, meaning SCS could attempt to replead its claims. 

On
October 5, 2022, SCS filed an Amended Complaint in this action. By order dated and issued December 19, 2022, the Circuit Judge assigned
to this case once again dismissed the case, finding (a) that SCS still failed to adequately allege it has standing and (b) that the complaint
still fails to adequately allege a cognizable claim. Once again, however, the dismissal was without prejudice. 

On
January 18, 2023, SCS filed a Second Amended Complaint in this action. All defendants once again moved to dismiss the pleading or in
the alternative for summary judgment on it in their favor. The Court heard argument on that motion on March 9, 2023. As of this writing,
the parties are awaiting a ruling by the Court on the motion heard March 9, 2023. 

While
they hope to prevail on the March 9, 2023, motion, win or lose, defendants in this action advise that they believe the action to be frivolous
(a position with which we agree) and intend to mount a vigorous defense to this action. 

Owing
to the fact that no discovery has occurred in the case, however, it is not possible to evaluate the likelihood of a favorable or unfavorable
outcome, nor is it possible to estimate the amount or range of any potential loss in the matter. In a derivative case, any recovery is
to be paid to the corporation; however, the individual defendants in this case are fully indemnified by the Company unless a final judgment
is entered against them for deliberate or intentional misconduct. 

Jose
R. Mercedes-Mejia v. Shypdirect LLC, Prime EFS LLC et al. 

On
August 4, 2020, an action was filed against Shypdirect, Prime EFS and others in the Superior Court of New Jersey for Bergen County captioned
 Jose R. Mercedes-Mejia v. Shypdirect LLC, Prime EFS LLC et al . The case was assigned docket number BER-L-004534-20. 

In
this action, the plaintiff seeks reimbursement of his medical expenses and damages for personal injuries following an accident with a
box truck leased by Prime EFS and subleased to Shypdirect and being driven by a Prime EFS employee, in which the plaintiff s ankle
was injured. Plaintiff has thus far transmitted medical bills exceeding . Prime EFS and Shypdirect demanded their vehicle liability
carrier assume the defense of this action. To date, the carrier has not done so, allegedly inter alia because the box truck was
not on the list of insured vehicles at the time of the accident. 

T RANSPORTATION
 AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

On
November 9, 2020, Prime EFS and Shypdirect filed their answer to the complaint in this action and also filed a third-party action against
the insurance company in an effort to obtain defense and indemnity for this action. 

On
May 21, 2021, Prime EFS and Shypdirect also filed an action in the Supreme Court, State of New York, Suffolk County (the Suffolk
County Action ), seeking defense and indemnity for this claim from the insurance brokerage, TCE/Acrisure LLC, which sold the County
Hall insurance policy to Shypdirect. 

On
August 19, 2021, the Plaintiff filed a motion for leave to file a First Amended Complaint to name four (4) additional parties as defendants
 TLSS, Shyp CX, Inc., Shyp FX, Inc. and Cougar Express, Inc. In the claim against TLSS, Plaintiff seeks to pierce the corporate
veil and hold TLSS responsible for the alleged liabilities of Prime and/or Shypdirect as the supposed alter ego of these subsidiaries.
In the claims against Shyp CX, Inc., Shyp FX, Inc. and Cougar Express, Inc., Plaintiff seeks to hold these entities responsible for the
alleged liabilities of Prime and/or Shypdirect on a successor liability theory. 

On
September 16, 2021, each of these entities filed papers in opposition to this motion. 

On
September 24, 2021, the Court granted Plaintiff s motion for leave to amend the complaint, thus adding TLSS, Shyp CX, Inc., Shyp
FX, Inc. and Cougar Express, Inc. as Defendants. 

On
October 22, 2021, Acrisure stipulated to consolidate the Suffolk County Action into and with the Bergen County action. 

On
November 22, 2021, all Defendants filed their Answer to the First Amended Complaint. On November 3, 2021, Prime EFS and Shypdirect refiled
their Third-Party Complaint against TCI/Acrisure in the Bergen County action. On December 23, 2021, Acrisure filed its Answer to the
Third-Party Complaint, denying its material allegations. 

On
March 2, 2022, Plaintiff sought and was granted leave to file a Second Amended Complaint, bringing claims against Prime and Shypdirect s
vehicle liability carrier, County Hall (for discovery) as well as the producing broker, TCE/Acrisure. Plaintiff also asserted additional
alter ego allegations against TLSS. 

On
February 15, 2023, Plaintiff filed a motion for leave to file a Third Amended Complaint in this action, seeking to assert claims against
TLSS s former CEO, John Mercadante, also on a pierce the corporate veil theory. On March 9, 2023, TLSS, Prime and
Shypdirect opposed the motion for leave to add Mercadante, arguing that any claim against Mercadante would be both futile and time-barred.
As of this writing, defendants are awaiting Plaintiff s reply papers and an argument date from the Court on this motion. 

Under
the currently operative pre-trial order, entered October 4, 2022, all discovery in this case must be concluded by June 30, 2023. In January
and February, 2023, numerous depositions were taken in the case, including those of Messrs. Giordano and Mercadante. 

TLSS
intends to vigorously defend itself in this action and to pursue the third-party actions, in the name and right of Prime and Shypdirect,
against both County Hall and TCE/ Acrisure. 

Under
a so-called MCS-90 reimbursement endorsement to the County Hall policy, TLSS believes that Prime and Shypdirect may have up to 
in coverage under a 1980 federal law under which County Hall is require[d] to pay damages for certain claims or suits 
that are not covered by the policy. See Endorsement CHI 290 (02/19) to County Hall policy effective May 31, 2019.) 

Under
New Jersey law, it is well established that a corporation is a separate entity from its shareholder(s) and a primary reason for incorporation
is the insulation of shareholders from the liabilities of the corporate enterprise. 

The
New Jersey Supreme Court in Richard A. Pulaski Const. Co. v. Air Frame Hangars, Inc. , 195 N.J. 457, 472 73 (2008) held that,
in light of the fundamental propositions that a corporation is a separate entity from its shareholders, and that a primary reason
for incorporation is the insulation of shareholders from the liabilities of the corporate enterprise, courts will not pierce a
corporate veil [e]xcept in cases of fraud, injustice, or the like... (citations omitted). The New Jersey Supreme
Court further held that: 

The
limitations placed on a claimant s ability to reach behind a corporate structure are intentional, as [t]he purpose of the
doctrine of piercing the corporate veil is to prevent an independent corporation from being used to defeat the ends of justice, to perpetrate
fraud, to accomplish a crime, or otherwise to evade the law[.] (citations omitted). Hence, to invoke that form of relief, the
party seeking an exception to the fundamental principle that a corporation is a separate entity from its principal bears the burden of
proving that the court should disregard the corporate entity. . 

The
purpose of piercing the corporate veil is thus to prevent an independent corporation from being used to defeat the ends of justice, perpetrate
fraud, to accomplish a crime, or otherwise to evade the law. 

To
pierce the corporate veil and impute alter ego liability on TLSS for the alleged torts of Prime, Shypdirect and/or their agents, employees
and servants, the Plaintiff herein would have to establish: (1) that Prime and Shypdirect were utterly dominated by TLSS
and (2) that respecting the separate corporate existences of the subsidiaries would perpetrate a fraud or injustice, or otherwise circumvent
the law. FDASmart, Inc. v. Dishman Pharmaceuticals and Chemicals, Ltd., et al. , 448 N.J. Super. 195, 204 (App. Div. 2016). A plaintiff
must satisfy this burden by clear and convincing evidence. 

To
determine whether the first element has been satisfied, courts consider whether the parent company so dominated the subsidiary that the
latter had no separate existence but was merely a conduit for the parent. In considering the level of dominance exercised by the parent
over the subsidiary, the court will consider factors such as common ownership, financial dependency, interference with a subsidiary s
selection of personnel, disregard of corporate formalities, and control over a subsidiary s marketing and operational policies. 

T RANSPORTATION
 AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

To
date, to the best of the undersigned s knowledge, information and belief, no discovery has been taken in this action which would
permit the imposition of alter ego liability on TLSS for the subject accident. 

To
date, to the best of the undersigned s knowledge, information and belief, no discovery has been taken in this action which would
permit the imposition of successor liability on Shyp CX, Inc., Shyp FX, Inc. and/or Cougar Express, Inc. for the subject accident. 

However,
owing to the early stage of this heavily litigated action, we cannot evaluate the likelihood of an adverse outcome or estimate the Company s
liability, if any, in connection with this claim. 

Holdover
Proceeding 

On
February 16, 2022, the landlord for the leased premises from which Cougar Express previously conducted its Valley Stream New York business,
Airport Park LLC Airport ), filed an action to evict and for unpaid holdover rent against Cougar Express and TLSS. The
case was No. LT-000550-22/NA, filed in Landlord Tenant Court in Nassau County District Court. 

In
the case, Airport sought to evict Cougar Express forthwith and to collect for each month of holdover occupancy starting January
1, 2022 through the month of any eviction, plus statutory interest, costs and attorneys fees. is twice the monthly
rent collected in the last year of the expired lease and is computed correctly under the holdover provision in the expired lease. 

By
stipulation filed with the Court on May 19, 2022, this matter was settled and terminated. Pursuant to the settlement, Cougar Express
agreed to pay, and paid, certain unpaid common charges of and monthly rent at a rate of per month until Cougar Express
vacated the premises. Cougar Express also agreed to vacate the Valley Stream premises by September 30, 2022. Following Cougar s
acquisition of JFK Cartage, Cougar Express was able to vacate, and vacated the Valley Stream location by September 30, 2022. 

Since
the May 2022 settlement and Cougar s vacating the subject premises in timely fashion, the Company has not received any further
communications concerning this matter. The Company therefore views the matter as closed and terminated. 

 COR
Holdings, LLC 

In
the second quarter of 2022, COR Holdings LLC, a lender to the Company s former Prime EFS subsidiary, made an informal (email) demand
that it be issued shares of Company common stock in exchange for an alleged balance due. The Company had, pursuant
to a debt conversion rights agreement dated August 28, 2020, granted COR a one-year option to exchange the debt at per share of
Company common stock; however, COR never exercised that option prior to its expiration on . The Company believes, on advice
of counsel, that COR s sole remedy for the unpaid debt is through Prime EFS s Assignment for Benefit of Creditors proceeding
in New Jersey. Therefore, if COR chooses to pursue this claim against the Company, the Company intends to oppose it vigorously. However,
because no formal claim has been filed, we cannot evaluate the likelihood of an adverse outcome or estimate the Company s liability,
if any, in connection with this claim. 

Ryder
Truck Rental, Inc. 

In
the first quarter of 2022, an attorney representing Ryder Truck Rental issued a letter to certain former officers and employees of the
Company s former Shypdirect subsidiary, demand payment of under certain open invoices for trucks leased by Shypdirect,
 in certain additional charges under a 2018 contract, and in attorney s fees. Solely to avoid the expense
and distraction of litigation, including without limitation, certain alter ego and derivative liability claims alleged by Ryder, on August
5, 2022, the Company, pursuant to a Settlement Agreement and Mutual General Releases dated August 2, 2022, paid Ryder in full
and final settlement. The release of claims executed by Ryder covers, among others, the Company and all its former and current subsidiaries,
directors, officers and employees as well as all former members and managers of Shypdirect. Since the August 2022 settlement, the Company
has not received any further communications concerning this matter. The Company therefore views the matter as closed and terminated. 

Maria
Lugo v. JFK Cartage 

The
Company s JFK Cartage, Inc. subsidiary is one of three (3) defendants in an action captioned Maria Lugo v. JFK Cartage, Inc.
d/b/a Fifth Dimension Logistix, Joan Ton, individually, and Chris Bartley, individually . The case is pending in Supreme Court, State
of New York, Queens County, Index No. 704862/2022. 

 In
this action, which was filed March 4, 2022, a former employee of JFK Cartage alleges that she suffered discrimination and retaliation
in violation of the New York City Human Rights Law and the New York State Human Rights Law. The former employee alleges that on December
28, 2021, she had Covid-19 symptoms, advised the defendants she was feeling ill and went home early to take a home test. She further
alleges that on December 30, 2021, she tested positive for Covid-19 and informed defendants she had to isolate for ten (10) days. Plaintiff
alleges that she returned to work on January 7, 2022, but that her employment was terminated later that day by defendant Bartley who
 questioned the authenticity of the at-home test, accusing her of fraud. Plaintiff claims her employment was terminated
due to her disability (a Covid-19 infection) and in retaliation for her requesting reasonable accommodation for the illness she suffered. 
She seeks unspecified compensatory damages, including lost pay and benefits, punitive damages and attorneys fees. 

 On
December 16, 2022, all defendants filed an answer and affirmative defenses, denying all claims for statutory violations. The case is
currently in discovery. The conduct alleged in the complaint occurred prior to the Company s July 31, 2022, acquisition of JFK
Cartage, Inc. The Company believes that, in relation to this action, it has a right to full indemnification from the selling stockholder
(including for attorneys fees) as well as set-off rights against notes payable to the selling stockholder. 

 Owing to (among other
things) the fact that discovery in this action has just begun, it is not possible to evaluate the likelihood of a favorable or unfavorable
outcome, nor is it possible to estimate the amount or range of any potential loss in the matter. 

Elaine
Pryor v. Rocio Perez, et al . 

 The
Company s Freight Connections, Inc. subsidiary FCI is one of three (3) named defendants in an action captioned Elaine
Pryor v. Rocio Perez, North Trucking Logistics, LLC and Freight Connections, Inc. The case is pending in Superior Court of
New Jersey, Essex County, Docket No. ESX-L-5147-18. 

 In
this action, which was filed in 2018, plaintiff alleges that on February 1, 2017, she suffered personal injuries in a collision between
her motor vehicle and a truck operated by a then employee of FCI. Plaintiff alleges that the truck was owned by FCI and leased
to North Trucking Logistics at the time. 

 At
present, there are two other actions pending related to insurance coverage for the accident. They are Acceptance Indemnity Insurance
Company v. Freight Connections, LLC (Superior Court of New Jersey, Essex County, Docket No. ESX-L-7144-19) and New Jersey Manufacturers
Insurance Company, as subrogee of Elaine Pryor v. Acceptance Indemnity Insurance Company (Superior Court of New Jersey, Essex County,
Docket No. ESX-L-5120). These two actions involving insurance coverage questions have been consolidated with the Pryor personal
injury claim. 

 In
an opinion issued November 16, 2022, the court denied all parties motions for summary judgment on the insurance coverage issues. 

 The
conduct alleged in the Pryor complaint occurred prior to the Company s September 16, 2022 acquisition of FCI. The
selling stockholder of FCI has advised the Company that the truck in question was not owned by FCI at the time of the accident. The
Company is currently investigating this issue as well as who the driver s employer was at the time of the accident. 

 Owing
to (among other things) the above uncertainties, it is not possible to evaluate the likelihood of a favorable or unfavorable outcome,
nor is it possible to estimate the amount or range of any potential loss in the matter. 

Other
than discussed above, as of December 31, 2022, and as of the date of this filing, there were no pending or threatened lawsuits that could
reasonably be expected to have a material effect on results of our operations. 

Consulting
Agreement 

Prior
to January 4, 2022, the Company retained the services of a consultant, Ascentaur, LLC Ascentaur ), pursuant to a Consulting
Agreement between the Company and Ascentaur dated February 21, 2020, as amended (the Consulting Agreement ). Under the Consulting
Agreement, prior to January 4, 2022, Sebastian Giordano, the CEO and principal of Ascentaur, provided management services to the Company
in the role of chief executive under direction of the Board. Prior to the termination of this agreement, Ascentaur received a base consulting
fee of annually, payable in installments of twice a month and during 2021, received eligible bonuses of based
on certain Company revenue, EBITDA, market capitalization or capital raise milestones. In addition, upon approval by the Board, Ascentaur
received stock warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share. In
addition, during 2021, Mr. Giordano received reimbursement of for health benefits. The Company terminated this Consulting Agreement
effective January 4, 2022, when Mr. Giordano became Chair, President and CEO of the Company. 

Employment
agreements 

On
January 3, 2022, as well as annual discretionary bonuses based on the Company s achievement
of performance targets, grants of options, restricted stock or other equity, potentially constituting (with prior grants made to Ascentaur),
at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors, up to 5 of the outstanding common stock of the Company, vesting over the
term of the employment agreement, business expense reimbursement and benefits as generally made available to the Company s executives. 
Pursuant to this employment agreement, on March 11, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors granted the chief executive officer
 shares of its common stock (see Note 9). 

T RANSPORTATION
 AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

On
January, 3, 2022, the Company retained the services of Mr. James Giordano (no relation to Mr. Sebastian Giordano) as Chief Financial
Officer. In addition, Mr. James Giordano is appointed the Company s Treasurer. Previously, Mr. James Giordano served as Chief Financial
Officer and consultant to Freight Connections, Inc., a LTL/line haul transportation services and warehousing provider. Prior to that,
he served as Chief Financial Officer for Farren International, a global supplier of transportation and rigging services. Mr. James Giordano s
employment with the Company is at will. He will receive annual compensation of as well as annual discretionary bonuses and equity
grants, business expense reimbursement and benefits as generally made available to the Company s executives. On March 11, 2022
and effective January 4, 2022, the Company agreed to grant restricted stock awards to the Company s chief financial officer for
 common shares of the Company which were valued at , or per common share, based on the quoted closing price
of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. These shares will vest in equal quarterly installments with the first installment
of shares vesting on March 31, 2022, and common shares vesting each quarter through December 31, 2022. In connection
with these shares, the Company valued these common shares at a fair value of and will record stock-based compensation expense
over the vesting period (See Note 9). 

On
July 6, 2022, the Company entered into a definitive Employment Agreement with James Giordano for Mr. Giordano to serve as the Company s
Chief Financial Officer. The term of such Employment agreement is for a period of two and one-half years through December 31, 2025, which
term may not be terminated early by the Company except for cause as defined in such agreement. Annual base compensation
is , with an annual bonus for 2022 in total up to a maximum of per year conditioned on the achievement of specified
milestones, and future annual bonuses to be conditioned on achievement of milestones to be negotiated based on the circumstances of the
Company at such time. 

On
September 16, 2022, in connection with the acquisition of Freight Connections, Freight Connection and Mr. Joseph Corbisiero entered into
an employment agreement to act as Freight Connections chief executive officer with a term extending through September 16, 2025, which
provides for initial annual compensation of . Base salary shall increase to in year two and in year three.
In addition, Mr. Corbisiero shall be entitled to annual discretionary bonuses based on Freight Connection s achievement of certain
performance results for earnings before interest, taxes, and depreciation and amortization. Furthermore, Mr. Corbisiero shall have the
opportunity to earn annual discretionary bonuses in the form of grants of stock options, restricted stock or other equity, at the discretion
of the Company s Board of Directors, up to 25 of the annual base salary and such grant would vest over a three-year period. Mr.
Corbisiero shall be entitled to business expense reimbursement and benefits as generally made available to the Company s executives
and shall receive an per month auto allowance. 

. The advance is non-interest bearing
and payable on demand. On January 29, 2021, the Company repaid this advance. 

During the period from September 17, 2022 to December
31, 2022, Freight Connections incurred outside trucking costs with companies owned by the Freight Connections Seller, who is currently
Freight Connection s chief executive officer. In connection with the outside trucking services, Freight Connections recorded aggregate
outside trucking expense of , which is included in costs of sales on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. As
of December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount due to these companies amounted to , which is included in accounts payable on the accompanying
consolidated balance sheet. 

Notes
payable related parties 

On
July 3, 2019, the Company entered into a note agreement with an entity that is controlled by the Company s former chief executive
officer s significant other, in the amount of . Commencing on September 3, 2019 and continuing on the third day of each
month thereafter, payments of interest only on the outstanding principal balance of this note was due and payable. Commencing on January
3, 2020 and continuing on the third day of each month thereafter through January 3, 2021, equal payments of principal and interest should
have been made. The principal amount of this note and all accrued, but unpaid interest under this note was due and payable on the earlier
to occur of (i) (the CEO Note Maturity Date ), or (ii) an Event of Default (as defined in the note agreement).
Interest accrued with respect to the unpaid principal sum identified above until such principal was paid at a rate equal to per annum.
On March 17, 2021, the Company and the noteholder entered into a forbearance agreement whereby the Holder agreed to forbear from prosecuting
any enforcement efforts in respect of the Note and extended the payment of the note until December 31, 2021. On October 31, 2021, the
Company and this related party note holder entered into a confidential settlement agreement and mutual release. The Parties adjusted,
settled and compromised the principal balance of the Note of and unpaid accrued interest thereon of , for a discounted
amount of , in full settlement of any and all amounts outstanding. The settlement amount was paid in November 2021. In connection
with this settlement agreement, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a gain on debt extinguishment - related
party of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, interest expense associated with advances from related parties and related party notes payable amounted
to and is included in interest expense related parties on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

On
September 16, 2022, in connection with the acquisition of Freight Connections, Freight Connections issued a promissory note in the amount
of to the Freight Connections Seller, who became the chief executive officer of Freight Connections. per annum and then 10 per annum as of March 1, 2023. The entire unpaid principal under the note, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon and all other amounts payable thereunder, shall be due and payable in one balloon payment on December 31, 2023, unless paid sooner. The promissory note is secured solely by the assets of Freight Connections. On December 31, 2022, the principal amount related to this note was , which is included in notes payable on the accompanying balance sheet (See Note 8). 

of the Company s total net revenues and , respectively).
For the year ended December 31, 2021, four customers represented , , and , respectively) of the Company s
total net revenues, respectively. 

On
December 31, 2022, three customers represented , and , respectively) of the Company s net accounts receivable
balance. On December 31 2021, three customers, represented of the Company s accounts receivable balance , and
 , respectively). 

All
revenues are derived from customers in the United States. 

T RANSPORTATION
 AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

and , respectively, which is expensed during the year and included in operating expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements
of operations. 

The
significant assumption used to determine the present value of the lease liabilities was discount rates of 9 which was based on the Company s
estimated average incremental borrowing rate. 

- 
 
 Less: accumulated
 amortization 
 
 - 
 
 Balance of ROU assets 
 
 - 

- 
 
 Less: current portion
 of lease liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Lease liabilities
 long-term 
 
 - 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total minimum non-cancelable operating lease
 payments 

Less: discount to
 fair value 

Total lease liability
 on December 31, 2022 

Income tax benefit State 

Permanent items 

Effect of change
 in valuation allowance 

Effective income
 tax rate 

T RANSPORTATION
 AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax
 asset 
 - 
 - 

The
net operating loss carryforward was approximately on December 31, 2022. The Company provided a valuation allowance equal
to the net deferred income tax asset as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 because it was not known whether future taxable income will be
sufficient to utilize the loss carryforward. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the valuation allowance increased by .
Additionally, the future utilization of the net operating loss carryforward to offset future taxable income is subject to an annual limitation
as a result of ownership changes that may occur in the future. expires on December
31, 2037. Subsequent to 2017, all estimated loss carry forwards may be carried forward indefinitely subject to annual usage limitations. 

The
Company does not have any uncertain tax positions or events leading to uncertainty in a tax position. The Company s 2019 to 2022
Corporate Income Tax Returns are subject to Internal Revenue Service examination. 

shares of its common stock in connection with the conversion of shares of Series
G and accrued dividends payable of . The conversion ratio was based on the Series G certificate of designation, as amended. 

Shares
issued for compensation 

On
January 3, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors granted the chief operating officer shares of its common stock which
were valued at , or per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement
date. These shares will vest in equal quarterly installments with the first installment of shares vesting on March 31, 2023,
and common shares vesting each quarter through December 31, 2023. In connection with these shares, the Company valued these
common shares at a fair value of and will record stock-based compensation expense over the one year vesting period. 

Credit
risk 

On
March 12, 2023, Signature Bank was closed by its state chartering authority, the New York State Department of Financial Services. On
the same date the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC was appointed as receiver and transferred all customer deposits
and substantially all of the assets of Signature Bank to Signature Bridge Bank, N.A., a full-service bank that is being operated by the
FDIC. The Company automatically became a customer of Signature Bridge Bank, N.A. as part of this action. Normal banking activities resumed
on Monday, March 13, 2023. The Company is currently looking at additional banking options to ensure that its exposure is limited or reduced
to the FDIC protection limits. 

Note
receivable 

In
January 2023, Recommerce repaid the note receivable plus all interest due to the Company (See Note 4). 

Acquisition 

Effective
February 3, 2023, the Company s newly formed wholly-owned subsidiary, TLSS-STI, closed on an acquisition of all outstanding stock
of Severance Trucking, Inc., which together, offer LTL trucking services throughout New England, with an effective date as of the close
of business on January 31 2023. The sellers of the stock of each entity were Kathryn Boyd, Clyde Severance, and Robert Severance, all
individuals (the Sellers ). None of the Sellers are affiliated with the Company or its affiliates. 

The
total purchase price was . TLSS-STI: (i) paid in cash at closing and paid closing expenses of ; (ii) assumed
and paid off in vehicle debt; and (iii) entered into a secured promissory note with the Seller, with interest accruing
at the rate of per annum. The entire unpaid principal under the note, shall be due and payable in three equal payments on August
1, 2023, February 1, 2024, and August 1, 2024, respectively, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereunder, unless paid sooner.
The promissory note is secured solely by the assets of Severance Trucking, Inc. and a corporate guaranty from TLSS. The purchase price
is subject to a post-closing adjustment, up or down, determined by the amount by which Severance Trucking, Inc. working capital as of
the close of business on January 31, 2023, exceeds or falls short of the target working capital, as of September 30, 2022, on which the
purchase price was calculated. 

T RANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

One
of the Sellers also entered into a consulting agreement, including non-competition and non-solicitation provisions, to continue with
Severance Trucking, Inc. after the acquisition for a period of no less than three (3) months and no more than one (1) year. 

The
assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their estimated fair values on the acquisition date, subject to adjustment during
the measurement period with subsequent changes recognized in earnings or loss. These estimates are inherently uncertain and are subject
to refinement. Management develops estimates based on assumptions as a part of the purchase price allocation process to value the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed as of the business acquisition date. As a result, during the purchase price measurement period, which
may be up to one year from the business acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed
based on completion of valuations, with the corresponding offset to intangible assets. After the purchase price measurement period, the
Company may record any adjustments to assets acquired or liabilities assumed in operating expenses in the period in which the adjustments
may have been determined. Based upon the preliminary purchase price allocation, the following table summarizes the estimated fair value
of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of the acquisition: 

Accounts receivable 

Property and equipment,
 net 

Prepaid expenses and
 other assets 

Intangible
 assets 

Total assets acquired
 at fair value 

Liabilities
 assumed: 

Notes payable 

Accounts payable and
 accrued expenses 

Due
 to related party 

Total liabilities
 assumed 

Net assets acquired 

Purchase
 consideration paid: 

Cash paid 

Fees paid 

Note payoffs 

Promissory note 

Total purchase consideration
 paid 

F- 39 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

Not
Applicable 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including Sebastian Giordano, our Chief Executive Officer CEO and James Giordano, our Principal Accounting Officer PAO ), we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Rule 13a-15(e)) for the year ended December
31, 2022. Based upon that evaluation, out CEO and PAO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of
December 31, 2022 because of the items set forth below under Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting : 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined
in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our CEO and PAO, the Company conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that (a)
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
the assets of the Company; (b) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of the our management and directors; and (c) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material
effect on the financial statements. Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013),
our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022 due to the following
material weaknesses: 

1) 
 The
 Company lacks segregation of duties; 

2) 
 There
 is a lack of segregation of duties and monitoring controls regarding accounting because there are only a few accountants maintaining
 the books and records; 

3)
 
 We
 lack control over the books and records of our recently acquired subsidiaries due to a lack of accounting staff and lack of existing
 accounting controls. We have hired additional accounting staff and have begun to institute accounting controls at these subsidiaries 

We
do not believe the material weaknesses described above caused any significant misreporting of our consolidated financial condition and
results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Management
Plan to Remediate Material Weaknesses 

Management
has already begun the implementation of corrective measures to address the material weaknesses described above. In an effort to remediate
the identified material weaknesses and other deficiencies and enhance our internal controls, we have initiated, or plan to initiate,
the following series of measures: 

As
we started the new year in 2022, Sebastian Giordano, who was an outside consultant that was responsible for the Company s
financial turnaround the last two years, transitioned to take the formal role of CEO. His first action was to hire a new CFO and
bring in three new independent and outside board members to strengthen the management controls of the organization. We
currently outsource our financial reporting and other accounting functions to an experienced outsourced accounting and consulting
firm who has been engaged by the Company for the past 5 years. The short-term plan is to keep the financial reporting and accounting
functions outsourced with this outsourced accounting and consulting firm until the Company is large enough to insource it. In the
meantime, the new CFO of the Company is in the process of reviewing and making changes to the current accounting processes and
methodologies as discussed below. 

As
explained above, we have expanded our Board of Directors by three independent and outside members to a total of four directors. Further,
we have established the requisite board committees for audit, compensation, and nominating. The Audit Committee Chairman has current
and prior experience in this role with other public companies listed on the OTC and NASDAQ. 

Segregation
of duty issues are a common area of weakness for smaller companies with back-office operations with less than 5 people. We have made
significant steps to mitigating this material weakness. We started with the hiring of a new, operational experienced CFO to provide oversight
and drive immediate improvement in this area. To address this issue, we have begun implementation or implemented the following policies
or processes: 

Implementation
 of cash management and banking policy which includes increasing the controls related to individuals banking capabilities, utilization
 of a daily cash model and forecast, and policy to move cash receipts from customers to ACH. 

Implementation
 of formalized payment and accounting transaction review and sign-off by the CFO. 

Centralization
 of accounts payable and cash control at the corporate level including the receipt of invoices to a newly created email address and
 process to get authorized approval for invoices prior to input into system. 

Implementation
 and completion of a formal and detailed 2023 and 2022 budgets and forecasts for the consolidated Company. 

Implemented
 a formal monthly business review process to discuss budget vs actual variances, and other operational issues to be presented to the
 Company s CEO and Board of Directors. 

38 

As
discussed above, we have taken steps and plan to continue to take additional steps, to seek to remediate these material weaknesses and
to improve our financial reporting systems and implement new policies, procedures, and controls. We plan on implementing other policies
and procedures to address and mitigate all remaining or new material weaknesses. 

We
believe the remediation measures described above will remediate the material weaknesses we had previously identified and disclosed, and
will strengthen our internal control over financial reporting. We are committed to continuing to improve our internal control processes
and will continue to review our financial reporting controls and procedures diligently and vigorously. As we continue to evaluate and
work to improve our internal control over financial reporting, we may determine to take additional measures to address control deficiencies
or determine to modify, or in appropriate circumstances not to complete, certain of the remediation measures described above. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, except as discussed above (as such term is defined in Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only the management s report in this Annual Report. 

Limitations
on the effectiveness of Controls 

Management
recognizes that any disclosure controls and procedures no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable assurance
of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible
controls and procedures. Our management has reassessed the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and based upon that
evaluation, our sole officer. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections. 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Below
are the names of and certain information regarding the Company s current executive officers and directors: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Date
 Named to 
 Board 
 
 of
 Directors or as 
 Executive
 Officer 
 
 Sebastian
 Giordano 
 
 65 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President, and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 January
 4, 2022 
 
 James
 Giordano 
 
 53 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Secretary, and Treasurer 
 
 January
 3, 2022 
 
 Charles
 Benton 
 
 72 
 
 Director
 and Chairman of the Audit Committee 
 
 January
 20, 2022 
 
 John
 Mercadante 
 
 78 
 
 Director
 and Chairman of the Compensation Committee 
 
 April
 16, 2019 
 
 Norman
 Newton 
 
 56 
 
 Director
 and Chairman of the Nominating Committee 
 
 January
 20, 2022 
 
 Justin
 Frey 
 
 51 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer 
 
 September
 12, 2022 

Directors
are elected to serve until their successors are elected and qualified. Directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast at the
annual meeting of stockholders and hold office until the expiration of the term for which he or she was elected and until a successor
has been elected and qualified. 

A
majority of the authorized number of directors constitutes a quorum of the Board of Directors for the transaction of business. The directors
must be present at the meeting to constitute a quorum. However, any action required or permitted to be taken by the Board of Directors
may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board of Directors individually or collectively consent in writing to the action.
Executive officers are appointed by the Board of Directors and serve at its pleasure. 

The
principal occupation and business experience during at least the past five years for our executive officers and directors is as follows: 

Sebastian
Giordano - Chief Executive Officer, President, and Chairman of the Board of Directors 

For
the past twenty years, Mr. Sebastian Giordano, age 65, has been CEO of Ascentaur, LLC Ascentaur ), providing C-Level consulting
services to a diverse roster of predominantly technology-centric clients, including start-ups, turnarounds, and established businesses
across many industries. From 2013 to 2018, he served as Chief Executive Officer of WPCS International Incorporated, a NASDAQ-listed low-voltage
contracting company. Mr. Sebastian Giordano is a principal with Ascentaur, LLC, a strategic consulting firm which has provided consulting
services to the Company during the preceding two years. Such consulting arrangement has been terminated upon the Company s employment
of Mr. Sebastian Giordano. The Company and Mr. Sebastian Giordano entered into an employment agreement with a term extending through
December 31, 2025 

39 

James
Giordano Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer 

Mr.
James Giordano, age 53, previously served as Chief Financial Officer and consultant to Freight Connections, Inc., an LTL / line haul
transportation services and warehousing provider. Prior to that, he served as Chief Financial Officer for Farren International, a global
supplier of transportation and rigging services. 

Charles
Benton Director 

Mr.
Charles Benton, age 72, currently serves as a director and Audit Chairman of Vision Hydrogen Corp. (OTC: VIHD), a company focused on
the production, storage and distribution of hydrogen for the green energy economy supply chain. In the past, Mr. Benton has held the
positions of Audit Committee Chairman and then Chairman of the Board of WPCS International Incorporated (NASDAQ: WPCS), a design-build
engineering firm focused on the deployment of wireless networks and related services including site design, technology integration, electrical
contracting, construction and maintenance. 

John
Mercadante - Director 

John
Mercadante, age 78. has been the President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of our company since April 16, 2019. For more than
the past five years, John has been a consultant and a manager of his personal investments. John co-founded Leisure Line, Inc., a motor
coach company serving New York City and Atlantic City, New Jersey, in 1970 and served as its Chief Executive Officer for a ten-year period
through the sale of the company to Golden Nugget in 1980. At the time of the sale, Leisure Line was generating approximately 11 million
in annual revenues. In 1988, John cofounded Cape Transit, Inc., a motor coach company servicing Atlantic City, Philadelphia and South
New Jersey. Under John Mercadante s leadership as CEO, annual revenues at Cape Transit grew from 2 million to more than 11 million.
In May 1996, Cape Transit became one of the founding companies of Coach USA, Inc. and John Mercadante became Coach USA s president
and Chief Operating Officer. John was an integral part of growing Coach s annual revenues from 100 million to over 1 billion
in revenues in just three years. The board of directors has concluded that Mr. Mercadante should serve as a director of the Company because
of his extensive management and leadership skills and experience. 

Norman
Newton - Director 

Mr.
Norman Newton, age 56, currently is the President and CEO of AmeriCasa Solutions, LLC, a vertically integrated provider of housing to
the Hispanic Community in the United States. Mr. Newton is also the Managing Director of Newton Vision Corporation NVC ),
a privately held investment and consulting company with deep experience in business process reengineering, optimization, and digital
transformation. 

Justin
Frey Chief Operating Officer 

Mr.
Justin Frey, age 51, worked for FFE Transportation, one of the largest temperature-controlled National LTL transportation companies with
revenues of more than 150 million, serving as terminal manager in California and Illinois before being promoted to Eastern Region Director
of Operations during the years from 2013 to 2018. From 2018 through 2019, Mr. Frey worked as Director of Operations with Dicom/Eastern
Connection, a 40 million regional overnight small package carrier. From 2019 to 2020, he was Director of Freight Operations for Freeman
Company, one of the world s largest event companies with revenues of 2.9 billion worldwide. He most recently held the position
of Vice President of Operations with LandAir, the largest privately held LTL carrier in New England, along with PDS, LandAir s
TL subsidiary, with revenues of 40 million. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among our directors and executive officers. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Our
directors and executive officers have not been involved in any of the following events during the past 10 years: 

1. 
 any
 bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the
 time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

2. 
 any
 conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses); 

3. 
 being
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities
 or banking activities; 

4. 
 being
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
 a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

5. 
 being
 the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
 reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: (i) any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation;
 or (ii) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary
 or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease- and-desist order,
 or removal or prohibition order; or (iii) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business
 entity; or 

6. 
 being
 the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
 (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange
 Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons
 associated with a member. 

40 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have not yet adopted a Code of Ethics although we expect to do so as we develop our infrastructure and business. Our board of directors
and executive officers have focused on identifying and hiring the personnel required to manage the growth of the Company and will be
adopting a Code of Ethics that will be implemented in conjunction with completing the hiring of additional personnel. 

Independent
Directors 

Mr.
Charles Benton, Mr. John Mercadante, and Mr. Norman Newton are independent directors under the independence standards applicable to the
Company under paragraph (a)(1) of Item 401 of Regulation S-K. 

Board
of Directors and Board Committees 

At
a special meeting of its Board of Directors on December 21, 2022, we adopted amendments to our bylaws. The amendments to the bylaws provide
for: a) the staggered election of the Board of Directors, such that Directors shall serve terms of 3 years, and each year, 1/3 of the
Directors shall stand for election; and b) written consents of the Directors to actions by the Board of Directors or any committee may
be executed in counterparts and may be signed and delivered by any electronic media. The effective date of the amendments was December
21, 2022. 

Our
Board currently has three committees: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the Nomination Committee. As of March 24,
2023, the members and Chairs of our standing Board committees were: 

Audit 
 
 Compensation 
 
 Nominating 
 
 Independent
 Directors 

Charles
 Benton 
 
 Chair 
 
 X 

John
 Mercadante 

Chair 
 
 X 
 
 Norman
 Newton 
 
 X 

Chair 

Non-Independent
 Director 

Sebastian
 Giordano 

Audit
Committee 

All
Audit Committee members are independent under the NASDAQ listing standards and SEC rules and regulations. Our Board of
Directors has determined that one of the members of the Audit Committee, Mr. Benton, meets the definition of an audit committee
financial expert as established by the SEC, and that Mr. Mercadante and Mr. Newton, the two other members of the Audit Committee,
meet the definition of financially literate as established by the SEC. The Audit Committee provides assistance to the Board
in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities relating to the quality and integrity of the financial reports of the Company. The Audit
Committee has the sole authority to appoint, review and discharge our independent accountants, and has established procedures for the
receipt, retention, response to and treatment of complaints regarding accounting, internal controls and audit matters. In addition, the
Audit Committee is responsible for: 

41 

reviewing
 the scope, results, timing and costs of the audit with our independent accountants and reviewing the results of the annual audit
 examination and any accompanying management letters; 

assessing
 the independence of the outside accountants on an annual basis, including receipt and review of a written report from the independent
 accountants regarding their independence consistent with the independence standards of the board; 

reviewing
 and approving the services provided by the independent accountants; 

overseeing
 the internal audit function; and 

reviewing
 our significant accounting policies, financial results and earnings releases, and the adequacy of our internal controls and procedures. 

The
Audit Committee was established in January 2022. 

Compensation
Committee 

All
Compensation Committee members are independent under applicable NASDAQ listing standards. The Compensation Committee assists
the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities relating to executive compensation, employee compensation and benefit programs
and plans, and leadership development and succession planning. In addition, the Compensation Committee is responsible for: 

reviewing
 the performance of our Chief Executive Officer; 

determining
 the compensation and benefits for our Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers; 

establishing
 our compensation policies and practices; 

administering
 our incentive compensation and stock plans (except for the issuance of securities to non-employee directors for services which is
 administered by the Board); and 

approving
 the adoption of material changes to or the termination of our benefit plans. 

The
Compensation Committee reviews and discusses with management the disclosures regarding executive compensation to be included in our annual
proxy statement. The responsibilities of the Compensation Committee are more fully described in the Compensation Committee s charter. 

42 

The
Compensation Committee was established in January 2022. 

Nominating
Committee 

All
Nominating Committee members are independent under the applicable NASDAQ listing standards. The Nominating Committee considers
a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating
a person s candidacy for membership on our board of directors. The Nominating Committee may have required certain skills or attributes,
such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that may arise from time to time and also considered the overall
experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The Nominating Committee does not distinguish
among nominees recommended by stockholders and other persons. 

The
Nominating Committee was established in January 2022. 

Options/SAR
Grants and Fiscal Year End Option Exercises and Values 

We
have not had a stock option plan or other similar incentive compensation plan for officers, directors and employees, and no stock options,
other than as is discussed in this Annual Report. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth information concerning the total compensation paid or accrued by us during the last two fiscal years indicated
to the named executive officers: 

Name
 
 Principal 
 Position 
 
 Fiscal 
 Year 
 ended 
 Dec. 31, 

Salary 
 ) 

Bonus 
 ) 

Stock 
 Awards 
 )
 (6) 

Option 
 Awards 
 ) 

Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Non-Qualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 
 ) 

All
 Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Total 
 ) 

Sebastian
 Giordano, 

Chief
 Executive Officer, 

2022 

400,000 

0 

1,343,391 

0 

0 

0 

0 

1,743,391 

President
 and Chairman (1) 

2021 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

542,999 

542,999 

James
 Giordano, 

Chief
 Financial Officer, 

2022 

250,000 

0 

125,000 

0 

0 

0 

9,600 

384,600 

Secretary
 and Treasurer (2) 

Justin
 Frey, 

2022 

65,625 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

65,625 

Chief
 Operating Officer (5) 

John
 Mercadante, 

2022 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

Former
 Chief Executive Officer (3) 

2021 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

Doug
 Cerny, Former 

2021 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

20,000 

20,000 

Vice
 President (4) 

(1) Mr.
 Sebastian Giordano has served as chief executive officer since January 4, 2022. On March
 11, 2022, pursuant to an employment agreement with the Company s chief executive officer
 dated January 4, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors granted the chief executive
 officer 122,126,433 shares of its common stock, which were valued at 1,343,391, or 0.011
 per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on
 the measurement date. These shares will vest in equal annual installments with the first
 installment of 30,531,608 shares vesting on January 3, 2022, and 30,531,608 common shares
 vesting each year through January 3, 2025. Prior to January 4, 2022, the Company retained
 the services of a consultant, Ascentaur, LLC Ascentaur ), pursuant to a Consulting
 Agreement between the Company and Ascentaur dated February 21, 2020, as amended (the Consulting
 Agreement ). Under the Consulting Agreement, in 2021, Sebastian Giordano, the CEO and
 principal of Ascentaur, provided management services to the Company. Prior to the termination
 of this agreement, Ascentaur received a consulting fee of 325,812 and during 2021, received
 eligible bonuses of 217,187 based on certain Company revenue, EBITDA, market capitalization
 or capital raise milestones. 2021 consulting are included in other compensation. 

(2) Mr.
 James Giordano has served as chief financial officer since January 3, 2022. On March 11,
 2022 and effective January 4, 2022, the Company granted restricted stock awards to the Company s
 chief financial officer for 11,363,636 common shares of the Company which were valued at
 125,000, or 0.011 per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s
 common stock on the measurement date. These shares vested quarterly during 2022. Other compensation
 includes an auto allowance of 9,600. 

(3) Mr.
 Mercadante served as chief executive officer through January 4, 2022. 

(4) Mr.
 Cerny served as Vice President the date of his death in May 2021. 

(5) Mr.
 Frey has served as chief operating officer since September 12, 2022 

(6) As
 required by SEC rules, the amounts in this column reflect the grant date or modification
 date fair value as required by FASB ASC Topic 718. 

Narrative
Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 

Except
as otherwise described below, there are no compensatory plans or arrangements, including payments to be received from the Company with
respect to any named executive officer, that would result in payments to such person because of his or her resignation, retirement or
other termination of employment with the Company, or our subsidiaries, any change in control, or a change in the person s responsibilities
following a change in control of the Company. 

43 

Employment
Agreements 

The
Company had no executive officer employment agreements in place as of December 31, 2021. 

Mr.
Sebastian Giordano 

Effective
January 4, 2022, the Company and Mr. Sebastian Giordano entered into an employment agreement with a term extending through December 31,
2025, which provides for annual compensation of 400,000 as well as annual discretionary bonuses based on the Company s achievement
of performance targets, grants of options, restricted stock or other equity, potentially constituting (with prior grants made to Ascentaur),
at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors, up to 5 of the outstanding common stock of the Company, vesting over the
term of the employment agreement, business expense reimbursement and benefits as generally made available to the Company s executives .
 On March 11, 2022, pursuant to this employment agreement, the Company s Board of Directors granted the chief executive officer
122,126,433 shares of its common stock which were valued at 1,343,391, or 0.011 per common share, based on the quoted closing price
of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. These shares will vest in equal annual installments with the first installment
of 30,531,608 shares vesting on January 3, 2022, and 30,531,608 common shares vesting each year through January 3, 2025. 

Mr.
James Giordano 

On
January 3, 2022, the Company retained the services of Mr. James Giordano (no relation to Mr. Sebastian Giordano) as Chief Financial Officer.
In addition, Mr. James Giordano is appointed the Company s Treasurer. Previously, Mr. James Giordano served as Chief Financial
Officer and consultant to Freight Connections, Inc., an LTL / line haul transportation services and warehousing provider. Prior to that,
he served as Chief Financial Officer for Farren International, a global supplier of transportation and rigging services. Mr. James Giordano
will receive annual compensation of 250,000 as well as annual discretionary bonuses and equity grants, business expense reimbursement
and benefits as generally made available to the Company s executives. On July 6, 2022, the Company entered into a definitive Employment
Agreement with James Giordano for Mr. Giordano to serve as the Company s Chief Financial Officer. The term of such Employment agreement
is for a period of two and one-half years through December 31, 2025, which term may not be terminated early by the Company except for
 cause as defined in such agreement. Annual base compensation is 250,000, with an annual bonus for 2022 in total up to
a maximum of 125,000 per year conditioned on the achievement of specified milestones, and future annual bonuses to be conditioned on
achievement of milestones to be negotiated based on the circumstances of the Company at such time. On March 11, 2022 and effective January
4, 2022, we agreed to grant restricted stock awards to Mr. James Giordano for 11,363,636 common shares of the Company, which were valued
at 125,000, or 0.011 per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date.
These shares vested in equal quarterly installments with the first installment of 2,840,909 shares vesting on March 31, 2022, and 2,840,909
common shares vesting each quarter through December 31, 2022. 

44 

Mr.
Justin Frey 

On
September 12, 2022, the Company retained the services of Mr. Justin Frey as its Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Justin
Frey started his career in transportation and logistics in 1989 with Consolidated Freightways, when it was the nation s largest
long-haul trucking company, as a customer service representative and held various positions there, including dispatcher, dock supervisor,
sales executive and terminal manager. In the years from 2013 to 2018, he worked for FFE Transportation, one of the largest temperature-controlled
National LTL transportation companies with revenues of more than 150 million, serving as terminal manager in California and Illinois
before being promoted to Eastern Region Director of Operations. From 2018 through 2019, Mr. Frey worked as Director of Operations with
Dicom/Eastern Connection, a 40 million regional overnight small package carrier. From 2019 to 2020, he was Director of Freight Operations
for Freeman Company, one of the world s largest event companies with revenues of 2.9 billion worldwide. He most recently held
the position of Vice President of Operations with LandAir, the largest privately held LTL carrier in New England, along with PDS, LandAir s
TL subsidiary, with revenues of 40 million. He will receive annual compensation of 225,000 as well as annual discretionary bonuses
and equity grants, business expense reimbursement and benefits as generally made available to the Company s executives. On January
3, 2023, we agreed to grant restricted stock awards to Mr. Justin Frey for 21,634,615 common shares of the Company, which were valued
at 90,865, or 0.0042 per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date.
These shares will vest in equal quarterly installments with the first installment of 5,408,653 shares vesting on March 31, 2023, and
5,408,654 common shares vesting each quarter through December 31, 2023. 

We
have no plans in place and have never maintained any plans that provide for the payment of retirement benefits or benefits that will
be paid primarily following retirement including, but not limited to, tax qualified deferred benefit plans, supplemental executive retirement
plans, tax-qualified deferred contribution plans and nonqualified deferred contribution plans. Beginning in 2022, the Company offers
health insurance to its employees. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The
following table sets forth information about options and stock awards outstanding on December 31, 2022. 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT 2022 FISCAL YEAR-END 
 
 OPTION AWARDS 
 STOCK AWARDS 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised options (#) Exercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock that have not Vested (#) 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock that Have not Vested ) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights that have not Vested (#) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or other Rights that have not Vested ) 
 
 Sebastian Giordano 
 25,000,000 (1) 
 - 
 
 0.06 
 6/16/2025 
 91,594,824 
 366,379 

James Giordano 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 The
 options were fully vested on the date of grant (6/16/20). 

45 

Disclosure
of Equity Awards Based on Material Nonpublic Information : None 

Pay
Versus Performance (PVP) 

In
accordance with the SEC s disclosure requirements regarding pay versus performance, or PVP, this section presents the SEC-defined
 Compensation Actually Paid, or CAP of our PEO and NEOs for each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and
our financial performance. Also as required by the SEC, this section compares CAP to various measures used to gauge performance at TLSS
for each such fiscal year. Also as required by the SEC, this section compares CAP to various measures used to gauge performance at TLSS. 

Pay
versus Performance Table - Compensation Definitions 

Salary,
Bonus, Stock Awards, and All Other Compensation are each calculated in the same manner for purposes of both CAP and Summary Compensation
Table, or SCT values. The primary difference between the calculation of CAP and SCT total compensation is the calculation of the value
of Stock Awards, with the table below describing the differences in how these awards are valued for purposes of SCT total
and CAP: 

SCT
 Total 
 
 CAP 
 
 Stock
 Awards 
 
 Grant
 date fair value of stock awards granted during the year 
 
 Fair
 value of stock awards that are unvested as of the end of the year, or vested during the year 

Pay
Versus Performance Table 

In
accordance with the SEC s new PVP rules, the following table sets forth information concerning the compensation of our NEOs for
each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and our financial performance for each such fiscal year: 

Year (1) 
 Summary Compensation Table Total for PEO 
 Compensation Actually Paid to PEO (2)(3) 
 Average Summary Compensation Table Total for Non-PEO NEOs 
 Average Compensation Actually Paid to Non-PEO NEOs 
 Value of Initial Fixed 100 Investment Based On Total Shareholder Return 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 
 2022 
 1,743,391 
 1,102,227 
 225,112 
 174,260 
 13.70 
 (8,076,066 
 
 2021 
 0 
 0 
 20,000 
 20,000 
 45.55 
 6,254,790 

(1) The
 PEO (CEO) in the 2022 reporting year is Sebastian Giordano. The PEO (CEO) in the 2021 reporting
 year was John Mercadante. The non-PEO NEOs in the 2022 reporting year are James Giordano
 (no relationship to Sebastian Giordano) and Justin Frey. The non-PEO NEO in the 2021 reporting
 year was Doug Cerny. 
 
 (2) The
 CAP was calculated beginning with the PEO s and NEO s SCT total. In 2021, no
 amounts were deducted from or added to the applicable SCT total compensation since all equity
 awards, if any, were fully vested prior to 2021, and no reconciliation with respect to equity
 awards for summary compensation numbers was required. In 2022, the following amounts were
 deducted from and added to the applicable SCT total compensation: 

SCT Total (A) 
 Stock Awards Deducted from SCT (B) 
 Stock Awards Added to CAP (C) 
 Stock Option Awards Deducted from SCT (D) 
 Stock Option Awards Added to CAP 
 (E) 
 Total CAP A - (B + D) + (C + E) 
 
 PEO 
 
 2022 
 1,743,391 
 (1,343,391 
 702,227 
 - 
 - 
 1,102,227 
 
 2021 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 - 
 - 
 0 

Average Non-PEO NEO 
 
 2022 
 225,112 
 (125,000 
 74,148 
 - 
 - 
 174,260 
 
 2021 
 20,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 20,000 

(3) The
 fair value of stock awards reported for CAP purposes in columns (C) and (E) are based on
 the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the vesting date or the year
 end date for unvested stock awards in accordance with the SEC rules. See Note 9, Stockholder s
 Equity in the Notes to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements for the
 fiscal year ended 2022 included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
 year ended 2022 for more information regarding the Company s accounting for share-based
 compensation. 

46 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table sets forth compensation paid, earned or awarded during 2022 to each of our directors, other than Sebastian Giordano,
whose compensation is described above in the 2022 Summary Compensation Table . 

2022
Director Compensation 

Name 
 
 Fees
 Earned 
 or Paid in 
 Cash ) 

Stock 
 Awards 
 ) (3) 

All
 Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Total 
 ) 

Charles
 Benton (1) 

30,000 

20,000 

- 

50,000 

John
 Mercadante (2) 

30,000 

270,000 

- 

300,000 

Norman
 Newton (1) 

30,000 

20,000 

- 

50,000 

(1) 
 On
 March 11, 2022 and effective January 4, 2022, each director listed above received 1,818,182 shares of restricted stock valued at
 20,000, or 0.011 per share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. 
 
 (2) 
 On
 March 11, 2022 and effective January 4, 2022, this director listed above received 1,818,182 shares of restricted stock valued at
 20,000, or 0.011 per share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. Additionally,
 on March 11, 2022, the Company agreed to grant restricted stock awards to Mr. Mercadante for 22,727,273 common shares of the Company,
 which were valued at 250,000, or 0.011 per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock
 on the measurement date. 
 
 (3) 
 As
 required by SEC rules, the amounts in this column reflect the grant date or modification date fair value as required by FASB ASC
 Topic 718. See Note 9, Stockholder s Equity in the Notes to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements
 for the fiscal year ended 2022 included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended 2022 for more information
 regarding the Company s accounting for share-based compensation plans. 

Director
Compensation Program 

Our
current director compensation program is designed to align our director compensation program with the long-term interests of our stockholders
by implementing a program comprised of cash and equity compensation. 

In
setting director compensation, we consider the amount of time that directors expend in fulfilling their duties to the Company as well
as the skill level and experience required by our board of directors. We also consider board compensation practices at similarly situated
companies, while keeping in mind the compensation philosophy of us and the stockholders interests. The directors also receive
reimbursement for expenses, including reasonable travel expenses to attend board and committee meetings, reasonable outside seminar expenses,
and other special board related expenses. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

Subject
to community property laws, where applicable, and except as otherwise noted, the persons or entities named in the tables below have sole
voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our Common Stock indicated as beneficially owned by them. 

The
following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of March 29, 2023, by (i) each
stockholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our Common Stock (our only class of voting securities), (ii) each
of our directors and executive officers, and (iii) all of our directors and executive officers as a group. The percentage ownership information
is based on 3,664,518,950 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 29, 2023. Information with respect to beneficial ownership has
been furnished by each director, officer or beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common stock. We have determined beneficial ownership
in accordance with the rules of the SEC. These rules generally attribute beneficial ownership of securities to persons who possess sole
or shared voting power or investment power with respect to those securities. In addition, the rules attribute beneficial ownership of
securities as of a particular date to persons who hold convertible preferred stock, options or warrants to purchase shares of common
stock and that are exercisable within 60 days of such date. These shares are deemed to be outstanding and beneficially owned by the person
holding those convertible preferred stock, options or warrants for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of that person,
but they are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Except as otherwise
indicated, the persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned,
subject to community property laws, where applicable. To the best of our knowledge, except as otherwise indicated, each of the persons
named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of our Common Stock beneficially owned by such person,
except to the extent such power may be shared with a spouse. To our knowledge, none of the shares listed below are held under a voting
trust or similar agreement, except as noted. To our knowledge, there is no arrangement, including any pledge, by any person of securities
of the Company or any of its parents, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of the Company. 

Unless
otherwise indicated in the following table, the address for each person named in the table is 5500 Military Trail, Suite 22-357, Jupiter,
FL 33458. 

Name
 and address of beneficial owner 
 
 Amount
 and nature of beneficial ownership 

Percent
 of class (1) 

Directors
 and Executive Officers 

Sebastian
 Giordano (2) 

147,126,433 

2.33 

James
 Giordano (3) 

11,363,636 

Charles
 Benton (4) 

1,818,182 

John
 Mercadante (5) 

25,845,455 

Norman
 Newton (4) 

1,818,182 

Justin
 Frey 

21,634,615 

All
 directors and executive officers as a group 

209,606,503 

5.22 

Joseph Corbisiero (6) 

502,651,844 

12.6 

less
 than 1 . 

(1) 
 Applicable
 percentage ownership is based on 3,664,518,950 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of March 29, 2023. 

(2) 
 Includes
 61,063,217 vested common share and 61,063,216 unvested shares, and 25,000,000 vested stock warrants with an exercise price of 0.06
 per shares that were issued to Ascentaur LLC, a company controlled by Mr. Giordano in 2020. 

(3) 
 Consists
 of 11,363,636 vested common shares. 

(4) 
 Consists
 of 1,818,182 vested common shares. 

(5) 
 Consists
 of 25,845,455 vested common shares. 

(6) 
 Mr. Joseph Corbisiero is the chief executive officer of Freight Connections.
Includes 178,911,844 vested common share and 32,374 Series H convertible preferred stock which are convertible into 323,740,000 common
shares. 

47 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
Company does not currently have any securities authorized for issuance under any equity compensation plans. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Director
Independence 

Three
of our four board members are independent. The Board has determined that each of Messrs. Benton, Mercadante, and Newton is an independent
director pursuant to the NASDAQ listing standards. Under the NASDAQ rules, no director qualifies as independent unless the Board affirmatively
determines that the director has no material relationship with us (directly, or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization
that has a relationship with us). 

In
assessing the independence of our directors, the Board considers all the business relationships between the Company and our directors
and their respective affiliated companies. This review is based primarily on the Company s review of its own records and on responses
of the directors to questions in a questionnaire regarding employment, business, familial, compensation and other relationships with
the Company and our management. Where relationships exist, the Board determines whether the relationship between the Company and the
directors or the directors affiliated companies impairs the directors independence. After consideration of the directors 
relationships with the Company, the Board has affirmatively determined that none of the individuals serving as non-employee directors
as of the date of this Annual Report has a material relationship with us and that each of such non-employee directors is independent. 

Sebastian
Giordano is not considered an independent director because of his employment as our CEO, President, and Chairman of the Board. 

Related
Party Transactions 

Due
to related parties 

On
December 22, 2020, the Company s former chief executive officer advanced the Company 30,000. The advance is non-interest bearing
and payable on demand. On December 31, 2020, amount due to the former chief executive officer amounted to 30,000 and has been included
in due to related parties on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. On January 29, 2021, the Company repaid this advance. 

During
the period from September 17, 2022 to December 31, 2022, Freight Connections incurred outside trucking costs with companies owned by the
Freight Connections Seller, who is currently Freight Connection s chief executive officer. In connection with the outside trucking
services, Freight Connections recorded aggregate outside trucking expense of 759,614, which is included in costs of sales on the accompanying
consolidated statement of operations. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount due to these companies amounted to 115,117, which
is included in accounts payable on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 

Notes
payable related parties 

On
July 3, 2019, the Company entered into a note agreement with an entity that is controlled by the Company s former chief executive
officer s significant other, in the amount of 500,000. Commencing on September 3, 2019 and continuing on the third day of each
month thereafter, payments of interest only on the outstanding principal balance of this note was due and payable. Commencing on January
3, 2020 and continuing on the third day of each month thereafter through January 3, 2021, equal payments of principal and interest should
have been made. The principal amount of this note and all accrued, but unpaid interest under this note was due and payable on the earlier
to occur of (i) January 3, 2021 (the CEO Note Maturity Date ), or (ii) an Event of Default (as defined in the note agreement).
Interest accrued with respect to the unpaid principal sum identified above until such principal was paid at a rate equal to 18 per annum.
On March 17, 2021, the Company and the noteholder entered into a forbearance agreement whereby the Holder agreed to forbear from prosecuting
any enforcement efforts in respect of the Note and extended the payment of the note until December 31, 2021. On October 31, 2021, the
Company and this related party note holder entered into a confidential settlement agreement and mutual release. The Parties adjusted,
settled and compromised the principal balance of the Note of 500,000 and unpaid accrued interest thereon of 240,822, for a discounted
amount of 600,000, in full settlement of any and all amounts outstanding. The settlement amount was paid in November 2021. In connection
with this settlement agreement, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a gain on debt extinguishment - related
party of 148,651. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, interest expense associated with advances from related parties and related party notes payable amounted
to 74,959 and is included in interest expense related parties on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

On
September 16, 2022, in connection with the acquisition of Freight Connections, Freight Connections issued a promissory note in the amount
of 4,544,671 to the Freight Connections Seller, who became the chief executive officer of Freight Connection and a beneficial owner
of the Company. The secured promissory accrues interest at the rate of 5 per annum and then 10 per annum as of March 1, 2023. The entire
unpaid principal under the note, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon and all other amounts payable thereunder, shall
be due and payable in one balloon payment on December 31, 2023, unless paid sooner. The promissory note is secured solely by the assets
of Freight Connections. On December 31, 2022, the principal amount related to this note was 4,544,671. 

There
are not currently any conflicts of interest by or among the Company s current officers, directors, key employees, or advisors.
The Company has not yet formulated a policy for handling conflicts of interest; however, it intends to do so prior to hiring any additional
employees. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

Aggregate
fees billed or incurred related to the following years for professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting
firm, Salberg Company, P.A. for 2022 and 2021 are set forth below. 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees 
 265,045 
 158,275 
 
 Audit-related fees 
 31,255 
 17,900 
 
 Tax fees 
 
 - 
 
 All other fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 296,300 
 176,625 

48 

The
Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed with management the audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. The
Audit Committee also discussed all the matters required by professional auditing standards to be discussed with the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm, Salberg Company, P.A., the matters required to be discussed by the applicable requirements of
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, Audit Committee has received from
the independent registered public accounting firm written disclosure required by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Ethics
and Independence Rule 3526 and has discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm its independence from the Company
and its management. Based on its review and discussions, including discussions without management or members of the independent registered
public accounting firm present, the board of directors has approved, that the audited financial statements be included in the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

To
safeguard the continued independence of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, the board of directors requires
all audit and non-audit services, subject to a de minimis exception pursuant to SEC Regulation S-X Rule 2-01(c)(7)(i)(C), to be performed
by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, to be pre-approved by the board of directors prior to such services
being performed. All audit services performed by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm during the year ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approved by the board of directors. 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

The
following financial information is filed as part of this report: 

(a) 

(1) 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS 

(2) 
 SCHEDULES 

(3) 
 EXHIBITS.
 The following exhibits required by Item 601 to be filed herewith are incorporated by reference to previously filed documents: 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2017, by and among the Registrant and Save on Transport Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Form 8-K dated April 5, 2017). 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Form 10-K dated June 30, 2015). 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Change filed with the Nevada Secretary of State, dated December 18, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Form 8-K dated December 24, 2013). 

3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2011). 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation dated July 16, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Form 8-K dated July 23, 2018). 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc., effective as of July 20, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Form 8-K dated July 21, 2020). 

3.6 
 
 Certificate of Withdrawal of Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, filed on July 17, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 21, 2020). 

3.7 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc., effective as of April 13, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 15, 2021). 

3.8 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series H Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 20, 2022). 

3.9 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc. incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 28, 2022). 

4.1 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of PetroTerra Corp., dated August 7, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2017). 

4.2 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated May 1, 2019, by and among the Company, Save On Transport and Steven Yariv (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Form 8-K dated May 3, 2019). 

4.3 
 
 Form of Warrant (Equity Offering) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 8-K dated September 9, 2019). 

49 

4.4 
 
 Form of Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Form 8-K dated September 9, 2019). 

4.5 
 
 Form of Warrant (Debt Offering) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Form 8-K dated September 9, 2019). 

4.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, dated August 16, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 29, 2020). 

4.7 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, dated August 16, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 29, 2020). 

4.8 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series D Preferred Stock of the Company, filed on July 20, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 24, 2020). 

4.9 
 
 Certificate of Correction of Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series D Preferred Stock of the Company, filed on October 2, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.10 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 1, 2020). 

4.10 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series E Preferred Stock of the Company, filed on October 6, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 9, 2020). 

4.11 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Form S-1 dated December 1, 2020). 

4.12 
 
 Form of Convertible Note dated between January 2020 and March 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.14 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 29, 2020). 

4.13 
 
 Form of Warrants dated between January 2020 and March 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.15 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 29, 2020). 

4.14 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series C Preferred Stock of the Company, filed on June 4, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Form 8-K dated June 9, 2020. 

4.15 
 
 Certificate of Withdrawal of Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, filed on July 17, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Form 8-K dated July 21, 2020). 

4.16 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series D Preferred Stock of the Company, filed on July 20, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to our Form 8-K dated July 21, 2020) 

4.17 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series E Preferred Stock of the Company, filed on October 6, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Form 8-K dated October 9, 2020). 

4.18 
 
 Form of Warrant related to Series E Preferred Stock Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Form 8-K dated October 9, 2020 

4.19 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant exercisable at 0.04 per share of Common Stock in Series E Offering (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 28, 2020). 

4.20 
 
 Certificate of Correction of Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series D Preferred Stock of the Company, filed on October 2, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.10 to our Form S-1 dated December 1, 2020). 

4.21 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series E Preferred Stock of the Company, filed on December 28, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to our Form S-1/A dated February 10, 2021. 

4.22 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series F Preferred Stock of the Company, filed on February 22, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 15, 2021). 

4.23 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series G Preferred Stock of the Company, filed on December 28, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.14 to our Form 8-K dated January 28, 2022). 

4.24 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated June 16, 2020 by Transportation and Logistics Service, Inc. in favor of Ascentaur, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Form S-1 dated December 1, 2020). 

4.25 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated June 16, 2020 by Transportation and Logistics Service, Inc. in favor of Harry Datys (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Form S-1 dated December 1, 2020). 

4.26 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant in Series G Offering (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 3, 2022). 

50 

10.1 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 25, 2017, by and among the Company and the Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated April 27, 2017). 

10.2 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated June 18, 2018, between the Company and an institutional investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated June 27, 2018). 

10.3 
 
 Security Agreement, dated June 18, 2018, between the Company and an institutional investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 8-K dated June 27, 2018). 

10.4 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated June 18, 2018, between the Company, Prime EFS LLC and the seller s signatory thereto. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Form 8-K dated June 26, 2018). 

10.5 
 
 Agreement, dated April 9, 2019, by and between the Company and Bellridge Capital, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated April 10, 2019). 

10.6 
 
 Form of Agreements, by and between the Company and RedDiamond Partners LLC incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated April 10, 2019). 

10.7 
 
 Form of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Exchange Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated April 10, 2019). 

10.8 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (Equity Offering) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated September 9, 2019). 

10.9 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (Debt Offering) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Form 8-K dated September 9, 2019). 

10.10 
 
 Promissory Note for 2,941,212.50 executed by Company in favor of M T Bank, dated April 16, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated April 27, 2020). 

10.11 
 
 Promissory Note for 504,940 executed by Company in favor of M T Bank, dated April 28, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated May 8, 2020). 

10.12 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement related to Series E Preferred (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated October 9, 2020). 

10.13 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement related to Series E Preferred (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 8-K dated October 9, 2020). 

10.14 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement for Series E Preferred, dated December 28, 2020, between TLSS and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated December 29, 2020). 

10.15 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement for Series E Preferred, dated December 30, 2020, between TLSS and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated December 31, 2020). 

10.16 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement for Series E Preferred, dated January 5, 2021, between TLSS and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated January 8, 2021). 

10.17 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement for Series E Preferred, dated January 21, 2021, between TLSS and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated January 28, 2021). 

10.18 
 
 Form of Amendment to Series E Transaction Documents, effective January 21, 2021, between TLSS and each purchaser identified on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 8-K dated January 28, 2021). 

10.19 
 
 Form of Exchange Agreement for Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 24, 2020). 

10.20 
 
 Form of Leak-Out Agreement entered in connection with the Series D Preferred Stock Exchange (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 24, 2020). 

10.21+ 
 
 Consulting Agreement between the Company and Ascentaur, LLC dated February 21, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Form S-1 dated December 1, 2020). 

10.22 
 
 Indemnity Agreement between the Company and Ascentaur, LLC dated May 10, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Form S-1 dated December 1, 2020). 

10.23 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated March 24, 2021, between TLSS Acquisition, Inc. (a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) and Cougar Express, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 24, 2021). 

10.24 
 
 Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated June 15, 2021, between the Company and Anthony Berritto (sole shareholder of SalSon Logistics, Inc., a Georgia corporation) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 21, 2021). 

51 

10.25 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement related to Series G Preferred (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated January 3, 2022). 

10.26 
 
 Form of Warrant Agreement related to Series G Preferred (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated January 3, 2022). 

10.27 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement for Series G Warrants (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Form 8-K dated January 28, 2022). 

10.28 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant in Warrant Offering (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Form 8-K dated January 28, 2022). 

10.29 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement for Series G Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Form 8-K dated January 28, 2022). 

10.30+ 
 
 Offer Letter, dated November 10, 2021, between TLSS and Mr. James Giordano (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 7, 2022). 

10.31+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 4, 2022, between TLSS and Mr. Sebastian Giordano (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 7, 2022). 

10.32 
 
 Confidential Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release, dated October 31, 2021, between TLSS and Westmount Financial Limited Partnership (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Form 8-K dated January 28, 2022). 

10.33 
 
 Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of May 23, 2022, between TLSS Acquisition, Inc. (a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) and Freight Connections, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated May 26, 2022). 

10.34 
 
 Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of May 24, 2022, between Cougar Express, Inc. (a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) and JFK Cartage, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to our Form 8-K dated June 30, 2022). 

10.35+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2022, the Company and James Giordano (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated July 7, 2022). 

10.36 
 
 Amendment to Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2022, between TLSS Acquisition, Inc. and Freight Connections, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated September 20, 2022). 

10.37+ 
 
 Form of Employment Agreement, between TLSS-FC, Inc. and Joseph Corbisiero (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 8-K dated September 20, 2022). 

10.38 
 
 Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of January 4, 2023, by and among TLSS Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation; Severance Trucking Co., Inc., a Massachusetts corporation, Severance Warehousing, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation, and McGrath Trailer Leasing, Inc., a Maine corporation (collectively, the Companies The Shareholders of the Companies; Kathryn Boyd, as the Shareholders Representative; and R|A Feingold Law Consulting, P.A., as Closing Agent and Escrow Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated January 10, 2023). 

10.39 
 
 Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2023, between TLSS Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and TLSS-STI, Inc., a Delaware corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated February 6, 2023). 

10.40 
 
 First Amendment to Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2023, among TLSS-STI, Inc., a Delaware corporation; Severance Trucking Co., Inc., a Massachusetts corporation, Severance Warehousing, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation, and McGrath Trailer Leasing, Inc., a Maine corporation (collectively, the Companies Kathryn Boyd; Clyde J. Severance; Robert H. Severance, Jr.; Kathryn Boyd, as the Shareholders Representative; and R|A Feingold Law Consulting, P.A., as Closing Agent and Escrow Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated February 6, 2023). 

10.41 
 
 Secured Promissory Note, dated February 1, 2023, made by TLSS-STI, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Severance Trucking Co., Inc. a Massachusetts corporation, Severance Warehousing, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation and McGrath Trailer Leasing, Inc., a Maine corporation, in favor of Kathryn Boyd, Clyde J. Severance, and Robert H. Severance, Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated February 6, 2023). 

10.42 
 
 Security Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2023, among TLSS-STI, Inc., a Delaware corporation; Severance Trucking Co., Inc., a Massachusetts corporation, Severance Warehousing, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation, and McGrath Trailer Leasing, Inc., a Maine corporation, and Kathryn Boyd, Clyde J. Severance and Robert H. Severance, Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated February 6, 2023). 

10.43 
 
 Absolute, Unconditional and Continuing Guaranty, dated as of February 1, 2023, executed by Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc., a Nevada corporation, in favor of Kathryn Boyd, Clyde J. Severance, and Robert H. Severance, Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated February 6, 2023). 

10.44 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2023, between Severance Trucking Co., Inc., a Massachusetts corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of TLSS-STI, Inc., a Delaware corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and Clyde J. Severance (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated February 6, 2023). 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 

52 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 

32.1 # 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 

32.2 # 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instances Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

+ 
 Indicates
 a management contract or any compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 
 
 #
The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 and Exhibit 32.2 that accompanies this Form 10-K is not deemed filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc. under
the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date of this Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation
language contained in such filing. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None 

53 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

TRANSPORTATION
 AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. 
 
 March
 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Sebastian Giordano 

Sebastian
 Giordano, Principal Executive Officer and Director 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Sebastian Giordano 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President, and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Sebastian
 Giordano 
 
 (Principal
 executive officer) 

/s/
 James Giordano 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 James
 Giordano 

/s/
 Charles Benton 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Charles
 Benton 

/s/
 John Mercadante 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 John
 Mercadante 

/s/
 Norman Newton 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Norman
 Newton 

54 

<EX-21>
 2
 ex21.htm

Exhibit
21 

List
of Subsidiaries 

Company
 Name 
 
 State
 of Incorporation 
 
 TLSS
 Acquisition, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Shyp
 CX, Inc. 
 
 New
 York 
 
 Shyp
 FX, Inc. 
 
 New
 Jersey 
 
 Cougar
 Express, Inc. 
 
 New
 York 
 
 JFK
 Cartage, Inc. 
 
 New
 York 
 
 Freight
 Connections, Inc. 
 
 New
 Jersey 
 
 TLSS-FC,
 Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 TLSS-STI,
 Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Severance
 Trucking Co., Inc. 
 
 Massachusetts 
 
 Severance
 Warehousing, Inc. 
 
 Massachusetts 
 
 McGrath
 Trailer Leasing, Inc. 
 
 Maine 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 

 As
adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Sebastian Giordano, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc. (the registrant ); 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 
 Signature: 
 /s/
 Sebastian Giordano 

Sebastian
 Giordano 

Principal
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 

 As
adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
James Giordano, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc. (the registrant ); 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 
 Signature: 
 /s/
 James Giordano 

James
 Giordano 

Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

Pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

 (Subsections
(a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 

Pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code),
the undersigned principal executive officer of Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc. (the Company does hereby certify,
to such officer s knowledge, that: 

The
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Sebastian Giordano 

Sebastian
 Giordano 

Principal
 Executive Officer 

The
foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b)
of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of Form 10-K or as a separate disclosure
document. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION 

Pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

 (Subsections
(a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 

Pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code),
the undersigned principal financial officer and principal accounting officer of Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc. (the Company does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that: 

The
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 James Giordano 

James
 Giordano 

Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

The
foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b)
of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of Form 10-K or as a separate disclosure
document. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 tlss-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 tlss-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 tlss-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 tlss-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

