<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230310_10-K_edgar_data_1817868_0001213900-23-019280.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4647377</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>460652</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>901444</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1066147</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1088675</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1006401</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-019280.hdr.sgml : 20230310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230310172258
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-019280
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Jupiter Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001817868
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				851508739
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39505
		FILM NUMBER:		23724899

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11450 SE DIXIE HWY
		CITY:			HOBE SOUND
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33455
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-207-8884

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11450 SE DIXIE HWY
		CITY:			HOBE SOUND
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33455

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-019280.txt : 20230310

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_jupiteracq.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
file number: 

jupiter
acquisition corporation 

Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one share of Class A Common Stock and one-half of one Warrant JAQCU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50 JAQCW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

As
of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market
value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately (based on the closing sales price of
the Class A common stock on June 30, 2022 of 9.67, as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market). 

As
of March 10, 2023, there were shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares
of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 18 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 58 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 58 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 58 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 58 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 59 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 60 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 60 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 64 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 64 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 64 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 65 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 65 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 65 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 66 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 71 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 72 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 74 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 
 76 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 77 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 78 

SIGNATURES 
 79 

i 

CERTAIN
TERMS 

Unless
otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this report or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

additional
 financing arrangement are to the intent of Nomura, if requested by us, to use its commercially reasonable efforts to underwrite,
 arrange and/or syndicate up to 400,000,000 of additional financing for us in the form of equity or debt (or a combination thereof)
 in connection with our initial business combination, subject to market conditions and on terms and conditions satisfactory in all
 respects to Nomura in its sole judgment and determination, as described in this report and our final prospectus; 

anchor
 investors are to the qualified institutional buyers or institutional accredited investors not affiliated with us, our sponsor,
 our directors or any member of our management team, that purchased an aggregate of 13,365,000 units in our initial public offering
 and acquired from our sponsor an indirect interest in an aggregate of 900,000 founder shares at the original purchase price that
 our sponsor paid for the founder shares; 

common
 stock are to our Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and our Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share,
 collectively; 

equity-linked
 securities are to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Class A common
 stock issued in connection with our initial business combination including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt; 

final
 prospectus are to the final prospectus for our initial public offering filed with the SEC on August 13, 2021; 

founders 
 are to James N. Hauslein, our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, James N. Clarke, our Vice Chairman,
 Gaurav Burman, our President and one of our directors, Jonathan Leong, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Mergers 
 Acquisitions, James Harrison, one of our special advisors, and Paul Smucker Wagstaff, one of our special advisors; 

founder
 shares are to shares of our Class B common stock issued prior to our initial public offering, and the shares of our Class
 A common stock issued upon the conversion thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, such shares of Class A common stock will not be public
 shares 

initial
 stockholders are to the holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering (or their permitted transferees); 

management 
 or our management team are to our officers and directors; 

Nomura 
 are to Nomura Securities International, Inc., an underwriter of our initial public offering; 

private
 placement units are to the units that were sold in private placements simultaneously with the closing of our initial public
 offering and the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, collectively; 

private
 shares are to the shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the private placement units; 

private
 warrants are to the warrants sold as part of the private placement units; 

public
 shares are to the shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether purchased
 in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public
 stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and management team to the extent
 they purchase public shares, provided that each initial stockholder s and member of our management team s status as a
 public stockholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public
 warrants are to (i) our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether purchased in
 our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market) and (ii) the private warrants and warrants underlying any units that
 may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans if such warrants are held by third parties other than the initial purchasers
 or their permitted transferees; 

sponsor 
 are to Jupiter Founders LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and an affiliate of James N. Hauslein, our Chairman, Chief Executive
 Officer and Chief Financial Officer; and 

we, 
 us, our or our company are to Jupiter Acquisition Corporation. 

ii 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 

Certain
of the statements contained in this report may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of federal securities
laws, including, without limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management
team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections,
forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements.
The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, 
 project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but
the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. The forward-looking statements contained in this report
are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance
that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks,
uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially
different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited
to, the following risks, uncertainties and other factors: 

our
 being a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues; 

our
 ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business
 combination; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or
 in approving our initial business combination; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses; 

our
 ability to maintain the listing of our securities on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq or another national securities
 exchange prior to or following our initial business combination; 

our
 ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the invasion of
 Ukraine by Russia and resulting sanctions, recent increases in inflation and other events (such as terrorist attacks, geopolitical
 unrest, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases); 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities; 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the
 trust account being subject to claims of third parties; 

our
 financial performance, including following our initial business combination; and 

the
 other risks and uncertainties discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report. 

Should
one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in
material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities
laws. 

iii 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Introduction 

We
are a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation on June 17, 2020, formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital
stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which
we refer to in this report as our initial business combination. While we may pursue an initial business combination in any industry or
geographic region, we have initially focused our efforts on businesses that would leverage our management team s experience in
acquiring and operating businesses, including in the Consumer industry. We seek to capitalize on our founders distinctive and
complementary backgrounds to identify, acquire and transformatively impact a target business with a substantial portion of its activities
in North America or Europe. We may pursue a transaction with a company in other parts of the world, including Asia and Latin America,
given our management team s strong relationships in the regions. 

On July 7, 2020, we issued
an aggregate of 5,750,000 founder shares to our sponsor and our independent directors for an aggregate price of 25,000, or approximately
 0.004 per share. On July 23, 2021, our sponsor forfeited 1,437,500 founder shares, resulting in an aggregate of 4,312,500 founder shares
outstanding. Our sponsor transferred to certain of the underwriters of our initial public offering and certain of their employees an aggregate
of 240,001 founder shares at the original purchase price. On August 25, 2021, in connection with the underwriters election to partially
exercise their over-allotment option and the forfeiture of the remaining portion of such over-allotment option, an aggregate of 372,038
founder shares were forfeited to us at no cost, and 3,940,462 founder shares remain outstanding. 

On
August 12, 2021, the registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-248411) relating to our initial public offering was declared effective
by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). On August 17, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering
of 15,000,000 units at 10.00 per unit, generating total gross proceeds of 150,000,000. Each unit consisted of one share of Class
A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant, each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class
A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The warrants will become exercisable 30 days after the
consummation of our initial business combination and will expire five years after the consummation of our initial business combination,
or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

On
August 23, 2021, the underwriters of our initial public offering notified us of their exercise of the over-allotment option in part and
concurrent forfeiture of the remaining portion of such option. As such, on August 25, 2021, the underwriters purchased 761,850 additional
units at 10.00 per additional unit upon the closing of the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, generating total gross proceeds
of 7,618,500. 

Simultaneously
with the consummation of our initial public offering, we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 580,000 private placement
units to our sponsor and certain of the underwriters of our initial public offering and certain of the underwriters employees
at a price of 10.00 per private placement unit, generating total gross proceeds of 5,800,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the
partial exercise of the over-allotment option, we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 15,237 additional private placement
units to such purchasers at 10.00 per additional private placement unit, generating total gross proceeds of 152,370 (collectively,
the private placements ). 

Of
the aggregate 15,761,850 units sold in our initial public offering, 13,365,000 units were purchased by our anchor investors. In connection
with the closing of our initial public offering, the anchor investors each acquired from our sponsor an indirect economic interest in
100,000 founder shares (or an aggregate of 900,000 founder shares) at the original purchase price that our sponsor paid for the founder
shares. Our sponsor has agreed to distribute such founder shares to the anchor investors after the completion of our initial business
combination. 

A
total of 157,618,500 (or 10.00 per unit sold in our initial public offering) of the net proceeds from our initial public
offering, including the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, and the private placements was placed in a
trust account established for the benefit of our public stockholders (the trust account ), with Continental Stock Transfer
 Trust Company acting as trustee, and has been invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16)
of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), having a maturity of 185 days or less,
or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act that invest only in direct U.S.
government treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to
us to pay our tax obligations (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), none of the funds held in the trust account
will be released from the trust account until the earliest of (i) the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption
of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
(A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to
redeem 100 of the public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by August 17, 2023 or (B) with respect to any
other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) our redemption of the
public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period. 

1 

We
incurred 9,292,595 in initial public offering related costs, including 3,152,370 of underwriting fees, 5,516,648 of deferred underwriting
fees and 623,577 of other offering costs. As of December 31, 2022, we had 324,188 in our operating bank accounts, 159,610,253 in cash
and marketable securities held in the trust account (including 5,516,648 of deferred underwriting fees) and working capital of 106,448,
which excludes 2,073,341 of interest earned on the trust account that is available to pay franchise and income taxes payable. 

Our
units began trading on August 13, 2021 on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol JAQCU. Commencing on October 1, 2021,
the Class A common stock and warrants comprising the units began separate trading on Nasdaq under the symbols JAQC and
 JAQCW, respectively. Those units not separated continue to trade on Nasdaq under the symbol JAQCU. 

On January 9, 2023, we
received a written notice (the Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq indicating that we are not
in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5620(a) (the Annual Stockholders Meeting Rule due to our failure to hold an
annual meeting of stockholders within twelve months of the end of our fiscal year end. The Notice is only a notification of
deficiency, not of imminent delisting, and has no current effect on the listing or trading of our securities on the Nasdaq Capital
Market. The Notice stated that we had 45 calendar days, or until February 23, 2023, to submit a plan to regain compliance with the
Annual Stockholders Meeting Rule. On February 17, 2023, we submitted to Nasdaq a plan to regain compliance with the Annual
Stockholders Meeting Rule within the required timeframe. On March 7, 2023, Nasdaq accepted our plan and granted us an extension
until June 29, 2023 to regain compliance with the Annual Stockholders Meeting Rule. We expect to hold an annual meeting of
stockholders by such date and to regain compliance with the Annual Stockholders Meeting Rule, but there can be no assurance that we
will be able to do so. 

We
believe that the extensive operational, financial, M A and capital markets experience of our management team led by James N. Hauslein,
James N. Clarke, Gaurav Burman and Jonathan Leong, and accompanied by our special advisors, including Paul Smucker Wagstaff of Embassy
Park Investment Company LLC Embassy Park and James Harrison and the broader resources of Clarke Capital Partners
LLC Clarke Capital ), coupled with a collective global network to source deals, positions us extremely well to identify
attractive business combination opportunities and to bring value to the business post-combination. We expect to favor potential target
companies with specific industry and business characteristics where we can offer advice on strategic direction, M A strategy, access
to debt and equity capital markets, improvements in governance, and possible enhancements to operations. Key target industry characteristics
include compelling long-term growth prospects, an attractive competitive landscape, unique products or services, consolidation opportunities,
and favorable fundamental market shifts. Key business characteristics may include high growth or steady, long-term revenue growth, high
barriers to entry, attractive steady-state margins and potential for incremental margin expansion and attractive and increasing free
cash flow. In selective situations, we might consider business combinations where improvements in operations can add value to our stockholders. 

We
believe many companies in the Consumer sector and other related industries could benefit from access to the public markets but have been
inhibited by several factors, including the time it takes to conduct a traditional initial public offering, market volatility and pricing
uncertainty. Specifically, we believe that the COVID-19 pandemic has created dislocation and has adversely affected the ability of companies
and business divisions in these sectors to access public markets to raise capital to pursue organic growth opportunities, reduce leverage,
or consolidate their sectors. We believe there are many potential targets within the space that are both attractive merger candidates
and positioned to deliver substantial value to stockholders in the public markets. We intend to focus on evaluating high growth emerging
as well as more established companies with leading competitive positions, strong management teams, and strong long-term potential for
revenue growth and margin expansion. 

We
are confident that the combined experience of our management team and special advisors positions us well to identify, source, evaluate,
negotiate, structure, and execute an initial business combination with an attractive company or business in our targeted industries.
The vast and global network of executives, investors, and advisors accessible to our management team and special advisors will enable
us to source business combination opportunities from private equity firms, family-owned businesses, or divisions of larger corporations.
We will employ a disciplined and highly selective investment process and expect to add value to a target company through advice on strategic
direction, add-on acquisitions, optimization of its capital structure, and potential improvements to operations. Our management
team has significant special purpose acquisition company SPAC experience, having previously worked with ten different
SPACs in a variety of roles, including sponsor, board member, underwriter and M A advisor. 

2 

With
respect to the experiences of our management team and special advisors, past performance is not a guarantee (i) that we will be
able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or (ii) of success with respect to any business combination
we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management s or special advisors performance as indicative
of our future performance. 

Business
Strategy 

Our
objective is to generate attractive returns for stockholders by identifying a high-quality target, negotiating favorable terms for a
business combination, and creating the foundation for long-term financial success. After our initial business combination, we envision
that the combined company s strategy may include additional mergers and acquisitions with a focus on generating attractive risk-adjusted
returns for our stockholders. 

Our
sourcing process will leverage our management team s expansive network of contacts and corporate relationships, unique industry
knowledge, and deal-sourcing capabilities in order to access a broad spectrum of potential proprietary and differentiated investment
opportunities. 

This
network has been developed over decades through our founders demonstrated success in investing, advising, and operating businesses
across a variety of industries, which has enabled us to develop a set of capabilities, including: 

significant
 M A deal experience, including originating, crafting and executing transformational transactions; 

experience
 executing complex joint ventures, carve-outs, and corporate spin-offs and split-offs; 

the
 ability to advise management teams in the transition from private to public markets, including from a board and governance perspective; 

an
 extensive history of accessing the debt and equity capital markets across various business cycles, including financing businesses
 and assisting companies with transition to public ownership; 

a
 history of sourcing, structuring, acquiring, operating, developing, growing, financing and selling family-owned, privately owned
 and public businesses to create stockholder value; 

a
 track record of working with companies during distressed situations to find suitable outcomes; and 

a
 proven ability to close on transactions under all economic and financial market conditions. 

We
believe our founders expertise with acquiring and operating businesses, including Consumer businesses, and our keen awareness
of industry trends and the strategic focus of the large corporate participants seeking to divest non-core assets or divisions, will furnish
us with a strong flow of potential target companies via a broad aperture by which to find a suitable target company. 

We
intend to deploy a proactive, thematic sourcing strategy and to focus on companies in which we believe the combination of our operating
experience, relationships, capital, and capital markets expertise can be catalysts to transform a target company and accelerate its growth
and performance. In addition, we anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated
sources, which may include, but are not limited to, family offices, private equity firms, investment banks, consultants, accounting firms,
and extensive business relationships in our focus industries. Upon completion of our initial public offering, members of our management
team began communicating with their networks of relationships to articulate the parameters for our search for a target company and a
potential business combination and begin the process of pursuing and reviewing potentially interesting leads. 

Our
strategy is to identify and complete our initial business combination with specific industry and business characteristics. We expect
to distinguish ourselves with our ability to: 

source
 targets outside of formal sale or financing processes; 

craft
 a highly bespoke solution given extensive industry contacts and relationships; 

3 

recognize
 situations, given our history and experience with SPACs, where a blank check company could be a superior solution to the needs of
 a target company and its current owners; 

engage
 with large corporations seeking to divest non-core assets or divisions and execute carve-outs, joint ventures, partnerships
 or other business combinations where an independent board and management focus can enhance growth and value-creation; and 

exploit
 opportunities in the COVID-19 environment by providing a publicly-listed currency to facilitate access to capital for growth,
 debt reduction or diversification of wealth by family-owned companies. 

Acquisition
Criteria 

Consistent
with our business strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating
prospective target businesses. We will use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to
enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. We intend to acquire
one or more businesses that we believe: 

have
 a strong competitive industry position and demonstrated competitive advantages to maintain barriers to entry; 

operate
 in fast-growing markets with large total addressable markets and have significant growth potential both organically and through
 add-on acquisitions; 

have
 brand recognition and offer enduring products, with the potential for revenue, market share or distribution improvements; 

possess
 proprietary aspects of products and intellectual property or other protection for products and formulas; 

have
 potential to generate strong and sustainable free cash flow; 

are
 fundamentally sound companies that are not operating at their full potential and could benefit from our founders network or
 expertise (strategy, marketing, operations, capital structure optimization, M A, etc.); 

have
 a committed, skilled and experienced management team whose interests and incentives are aligned with those of our stockholders; 

is
 sourced through our proprietary channels; 

have
 an appropriate valuation and will offer an attractive risk-adjusted return for our stockholders; and 

can
 benefit from being a publicly-traded company, are prepared to be a publicly-traded company, and can utilize access to broader
 capital markets. 

These
criteria and guidelines are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination
may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general criteria and guidelines as well as other considerations, factors, criteria, and
guidelines that our management may deem relevant. While we have initially focused on the Consumer industry previously described, we will
consider targets outside this sector if deemed attractive to our stockholders. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial
business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business
does not meet the above criteria and guidelines in our stockholder communications related to our initial business combination, which,
as discussed elsewhere in this report and our final prospectus, would be in the form of tender offer documents or proxy solicitation
materials that we would file with the SEC. 

4 

Acquisition
Process 

In
evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review which may encompass, as applicable and
among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, an inspection
of facilities and a review of financial, operational, legal and other information about the target and its industry. We will also utilize
our management team s operational and capital planning experience and utilize the expertise and employees of Clarke Capital in
analyzing companies and evaluating operating projections, financial projections, and determining the appropriate return expectations
given the risk profile of the target business. 

Nomura
has indicated its intent, if so requested by us, to use its commercially reasonable efforts to underwrite, arrange and/or syndicate up
to 400 million of additional financing for us in the form of equity or debt (or a combination thereof) in connection with our initial
business combination, subject to market conditions and on terms and conditions satisfactory in all respects to Nomura in its sole judgment
and determination. The additional financing arrangement is not anticipated to have any impact on the redemption price of the Class A
common stock, the conversion ratio of Class B common stock to Class A common stock or the exercise of the warrants. 

Following
our initial business combination, we also intend to develop and implement corporate strategies and initiatives to provide financial and
operating flexibility so that the company can improve its growth prospects, profitability, and long-term value. In doing so, the
management team anticipates evaluating corporate governance, opportunistically accessing capital markets and other opportunities to enhance
liquidity, identifying acquisition and divestiture opportunities, and properly aligning management and board incentives with growing
stockholder value. 

Certain
of our directors and officers directly or indirectly own founder shares and/or private placement units and, accordingly, may have a conflict
of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business
combination. Further, such directors and officers may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination
if the retention or resignation of any such directors and officers was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement
with respect to our initial business combination. 

Certain
of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to
such entity subject to his or her fiduciary duties. As a result, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination
opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject
to such officer s and director s fiduciary duties, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide
to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties or obligations to
materially affect our ability to identify and pursue business combination opportunities or complete our initial business combination.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any business combination opportunity
offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director
or officer of the company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable basis. 

Our
officers, directors, or special advisors may sponsor, form, or participate in other blank check companies during the period in which
we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition
target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates and the director and officer teams. However, we do not expect
that any such other blank check company would materially affect our ability to identify and pursue business combination opportunities
or complete our initial business combination. 

In
addition, our founders, officers and directors, are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly,
will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business
combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. 

Status
as a Public Company 

We
believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As a public company, we offer a target
business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. Following
an initial business combination, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating
management incentives that are better aligned with stockholders interests than it would as a private company. A target business
can further benefit by augmenting its profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. In
a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock in the
target business for our shares of Class A common stock (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our shares of
Class A common stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. 

5 

Although
there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a
more expeditious and cost-effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial
public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there
are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, marketing and road
show efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with an initial business combination with us. 

Furthermore,
once a proposed initial business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial
public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions,
which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Following an initial business
combination, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management
incentives consistent with stockholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public
company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting
talented employees. 

While
we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential
target businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek stockholder
approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively. 

Financial
Position 

With
funds available in the trust account for an initial business combination of 154,093,605 as of December 31, 2022, assuming no redemptions,
before fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination or any further tax obligations, and after payment of 5,516,648
of deferred underwriting commissions, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners,
providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt or
leverage ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination
of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be
paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, there can be no assurance third party financing will be available
to us. 

Effecting
Our Initial Business Combination 

We
are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate our
initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placements of the private placement
units, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements
or backstop agreements we may enter into), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners
of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business
that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent
in such companies and businesses. 

If
our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account
are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A
common stock, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for
maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness
incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

We
may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial
business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the
amounts held in the trust account. In addition, we intend to target businesses larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds of
our initial public offering and the private placements of the private placement units, and may as a result be required to seek additional
financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect
to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. In the case of an initial business
combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing the initial
business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek stockholder approval of such
financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business
combination. 

6 

Although
our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this
assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside
of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 

Sources
of Target Businesses 

We
anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers
and investment professionals. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited
by us by calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited
basis, since many of these sources will have read our public filings and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers
and directors, as well as our sponsor and their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become
aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending
trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise
necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors and our sponsor and their respective
industry and business contacts as well as their affiliates. We may engage the services of professional firms or other individuals that
specialize in business acquisitions, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee, advisory fee or other compensation
to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent
our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders
approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment
of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held
in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers, directors or special advisors, or any of
their respective affiliates, be paid any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan
or other compensation by the company prior to, or in connection with any services rendered for any services they render in order to effectuate,
the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). None of our sponsor, executive
officers, directors or special advisors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be allowed to receive any compensation, finder s
fees or consulting fees from a prospective business combination target in connection with a contemplated initial business combination.
We have agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor an aggregate of 15,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative
support and to reimburse our sponsor, officers, directors and special advisors for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying,
investigating and completing an initial business combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting
agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees
or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an initial business combination candidate. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors,
or making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event
we seek to complete an initial business combination with a target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or
a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or
a qualified independent accounting firm that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view.
We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

If
any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business
of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such
business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Our officers and directors
currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

Selection
of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination 

As
required by Nasdaq rules, our initial business combination will be approved by a majority of our independent directors. Nasdaq rules
also require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value
of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable) at the time of our signing
a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market value of our initial business combination
will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as
discounted cash flow valuation, a valuation based on trading multiples of comparable public businesses or a valuation based on the financial
metrics of M A transactions of comparable businesses. Even though our board of directors will rely on generally accepted standards,
our board of directors will have discretion to select the standards employed. In addition, the application of the standards generally
involves a substantial degree of judgment. Accordingly, investors will be relying on the business judgement of our board of directors
in evaluating the fair market value of the target or targets. The proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents used by us in
connection with any proposed transaction will provide public stockholders with our analysis of our satisfaction of the 80 fair market
value test, as well as the basis for our determinations. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market
value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent
entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that
our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination,
it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant
amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. We do not currently intend to purchase multiple businesses
in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually
unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to
effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

7 

In
any case, we will only complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business
or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will
be taken into account for purposes of the 80 fair market value test. 

To
the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages
of development or growth we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant
risk factors. 

In
evaluating a prospective business target, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review, which may encompass, among other things,
meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities,
as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us. 

The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs
associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of
a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses
and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Lack
of Business Diversification 

For
an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely
on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with
multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate
the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of
diversification may: 

subject
 us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the
 particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and 

cause
 us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited
Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although
we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial
business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition,
the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future
role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination
as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial
business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following
our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial
business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge
relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

8 

We
cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The
determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business
combination. 

Following
an initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business.
We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite
skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Stockholders
May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination 

We
may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval
if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other reasons.
Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder
approval is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Type
 of Transaction 
 
 Whether 
 Stockholder 
 Approval is 
 Required 
 
 Purchase
 of assets 
 
 No 
 
 Purchase
 of stock of target not involving a merger with the company 
 
 No 
 
 Merger
 of target into a subsidiary of the company 
 
 No 
 
 Merger
 of the company with a target 
 
 Yes 

Under
Nasdaq s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we
 issue shares of Class A common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our common stock then
 outstanding; 

any
 of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons
 collectively having a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise
 and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding shares of common stock or voting
 power of 5 or more; or 

the
 issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

The
decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which stockholder approval
is not required by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and legal reasons, which include a
variety of factors, including, but not limited to: 

the
 timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine stockholder approval would require additional time and there is either
 not enough time to seek stockholder approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in
 other additional burdens on the company; 

the
 expected cost of holding a stockholder vote; 

the
 risk that the stockholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination; 

other
 time and budget constraints of the company; and 

additional
 legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to stockholders. 

9 

Permitted
Purchases of Our Securities 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their respective affiliates
may purchase public shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following
the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers,
advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. If they engage
in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not
disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act ). We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the
tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange
Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers
will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act
to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. None of the funds held in the trust account will be used to
purchase public shares or public warrants in such transactions prior to completion of our initial business combination. 

The
purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase
the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement
with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination,
where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce
the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection
with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination
that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our shares of Class A
common stock or warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult
to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our
sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers,
directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt
of redemption requests submitted by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination.
To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify
and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the
trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect
to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such
purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

Any
purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under
the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe
harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has
certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor,
officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2)
or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the
Exchange Act to the extent such purchases are subject to such reporting requirements. 

Redemption
Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination 

We
will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon
the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on
deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding
public shares, subject to the limitations described herein and in our final prospectus. The per-share amount we will distribute
to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters.
The redemption rights may include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares.
Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption
rights with respect to any founder shares, private shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our
initial business combination. 

10 

Manner
of Conducting Redemptions 

We
will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon
the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial
business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed
initial business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of
factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval
under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require
stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 
of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval.
If we structure an initial business combination with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have
discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed initial business combination. We may conduct redemptions
without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange
listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder approval for business or other reasons. So long as we maintain a listing for our
securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with such rules. 

If
a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct
 the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file
 tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial
 and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the
 Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon
the public announcement of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with
Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares
through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

In
the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days,
in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination
until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering
more than a specified number of public shares which are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that
we may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of
our initial business combination and after payment of deferred underwriting commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s
 penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating
to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the
tender offer and not complete such initial business combination. 

If,
however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder
approval for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct
 the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation
 of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file
 proxy materials with the SEC. 

In
the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection
therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

11 

If
we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common
stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in
person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding
shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count toward this quorum and pursuant
to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares, private shares and any public
shares they may purchase (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination.
For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect
on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders 
founder shares and private shares, we would need only 5,613,076, or approximately 35.6 (assuming all outstanding shares are voted),
or 538,689, or approximately 3.4 (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of the 15,761,850 public
shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business
combination approved. Furthermore, if our anchor investors vote all of the public shares underlying the 13,365,000 units they acquired
in our initial public offering in favor of an initial business combination, we would not need any of the other public shares sold in
our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination
approved. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice
of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting
thresholds, and the voting agreements of our sponsor, officers and directors, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial
business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against
the proposed transaction. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would
cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of deferred
underwriting commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible
asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed
initial business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred
to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions
in accordance with the terms of the proposed initial business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be
required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy
cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us,
we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for
redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

Limitation
on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination if We Seek Stockholder Approval 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with
our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that
a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert
or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights
with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess
Shares. Such restriction shall also be applicable to our affiliates. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders
from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights
against a proposed initial business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium
to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than
an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s
shares are not purchased by us or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By
limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering without our prior
consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete
our initial business combination, particularly in connection with an initial business combination with a target that requires as a closing
condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders 
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 

Tendering
Stock Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights 

We
may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares
in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer
documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial
business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using
the Depository Trust Company s DTC DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option,
in each case up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote to approve the business combination. The tender offer or proxy
materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will
indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements, which may include the requirement that a
beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its public shares. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from
the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two days prior to the vote on the
initial business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its
redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public
shares. 

12 

There
is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them
through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker the fee and it would be up to the broker whether
or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders
seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights
regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

The
foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with
their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial
business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed initial business combination and check a box on the proxy card
indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the initial business combination was approved, the
company would contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result,
the stockholder then had an option window after the completion of the initial business combination during which he or she
could monitor the price of the company s stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell
his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption
rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become option rights
surviving past the completion of the initial business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement
for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once
the initial business combination is approved. 

Any
request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the
date of the stockholder meeting set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered
its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect
to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically).
It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed
promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. 

If
our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their
redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case,
we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If
our initial proposed initial business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination
with a different target until August 17, 2023 (or such later date as may be approved by our stockholders). 

Redemption
of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will have only until August 17, 2023 to complete our initial business
combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination, or effect an extension, within the required time period, we will:
(i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten
business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on
deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay
our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which
redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating
distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject
to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations
under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights
or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination
within the required time period. 

13 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to
any founder shares and private shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the required time period.
However, if our sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust
account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the required time period. 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in
connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
by August 17, 2023 or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business
combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock
upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided
by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible
assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of deferred underwriting commissions
(so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with
respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above), we
would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. 

We
expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be
funded from the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placements of the private placement units held outside the
trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. We will depend on sufficient interest
being earned on the proceeds held in the trust account to pay any tax obligations we may owe. However, if those funds are not sufficient
to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued
in the trust account not required to pay taxes on interest income earned on the trust account balance, we may request the trustee to
release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If
we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placements of the private placement units, other
than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the
per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.00. The proceeds deposited
in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of
our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially
less than 10.00. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid
in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or
provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any,
we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although
we seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements
with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our
public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will all execute such agreements or even if they do execute such agreements that
they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of
fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order
to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses
to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives
available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such
third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where
we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular
expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute
a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. We are not aware of any product
or service providers who have not or will not provide such waiver other than the underwriters of our initial public offering and our
independent registered public accounting firm. 

14 

In
addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising
out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Our sponsor
has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us,
or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or
business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share
and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if
less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will
not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held
in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters
of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ). However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified
whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities
of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or
directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

In
the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per
public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust
assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to
satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent
directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently
expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations
to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the
cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent
directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations
and we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims
of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.00 per public share. 

We
seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to
have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with
us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable
as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. We have access to funds held outside the trust account 324,188 as of December 31, 2022) with which to pay
any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more
than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities
is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from the trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 

Under
the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by
them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of the trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public
shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by August 17, 2023 (or such later date as may be approved by
our stockholders) may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures
set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including
a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during
which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions
are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s
pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after
the third anniversary of the dissolution. 

Furthermore,
if the pro rata portion of the trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event
we do not complete our initial business combination by August 17, 2023 (or such later date as may be approved by our stockholders) is
not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due
to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant
to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption
distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we do not complete our initial business combination
by August 17, 2023 (or such later date as may be approved by our stockholders), we will: (i) cease all operations except for the
purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public
shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to
pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public
stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable
law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders
and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims
of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably
possible following August 17, 2023 (or such later date as may be approved by our stockholders) and, therefore, we do not intend to comply
with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by
them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

15 

Because
we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known
to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against
us within the subsequent ten years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations
are limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such
as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in the
underwriting agreement related to our initial public offering, we seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses
or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or
to any monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited
and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor may
be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) 10.00 per public
share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account,
due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable
as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will
not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

If
we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the
trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of
third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot
assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an
involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed
under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. 
As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors
may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and
our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.
We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our
public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion
of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder
vote to amend any provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our
obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not
complete our initial business combination by August 17, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we do not complete
our business combination by August 17, 2023 (or such later date as may be approved by our stockholders), subject to applicable law. In
no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder
approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with the initial business combination
alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such
stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. 

Competition 

In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from
other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged
buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic business combinations. Many of these entities are well established and have
extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors
possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited
by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the initial business combination
of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption
rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution
they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive
disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

16 

Employees 

We
currently have four officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend
to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount
of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination
and the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion
of our initial business combination. 

Periodic
Reporting and Audited Financial Statements 

We
have registered our units, Class A common stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement
that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. Such reports and other information filed by the company with the SEC
are available free of charge on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. The content of this website is not incorporated into this report.
In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports contain financial statements audited and reported on by our
independent registered public accountants. 

We
will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials
or proxy solicitation materials sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial
statements will need to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, United States generally accepted accounting principles GAAP or international financial reporting standards IFRS ), depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements
may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the
 PCAOB ). These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential targets we may conduct an initial business
combination with because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance
with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any
particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial statements prepared in
accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements
outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While
this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

We
were required to evaluate and report on our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as required by the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ). Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or
an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to have our internal control procedures
audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal
controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase
the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. We filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to
register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under
the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act
prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart
Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from
various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including,
but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of
any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be
a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

17 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In
other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would
otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of
the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which
we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the aggregate worldwide market value of our shares of common stock that are
held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0
billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held
by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million
during such completed fiscal year or the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of
the prior June 30th. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Ownership
of our securities involves a high degree of risk. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating
results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline and a holder of our securities
could lose all or part of its investment. This report also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.
Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of specific factors,
including the risks described below. 

Risks
Relating to Searching for and Consummating a Business Combination 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 324,188 in our operating bank accounts, 159,610,253 in cash and marketable securities held in the trust
account (including 5,516,648 of deferred underwriting fees) and working capital of 106,448, which excludes 2,073,341 of interest earned
on the trust account that is available to pay franchise and income taxes payable. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to
incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Our management s plans to address this need for capital are discussed
under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We cannot assure
you that our plans to consummate an initial business combination will be successful. We have determined that the liquidity condition
and the mandatory liquidation, should an initial business combination not occur and an extension not be approved by our stockholders,
and potential subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements
contained elsewhere in this report do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to continue as a going concern. 

Our
public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete
our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

We
may choose not to hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the initial business combination would require
stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a stockholder vote for business
or other reasons. Except as required by law, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business
combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and
will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise
require us to seek stockholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority
of our public shares do not approve of the initial business combination we complete. 

18 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote in favor of
such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. 

Pursuant
to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares and private shares, as well as
any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions),
in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders founder shares and private
shares, we would need only 5,613,076, or approximately 35.6 (assuming all outstanding shares are voted), or 538,689, or approximately
3.4 (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of the 15,761,850 public shares sold in our initial
public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. We
expect that our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees will own shares representing approximately 20 of our outstanding
shares of common stock (not including the shares of Class A common stock underlying the private placement units) at the time of any such
stockholder vote. Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our sponsor, officers
and directors to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite stockholder
approval for such initial business combination. Furthermore, if our anchor investors vote all of the public shares underlying the 13,365,000
units they acquired in our initial public offering in favor of an initial business combination, we would not need any of the other public
shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business
combination approved. Although our anchor investors are not contractually obligated to vote in favor of an initial business combination,
their interest in certain of our founder shares may provide an incentive for them to do so. 

Since
our anchor investors have acquired an interest in certain of our founder shares from our sponsor, a conflict of interest may arise in
determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

Each
of the anchor investors has acquired an economic interest in 100,000 founder shares for a nominal amount, which our sponsor will distribute
to our anchor investors after the completion of an initial business combination. Accordingly, the anchor investors will share in any
appreciation in the value of the founder shares above that nominal amount, provided that we successfully complete a business combination.
Moreover, as the anchor investors acquired all of the aggregate 13,365,000 units they purchased in our initial public offering for a
purchase price of 10.00 per unit and paid approximately 0.004 per share for their interests in the founder shares, and assuming each
warrant had no value and without taking into account any liquidity discount on the founder shares, the anchor investors paid an effective
price of approximately 9.37 per share acquired, as compared to the 10.00 per share paid by the other public stockholders in our initial
public offering. As a result, the anchor investors may have an incentive to vote any public shares they own in favor of a business combination,
and, if a business combination is approved, they may make a substantial profit on such interest, even if the market price of our securities
declines in value below the price to the public in our initial public offering and the business combination is not profitable for other
public stockholders. In addition, as discussed above, if the anchor investors retain a substantial portion of their interests in our
public shares and if the anchor investors vote those public shares in favor of a business combination, we will receive sufficient votes
to approve the business combination, regardless of how any other public stockholder votes their shares. You should consider the anchor
investors financial incentive to complete an initial business combination when evaluating whether to invest in our securities
and/or redeem your shares prior to or in connection with an initial business combination. 

Your
only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your
right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of the initial business combination. 

At
the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial
business combination. Since our board of directors may complete an initial business combination without seeking stockholder approval,
public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the initial business combination, unless we seek such stockholder
vote. 

Accordingly,
if we do not seek stockholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination
may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in
our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 

The
ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business
combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into an initial business combination with a target. 

We
may seek to enter into an initial business combination agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that
we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not
be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the initial business combination. Furthermore,
in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation
of our initial business combination and after payment of deferred underwriting commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s
 penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating
to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible
assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of deferred underwriting commissions
or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the
related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these
risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into an initial business combination with us. 

19 

The
ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete
the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

At
the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption
rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted
for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the
purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust
account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for
redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust
account or arrange for third party financing. This risk may be increasingly prevalent given recent high levels of redemptions among other
SPACs completing their initial business combinations. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances
or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provision
of the Class B common stock results in the issuance of Class A shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of
the Class B common stock at the time of our business combination. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most
desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions
payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination.
The per share amount we will distribute to stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred
underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming stockholders will reflect
our obligation to pay the deferred underwriting commissions. 

A
new 1 U.S. federal excise tax could be imposed on us in connection with redemptions by us of our shares. 

On
August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for,
among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded U.S.
domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1,
2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount
of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes
of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against
the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The
U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry
out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

On
December 27, 2022, the Treasury released Notice 2023-2, which provides taxpayers with interim guidance on the excise tax that may be
relied upon until the Internal Revenue Service issues proposed Treasury regulations on such matter. Notice 2023-2 includes as one of
its exceptions to the excise tax a distribution in complete liquidation of a covered corporation , such as ours, to which
Sec. 331 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), applies (so long as Sec. 332(a) of the Code
also does not also apply). Although it remains uncertain whether, and/or to what extent, the excise tax could apply to any redemptions
of our public shares after December 31, 2022, including any redemptions in connection with our initial business combination or in the
event we do not consummate our initial business combination by August 17, 2023 (or such later date as may be approved by our stockholders),
we would not expect the excise tax to apply to redemptions of our public shares that occur during a taxable year in which we completely
liquidate under Sec. 331 of the Code. 

Any
redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022 may be subject to the excise tax, including in connection with our
initial business combination, certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or otherwise. Whether and to
what extent we would be subject to the excise tax would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions
and repurchases in connection with the initial business combination, certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
or otherwise, (ii) the structure of the initial business combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other
equity issuances in connection with the initial business combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with the initial business
combination but issued within the same taxable year of the initial business combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other
guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by us and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics
of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand
to complete our initial business combination and in our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

20 

The
requirement that the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value of at least 80 of the
value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable) at the time of the
execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination may limit the type and number of companies with which we may
complete such a business combination. 

Nasdaq
rules and our amended and restated certificate of incorporation require that the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively
have a fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions
and taxes payable) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination. This restriction may
limit the type and number of companies with which we may complete such a business combination. If we are unable to locate a target business
or businesses that satisfy this fair market value test, we may be forced to liquidate and our public stockholders will only be entitled
to receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account, which may be less than 10.00 per share. 

The
requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage
over us in negotiating an initial business combination and may decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential
business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business
combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. 

Any
potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning an initial business combination will be aware that we must
complete our initial business combination by August 17, 2023 (or such later date as may be approved by our stockholders). Consequently,
such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating an initial business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our
initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with
any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time
to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive
investigation. 

Our
search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially
adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the status of debt and equity markets. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected, and other events (such as terrorist attacks, geopolitical unrest, natural disasters or
a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) could adversely affect, economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business
of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be, or may already have been, materially and adversely
affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict
travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and service providers
are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for
a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information
which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others.
Moreover, the Federal Reserve has shifted its focus to limiting inflationary and other potentially adverse effects of the extensive pandemic-
related government stimulus, which signals the potential for a continued period of economic uncertainty even if the pandemic subsides.
If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to
consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination,
may be materially adversely affected. 

In
addition, our ability to consummate a business combination may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing, which
may be impacted by COVID-19, recent increases in inflation and other events (such as terrorist attacks, geopolitical unrest, natural
disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases), including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market
liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

21 

The
COVID-19 pandemic, recent increases in inflation and other events (such as terrorist attacks, geopolitical unrest, natural disasters
or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in
this Risk Factors section, such as those related to the market for our securities and cross-border transactions. 

Our
search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially
adversely affected by negative impacts on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from
the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and subsequent sanctions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities. 

United
States and global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the invasion
of Ukraine by Russia in February 2022. In response to such invasion, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO deployed
additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have
announced various sanctions and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the removal
of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system. Certain
countries, including the United States, have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine during
the ongoing military conflict, increasing geopolitical tensions with Russia. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the resulting measures
that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other
countries have created global security concerns that could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. Although the length
and impact of the ongoing military conflict in Ukraine is highly unpredictable, the conflict could lead to market disruptions, including
significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions. Additionally, Russian
military actions and the resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability
and lack of liquidity in capital markets. 

Any
of the abovementioned factors, or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting
from the Russian invasion of Ukraine and subsequent sanctions, could adversely affect our search for a business combination and any target
business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination. The extent and duration of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, resulting
sanctions and any related market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial, particularly if current or new sanctions
continue for an extended period of time or if geopolitical tensions result in expanded military operations on a global scale. Any such
disruptions may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such
as those related to the market for our securities, cross-border transactions or our ability to raise equity or debt financing in connection
with any particular business combination. If these disruptions or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of
time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a
business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

Recent
increases in inflation in the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.

Recent
increases in inflation in the United States and elsewhere may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, including
ours, or other national, regional or international economic disruptions, any of which could make it more difficult for us to complete
our initial business combination. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may
elect to purchase shares or warrants from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed initial business combination
and reduce the public float of our Class A common stock. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares
or public warrants or a combination thereof in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the
completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. None of the funds in the trust account
will be used to purchase public shares or public warrants in such transactions. 

Such
a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer
the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers,
advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to
exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares.
The purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood
of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial business combination, or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target
that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it
appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the
number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection
with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination
that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the
Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. 

22 

In
addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A common stock or public warrants and the number of
beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading
of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

If
a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or
fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We
will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable,
such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials or tender offer documents,
as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe
the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares, which may include the requirement
that a beneficial holder must identify itself. For example, we may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption
rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our
transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business
days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to
deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures,
its shares may not be redeemed. 

In
connection with any stockholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, we may require stockholders who wish
to redeem their shares in connection with a proposed business combination to comply with specific requirements for redemption that may
make it more difficult for them to exercise their redemption rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights. 

In
connection with any stockholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, each public stockholder will have
the right, regardless of whether he or she is voting for or against such proposed business combination or does not vote at all, to demand
that we redeem his or her shares into a pro rata share of the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the
initial business combination. We may require public stockholders who wish to redeem their shares in connection with a proposed business
combination to either (i) tender their certificates to our transfer agent or (ii) deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically
using DTC s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holders option, in each case prior to a date set forth
in the tender offer documents or proxy materials sent in connection with the proposal to approve the business combination. In order to
obtain a physical stock certificate, a stockholder s broker and/or clearing broker, DTC and our transfer agent will need to act
to facilitate this request. It is our understanding that stockholders should generally allot at least two weeks to obtain physical certificates
from the transfer agent. However, because we do not have any control over this process or over the brokers or DTC, it may take significantly
longer than two weeks to obtain a physical stock certificate. While we have been advised that it takes a short time to deliver shares
through the DWAC System, we cannot assure you of this fact. Accordingly, if it takes longer than we anticipate for stockholders to deliver
their shares, stockholders who wish to redeem may be unable to meet the deadline for exercising their redemption rights and thus may
be unable to redeem their shares. 

If,
in connection with any stockholder meeting called to approve a proposed business combination, we require public stockholders wh o
wish to redeem their shares to comply with specific requirements for redemption, such redeeming stockholders may be unable to sell their
securities when they wish to in the event that the proposed business combination is not approved. 

If
we require public stockholders who wish to redeem their shares to comply with specific requirements for redemption and such proposed
business combination is not consummated, we will promptly return such certificates to the tendering public stockholders. Accordingly,
investors who attempted to redeem their shares in such a circumstance will be unable to sell their securities after the failed business
combination until we have returned their securities to them. The market price for our shares of Class A common stock may decline during
this time and you may not be able to sell your securities when you wish to, even while other stockholders that did not seek redemption
may be able to sell their securities. 

23 

Because
of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete
our initial business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately
 10.00 per share on our redemption of our public shares, or less than such amount in certain circumstances,
and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We
expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors
(which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities competing for the types of businesses
we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and
effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these
competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more industry knowledge than we do, and our financial resources will
be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses
we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placements of the private placement
units, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available
financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses.
Furthermore, because we are obligated to pay cash for the shares of Class A common stock which our public stockholders redeem in connection
with our initial business combination, target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial
business combination. This may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. If
we do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation
of the trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than
 10.00 per share upon our liquidation. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account
could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other
risk factors herein. 

As
the number of special purpose acquisition companies increases, there may be more competition to find an attractive target for an initial
business combination. This could increase the costs associated with completing our initial business combination and may result in
our inability to find a suitable target for our initial business combination. 

In
recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many companies have
entered into business combinations with special purpose acquisition companies, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies
seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many additional special purpose acquisition companies currently in
registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, effort and resources to
identify a suitable target for an initial business combination. 

In
addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available
targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target
companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry
sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, including the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the resulting sanctions, or increases in the
cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination, including as a result
of measures imposed to limit recent increases in inflation in the United States and elsewhere. This could increase the cost of, delay
or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find a suitable target for and/or complete our initial business combination. 

If
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placements of the private placement units not being held in the trust
account are insufficient to allow us to operate until August 17, 2023 (or such later date as may be approved by our stockholders), we
may be unable to complete our initial business combination, in which case our public stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share ,
or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

The
funds available to us outside of the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least until August 17, 2023 (or
such later date as may be approved by our stockholders), assuming that our initial business combination is not completed during that
time. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account will be sufficient to allow us to operate until August 17,
2023; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds
available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds
as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep
target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses)
with respect to a particular proposed initial business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered
into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently
required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching
for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we do not complete our initial business combination, our public
stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of the trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.
In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share upon our liquidation. See If
third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount
received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. 

24 

If
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placements of the private placement units not being held in the trust
account are insufficient, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our
initial business combination and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search for an initial business
combination, to pay our taxes and to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable
to complete our initial business combination. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 324,188 in our operating bank accounts, 159,610,253 in cash and marketable securities held in the trust
account (including 5,516,648 of deferred underwriting fees) and working capital of 106,448, which excludes 2,073,341 of interest earned
on the trust account that is available to pay franchise and income taxes payable. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would
need to borrow funds from our sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. None of our sponsor,
members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any
such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial
business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement-equivalent units at a price of 10.00
per unit at the option of the lender. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from
parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and
provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in the trust account. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we
may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we
do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our
public stockholders may only receive approximately 10.00 per share on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire
worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares.
See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption
amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. 

Changes
in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate
and complete an initial business combination. 

The
market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and
our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged
for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue
into the future. 

The
increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive
for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify
its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense
and/or accept less favorable terms. Furthermore, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have
an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 

In
addition, after completion of any initial business combination, our directors and officers could be subject to potential liability from
claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to such initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our
directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such
claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination
entity and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

25 

Because we are not
limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry, sector or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial
business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business operations. 

Although we may complete a
business combination with an operating company in the Consumer industry in the United States (which may include a company based in the
United States with operations or opportunities outside the United States), we may also pursue acquisition opportunities in other industries,
except that we will not, under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, be permitted to effectuate our initial business
combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. To the extent we complete our initial business
combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine
with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks
inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will
endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess
all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may
be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target
business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than
a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to
remain stockholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders
are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the
breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring
a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination
contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

Past performance by members of our management
team may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us or in the future performance
of any business that we may acquire. 

Past performance by members
of our management team is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that
we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should not rely on the historical record of members
of our management team s performance as indicative of our future performance of an investment in the company or the returns the
company will, or is likely to, generate going forward. 

We may seek business combination opportunities
in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. 

Although we have initially
focused on identifying companies that would leverage our management team s experience in acquiring and operating businesses, including
in the Consumer industry, we will consider an initial business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if an initial
business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive business combination opportunity
for our company or we are unable to identify a suitable candidate in one of these industries after having expanded a reasonable amount
of time and effort in an attempt to do so. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business
combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot
assure you that an investment in our securities will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in our initial public offering
than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in an initial business combination candidate. In the event we elect to pursue
a business combination outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly
applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained elsewhere in this report and our final prospectus regarding the
areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result,
our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any stockholders who
choose to remain stockholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders
are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

26 

Although we have identified general criteria
and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination
with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial
business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 

Although we have identified
general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter
into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination
with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business
that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target
that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may
make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain
amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval
for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination if the
target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we do not complete our initial business combination, our public
stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of the trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.
In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See 
If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount
received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. 

We may seek business combination opportunities
with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue, cash flow or earnings,
which could subject us to volatile revenues, cash flows or earnings or difficulty in retaining key
personnel. 

To the extent we complete
our initial business combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record
of revenue, cash flow or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine.
These risks include investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues
or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel, as well as risks related to any financial projections we may provide
to the public, any changes in these projections or the failure to meet such projections. Although our officers and directors will endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant
risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control
and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 

Management s flexibility in identifying
and selecting a prospective target business or businesses, along with our management s financial interest in consummating our initial
business combination, may lead management to enter into an acquisition agreement that is not in
the best interest of our stockholders. 

Subject to the requirements
in Nasdaq rules and our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that we must complete one or more business combinations having
an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting
commissions and taxes payable) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for such initial business combination, we have virtually
unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective target business or businesses. Investors will be relying on management s
ability to identify business combinations, evaluate their merits, conduct or monitor diligence and conduct negotiations. Management s
flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective target business or businesses, along with management s financial interest
in consummating our initial business combination, may lead management to enter into an acquisition agreement that is not in the best interest
of our stockholders, which would be the case if the trading price of our shares of Class A common stock after giving effect to such business
combination was less than the per-share trust liquidation value that our stockholders would have received if we had dissolved without
consummating our initial business combination. 

We are not required to obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an
independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Unless we complete our initial
business combination with an affiliated entity or our board cannot independently determine the fair market value of the target business
or businesses, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from
an independent accounting firm that the price we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained,
our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally
accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable,
related to our initial business combination. 

27 

Resources could be wasted in researching
business combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge
with another business. If we do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately
 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of
the trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

The investigation of each
specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments
requires substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys, consultants and others. If we decide
not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would
not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial
business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related
costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we
do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation
of the trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00
per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust
account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and
other risk factors herein. 

We are
dependent upon our officers and directors and their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our operations are dependent
upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the
continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. We do not have an
employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services
of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

We
may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete an initial business combination, which may
adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

We may choose to incur substantial
debt to complete our initial business combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from
the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance
of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could
have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

28 

our inability to pay dividends on our common stock; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and 

other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We may only be able to complete one business
combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placements of the private placement units received by us,
which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number
of services and limited operating activities. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operating results and profitability. 

We may effectuate our initial
business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However,
we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including
the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that
present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By
completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic,
competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading
of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different
industries or different areas of a single industry. 

Accordingly, the prospects
for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This lack of diversification
may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon
the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete
business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and
give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously
acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its
business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay
our ability, to complete our initial business combination. We do not, however, intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries
in conjunction with our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including
additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers)
and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies
in a single operating business. If we do not adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results
of operations. 

We may 
attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result
in an initial business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In pursuing our initial business
combination strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information
generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business
combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in an initial business combination with a company that is not as profitable
as we suspected, if at all, or that fails to meet the projections upon which our valuation may be based. 

29 

We may
seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could
delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. 

We may seek business combination
opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement
such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination
may not be as successful as we anticipate. 

To the extent we complete
our initial business combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by
numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our
strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations,
we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If
we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may
not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us
with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination
may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption
threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete an
initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in
an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and
after payment of deferred underwriting commissions (such that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or
any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination.
As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders
do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination
and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into
privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event the
aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption
plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate
amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, all shares of Class A common
stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 

In order to effectuate an initial business
combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments,
including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business
combination that our stockholders may not support. 

In order to effectuate an
initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified
governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business
combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to
their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending provisions
in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that relate to our pre-initial business combination activity requires the
approval of holders of 65 of our common stock, and amending our warrant agreement requires a vote of holders of at least 50 of the then
outstanding public warrants; provided that, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private warrants or any provision
of the warrant agreement with respect to the private warrants that does not adversely affect any of the terms of the public warrants,
such amendment requires only the written consent or vote of the registered holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding private warrants.
In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires us to provide our public stockholders with the opportunity
to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify
the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of
our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by August 17, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision
relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity. To the extent any such amendments would be deemed
to fundamentally change the nature of any securities offered through the registration statement for our initial public offering, we would
register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our
charter or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business
combination. 

30 

The provisions of our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation that relate to our pre-initial business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement
governing the release of funds from the trust account), including an amendment to permit us to withdraw funds from the trust account such
that the per share amount investors will receive upon any redemption or liquidation is substantially reduced or eliminated, may be amended
with the approval of holders of 65 of our common stock, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies.
It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our stockholders may not support. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that any of its provisions related to pre-initial business combination activity (including the requirement
to deposit proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placements of private placement units into the trust account and not
release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described herein and
including to permit us to withdraw funds from the trust account such that the per share amount investors will receive upon any redemption
or liquidation is substantially reduced or eliminated) may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote
thereon, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from the trust account may be amended if approved
by holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. In all other instances, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of
the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules. We may not issue additional securities that can vote on amendments to our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation. Our initial stockholders, who collectively beneficially own, on an as converted basis, approximately 20.0 
of our common stock (not including the shares of Class A common stock included in the private placement units), will participate in any
vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any
manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation which
govern our pre-initial business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our
ability to complete an initial business combination with which you do not agree. Our stockholders may pursue remedies against us for any
breach of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business
combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by August 17, 2023 or (ii) with
respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide
our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the
trust account and not previously released to us to pay taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. These agreements
are contained in a letter agreement that we have entered into with our sponsor, officers and directors. Our stockholders are not parties
to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our
sponsor, officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our stockholders would need
to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 

Certain
agreements related to our initial public offering may be amended without stockholder approval. 

Certain agreements, including
the letter agreement among us and our sponsor, officers, directors and initial stockholders, and the registration rights agreement entered
into in connection with our initial public offering, may be amended without stockholder approval. These agreements contain various provisions,
including transfer restrictions on our founder shares, that our public stockholders might deem to be material. It may be possible that
our board of directors, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments
to any such agreement in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Any such amendments would not require approval
from our stockholders, may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and
may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. 

31 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing
to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business,
which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. 

We intend to target businesses
larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placements of the private placement
units. As a result, we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. We cannot
assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be
unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon
that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. Further, the amount of additional financing we
may be required to obtain could increase as a result of future growth capital needs for any particular transaction, the depletion of the
available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to repurchase for cash a significant number of shares from stockholders
who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination and/or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares
in connection with our initial business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may
receive only approximately 10.00 per share plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously
released to us to pay our taxes on the liquidation of the trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we
do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or
growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development
or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection
with or after our initial business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only
receive approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of the trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. Furthermore, as
described in the risk factor entitled If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be
reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share, under certain circumstances
our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share upon the liquidation of the trust account. 

Our initial stockholders may exert a substantial
influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

Our initial stockholders collectively
beneficially own, on an as converted basis, approximately 20.0 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock (not including the
shares of Class A common stock included in the private placement units). Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions
requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation and approval of major corporate transactions. If our initial stockholders purchase any additional shares of common stock
in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Factors that would be considered in making
such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, our board
of directors, whose members were elected by certain of our initial stockholders, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which
will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual
meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current
directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the initial business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as
a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of our board of directors will be considered for election
and our initial stockholders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly,
our initial stockholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. 

Unlike
many other similarly structured blank check companies, our initial stockholders will receive additional shares of Class A common
stock if we issue shares to consummate an initial business combination. 

The founder shares will automatically
convert into Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination, or earlier at the option of the holders, on a
one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities
convertible or exercisable for Class A common stock, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in our initial
public offering and related to the closing of the initial business combination, the ratio at which founder shares shall convert into Class A
common stock will be adjusted so that the number of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal,
in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the total number of all outstanding shares of common stock upon completion of
the initial business combination, excluding the shares of Class A common stock underlying the private placement units and any shares or
equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the business combination and any private placement-equivalent units
issued upon conversion of loans made to us. This is different from most other similarly structured blank check companies in which the
initial stockholder will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior to the initial business
combination. Additionally, the aforementioned adjustment will not take into account any shares of Class A common stock redeemed in
connection with the business combination. Accordingly, the holders of the founder shares could receive additional shares of Class A
common stock even if the additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities convertible or exercisable for
Class A common stock, are issued or deemed issued solely to replace those shares that were redeemed in connection with the business
combination. The foregoing may make it more difficult and expensive for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

32 

Our public warrants, founder shares and
private placement units (including the securities contained therein) may have an adverse effect
on the market price of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. 

We issued an aggregate of
(i) 7,880,925 public warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment,
as part of the units sold in our initial public offering, and (ii) 297,618 private warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of
Class A common stock at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, and 595,237 private shares as part of the private placement units sold
in the private placements. Our initial stockholders currently own an aggregate of 3,940,462 founder shares. The founder shares are convertible
into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as set forth herein. In addition, if our sponsor,
an affiliate of our sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors make any working capital loans to us, up to 1,500,000 of such loans
may be converted into units, at the price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. Such units would be identical to the private
placement units. To the extent we issue shares of Class A common stock to effectuate an initial business combination, the potential for
the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of these warrants and conversion rights
could make us a less attractive business combination vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued
and outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and reduce the value of the shares of Class A common stock issued to complete the initial
business combination. Therefore, our warrants and founder shares may make it more difficult to effectuate an initial business combination
or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

A provision
of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to complete an initial business combination. 

Unlike most blank check companies,
if (i) we issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with
the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share of Class A common
stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any
such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our initial stockholders or their
affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such
issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business
combination on the date of the completion of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the volume-weighted average
trading price of our Class A common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we complete
our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the
warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 and 18.00
per share redemption trigger prices will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 100 and 180 of the higher of the Market Value
and the Newly Issued Price, respectively. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a
target business. 

Because we must furnish our stockholders
with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous
initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules require
that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on an initial business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include
historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure
in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements
may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, GAAP or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical
financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements
may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements
in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within
the prescribed time frame. 

33 

If we effect our initial business combination
with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject
to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If we effect our initial business
combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to any special considerations
or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

higher costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with different commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

longer payment cycles and challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

tax issues, including but not limited to tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

data privacy; 

changes in industry, regulatory or environmental standards within the jurisdictions where we operate; 

public health or safety concerns and governmental restrictions, including those caused by outbreaks of pandemic disease such as the COVID-19 pandemic; 

crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars, such as the invasion of Ukraine by Russia; 

deterioration of political relations with the United States; and 

government appropriations of assets. 

We may not be able to adequately
address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer, which may adversely impact our results of operations
and financial condition. 

34 

We may 
face risks related to businesses in the Consumer industry. 

Business combinations with
businesses in the Consumer industry entail special considerations and risks. If we are successful in completing a business combination
with such a target business, we may be subject to, and possibly adversely affected by, the following risks: 

an inability to compete effectively in a highly competitive environment with many incumbents having substantially greater resources; 

an inability to manage rapid change, increasing customer or subscriber expectations and growth; 

an inability to build strong brand identity and improve customer or subscriber satisfaction and loyalty; 

limitations on a target business ability to protect its intellectual property rights, including its trade secrets, that could cause a loss in revenue and any competitive advantage; 

a reliance on proprietary technology to provide services and to manage our operations, and the failure of this technology to operate effectively, or our failure to use such technology effectively; 

the high cost or unavailability of materials, equipment, supplies and personnel that could adversely affect our ability to execute our operations on a timely basis; 

an inability to attract and retain customers or subscribers; 

an inability to license or enforce intellectual property rights on which our business may depend; 

any significant disruption in our computer systems or those of third-parties that we would utilize in our operations; 

seasonality and weather conditions that may cause our operating results to vary from quarter to quarter; 

an inability by us to successfully anticipate changing consumer preferences and buying trends and manage our product line and inventory commensurate with customer demand; 

an inability by us, or a refusal by third parties, to license content to us upon acceptable terms; 

potential liability for negligence, copyright, or trademark infringement or other claims based on the nature and content of materials that we may distribute or services we perform; 

dependence of our operations upon third-party suppliers or service providers whose failure to perform adequately could disrupt our business; 

our operating results may be adversely affected by changes in the cost or availability of raw materials and energy; 

we may be subject to production-related risks which could jeopardize our ability to realize anticipated sales and profits; 

changes in the retail industry and markets for consumer products affecting our customers or retailing practices could negatively impact customer relationships and our results of operations; 

our business could involve the potential for product recalls, product liability and other claims against us, which could affect our earnings and financial condition; 

35 

competition for advertising revenue; 

competition for the leisure and entertainment time and discretionary spending of subscribers or customers, which may intensify in part due to advances in technology and changes in consumer expectations and behavior; 

disruption or failure of our networks, systems or technology as a result of computer viruses, cyber attacks, misappropriation of data or other malfeasance, as well as outages, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, accidental releases of information or similar events; 

an inability to obtain necessary hardware, software and operational support; and 

our inability to comply with governmental regulations or obtain governmental approval of our products. 

Any of the foregoing could
have an adverse impact on our operations following a business combination. However, our efforts in identifying prospective target businesses
are not limited to the Consumer industry. Accordingly, if we acquire a target business in another industry, these risks we will be subject
to risks attendant with the specific industry in which we operate or target business which we acquire, which may or may not be different
than those risks listed above. 

Subsequent 
to the completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment
or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price,
which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even if we conduct extensive
due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface all material issues that
may be present inside a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount
of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these
factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other
charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may
arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges
may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute
to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other
covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining
debt financing to partially finance the initial business combination. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders
following the initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. 

Our management 
may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. 

We may structure an initial
business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than 100 of
the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company
owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target
sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction
that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our
stockholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company,
depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction
in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of Class A common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a
target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of
new shares of common stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares
of common stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting
in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make
it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. We cannot provide assurance that,
upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably
operate such business. 

36 

We may have a limited ability to assess
the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination 
with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company, which could,
in turn, negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

When evaluating the desirability
of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management
may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s management, therefore,
may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target s
management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability
of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following
the initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy
for such reduction in value. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial
business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our 
key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact
the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our ability to successfully
effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target
business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management
or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business
will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we employ after our initial business combination, we cannot
assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements
of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with
such requirements. In addition, the officers and directors of an initial business combination candidate may resign upon completion of
our initial business combination. The departure of an initial business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact
the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an initial business combination candidate s
key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that
certain members of an initial business combination candidate s management team will remain associated with the initial business
combination candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an initial business
combination candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability
of our post-combination business. 

Risks Relating to Conflicts of Interest of
our Officers, Directors and Others 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment
or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for
them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest
in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be able
to remain with the company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting
agreements in connection with the initial business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation
of the initial business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or
our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the initial business combination. The personal and financial
interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe the ability
of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination will not be the determining factor in our
decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of our
key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel
will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with
us will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

37 

Our officers and directors will allocate
their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs.
This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination . 

Our officers and directors
are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their
time between our operations and our search for an initial business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any
full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in other business
endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number
of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors may also serve as officers or board members for other entities. If our officers 
and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current
commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete
our initial business combination. 

Certain of our officers and directors are
now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be
conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining 
to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Following the completion of
our initial public offering and until we consummate our initial business combination, we have engaged and will continue to engage in the
business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our sponsor and officers and directors are, and may in the future become,
affiliated with entities (such as operating companies or investment vehicles) that are engaged in a similar business. 

Our officers and directors
also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe
certain fiduciary or contractual duties. 

Accordingly, they may have
conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be
resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director
or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company
and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue,
and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

Our officers, directors, security holders
and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests . 

We have not adopted a policy
that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial
interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact,
we may enter into an initial business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or officers,
although we do not intend to do so. We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account
in business activities of the types conducted by us, including the formation or participation in one or more other blank check companies.
Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 

38 

We may engage in an initial business combination
with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated 
with our sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement
of our sponsor, officers, directors and initial stockholders with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated
with our sponsor, officers, directors or initial stockholders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities.
Our sponsor and our directors and officers may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the
period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities.
Although we are not specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction
if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for an initial business combination and such transaction was approved by
a majority of our disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that
is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm, regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of an
initial business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our officers, directors or existing
holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the initial business combination may not be as
advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

We may engage one or more of the underwriters
of our initial public offering or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us, which may include acting as
financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection 
with a related financing transaction. Such underwriters are entitled to receive deferred commissions that will be released from the trust
account only on a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts
of interest in rendering any such additional services to us, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation
of an initial business combination. 

We may engage one or more
of the underwriters of our initial public offering or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us, including,
for example, identifying potential targets, providing financial advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or
arranging debt financing. We may pay such underwriter or its affiliate fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that would be determined
at that time in an arm s length negotiation. Such underwriters are also entitled to receive deferred commissions that are conditioned
on the completion of an initial business combination. Such underwriters or their respective affiliates financial interests
tied to the consummation of a business combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such
additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business
combination. 

Since our sponsor, officers and directors
will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining
whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

On July 7, 2020, we issued
an aggregate of 5,750,000 founder shares to our sponsor and our independent directors for an aggregate price of 25,000, or approximately
 0.004 per share. On July 23, 2021, our sponsor forfeited 1,437,500 founder shares, resulting in an aggregate of 4,312,500 founder shares
outstanding. Our sponsor transferred to certain of the underwriters of our initial public offering and certain of their employees an aggregate
of 240,001 founder shares at the original purchase price. On August 25, 2021, in connection with the underwriters election to partially
exercise their over-allotment option and the forfeiture of the remaining portion of such over-allotment option, an aggregate of 372,038
founder shares were forfeited to us at no cost, and 3,940,462 founder shares remain outstanding. The number of founder shares issued was
determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent approximately 20 of the outstanding shares after our initial
public offering (not including the shares of Class A common stock underlying the private placement units). The founder shares will be
worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor and certain of the underwriters of our initial
public offering and certain of the underwriters employees purchased an aggregate of 595,237 private placement units for a purchase
price of 5,952,370, or 10.00 per unit, that will also be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. Holders of
founder shares have agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed initial business combination and (B) not to redeem
any founder shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. In addition, we may obtain
loans from our sponsor, affiliates of our sponsor or an officer or director, and we may reimburse our sponsor, officers, directors and
any of their respective affiliates fees and expenses in connection with identifying, investigating and completing an initial business
combination. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting
a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the
initial business combination. 

39 

Since our anchor investors will acquire
founder shares from our sponsor upon consummation of the initial business combination, a conflict of interest may arise in determining
whether a particular target business is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

Our anchor investors have
an indirect interest in founder shares controlled by our sponsor, which are expected to be distributed to our anchor investors after the
completion of an initial business combination. Provided that we successfully complete a business combination, these anchor investors will
share in any appreciation of the founder shares and, accordingly, our anchor investors interests in the founder shares may provide
them with an incentive to vote any public shares they own in favor of a business combination, and make a substantial profit on such interests,
even if the business combination is with a target that ultimately declines in value and is not profitable for other public stockholders. 

Our initial stockholders initially paid
an aggregate of 25,000 for the founder shares, or approximately 0.004 per share. As a result of this low initial 
price, our initial stockholders could make a substantial profit even if an initial business combination subsequently declines in value
or is unprofitable for our public stockholders. 

As a result of the low acquisition
cost of our founder shares, our initial stockholders could make a substantial profit even if we select and consummate an initial business
combination with an acquisition target that subsequently declines in value or is unprofitable for our public stockholders. Thus, such
parties may have more of an economic incentive for us to enter into an initial business combination with a riskier, weaker-performing or
financially unstable business, or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, than would be the case if our initial
stockholders had initially paid the full offering price for the founder shares. 

The nominal 
purchase price paid by our initial stockholders for the founder shares may significantly dilute the implied value of the public shares
in the event we consummate an initial business combination, and our initial stockholders are likely to make a substantial profit on their
investment in us in the event we consummate an initial business combination, even if the business combination causes the trading price
of our Class A common stock to materially decline. 

Our initial stockholders invested
an aggregate of 5,977,370 in our company in connection with our initial public offering, comprised of the 25,000 purchase price for
the founder shares and the 5,952,370 purchase price for the private placement units. The amount held in the trust account was 159,610,253
as of December 31, 2022, implying a value of approximately 10.13 per public share. The value of the public shares may be significantly
diluted as a result of the automatic conversion of the founder shares into shares of Class A common stock upon our completion of an initial
business combination. 

The following table shows
the public stockholders and our initial stockholders investment per share and how these compare to the implied value of
one share of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination. The following table (i) assumes that (a) our
valuation is 159,610,253 (which is the amount held in the trust account as of December 31, 2022), (b) no additional interest is earned
on the funds held in the trust account, (c) no public shares are redeemed in connection with our initial business combination and (d)
all founder shares are held by our initial stockholders upon completion of our initial business combination, and (ii) does not take into
account other potential impacts on our valuation at the time of our initial business combination such as (a) the value of the public warrants
and private warrants, (b) the trading price of our shares of Class A common stock, (c) business combination transaction costs (including
payment of 5,516,648 of deferred underwriting commissions), (d) any equity issued or cash paid to the target s sellers, (e) any
equity issued to other third party investors or (f) the target s business itself, including its assets, liabilities, management
and prospects. 

Public shares 
 15,761,850 shares 
 
 Founder shares 
 3,940,462 shares 
 
 Private shares 
 595,237 shares 
 
 Total shares 
 20,297,549 shares 
 
 Total funds in trust (1) 
 159,610,253 
 
 Public stockholders investment per public share (2) 
 10.00 
 
 Initial stockholders investment per founder share (3)(4) 
 0.006 
 
 Implied value per share of Class A common stock upon completion of the initial business combination 
 7.86 

(1) 
 
 Amount held in the trust account as of December
 31, 2022. 

(2) 
 
 While the public stockholders investment
 is in both the public shares and the public warrants, for purposes of this table the full investment amount is ascribed to the public
 shares only. 

(3) 
 
 Investment per founder share reflects the forfeiture
 by our initial stockholders of 1,809,538 founder shares in the aggregate prior to our initial public offering and in connection with the
 partial forfeiture of the underwriters over-allotment option. 

(4) 
 Our initial stockholders total investment in the equity of our company, inclusive of the founder shares and the 5,952,370 investment in the private placement units, is 5,977,370. 

40 

Note that redemptions of public
shares in connection with our initial business combination would further reduce the implied value of our Class A common stock. For instance,
in the example above, if 50 of the public shares were redeemed in connection with our initial business combination, the implied value
per share would be approximately 6.51. 

While the implied value of
our public shares may be diluted, the implied value of 7.86 per share in the example above would represent a significant implied profit
for our initial stockholders relative to the initial purchase price of the founder shares. At 7.86 per share, the 3,940,462 founder shares
would have an aggregate implied value of approximately 30,972,031. As a result, even if the trading price of our Class A common stock
significantly declines (whether because of a substantial amount of redemptions of our public shares or for any other reason), our initial
stockholders will stand to make significant profit on their investment in us. In addition, our initial stockholders could potentially
recoup their entire investment in us even if the trading price of our Class A common stock were as low as 1.52 per share and even if
the private warrants are worthless. As a result, our initial stockholders are likely to make a substantial profit on their investment
in us even if we select and consummate an initial business combination that causes the trading price of our Class A common stock to decline,
while our public stockholders who purchased their units in our initial public offering could lose significant value in their public shares.
Our initial stockholders may therefore be economically incentivized to consummate an initial business combination with a riskier, weaker-performing
or less-established target business than would be the case if our initial stockholders had paid the same per share price for the founder
shares as our public stockholders paid for their public shares. 

This dilution would increase
to the extent that the anti-dilution provisions of the founder shares result in the issuance of shares of Class A common stock on a greater
than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the founder shares at the time of our initial business combination and would become exacerbated
to the extent that public stockholders seek redemptions from the trust account. In addition, because of the anti-dilution protection in
the founder shares, any equity or equity-linked securities issued in connection with our initial business combination would be disproportionately
dilutive to our Class A common stock. 

Risks Relating to Our Securities 

Concentration 
of ownership among our sponsor and the anchor investors may prevent other investors from influencing significant corporate decisions or
adversely affect the trading price of our securities. 

Our anchor investors purchased
an aggregate of 13,365,000 units in our initial public offering, or approximately 84.8 of the aggregate 15,761,850 units sold. As a result,
immediately following the consummation of our initial public offering, our sponsor and the anchor investors collectively beneficially
owned approximately 86.1 of our outstanding shares of common stock. There can be no assurance as to the amount of units the anchor investors
will retain, if any, prior to or upon the consummation of our initial business combination. So long as the anchor investors hold a substantial
portion of the public shares included in the units purchased, our sponsor and the anchor investors would collectively have substantial
control over us and be able to exercise significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval (although we have no knowledge
of any affiliation or other agreement or arrangement, as to voting of our securities or otherwise, among any such persons). For example,
in the event that the anchor investors continue to hold such public shares included in the units and vote such shares in favor of our
initial business combination (although they are not contractually obligated to, their interest in certain of our founder shares may provide
an incentive for them to do so), we would not need any additional public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor
of our initial business combination to have our initial business combination approved. This potential concentration of influence could
be disadvantageous to other stockholders with interests different from those of our sponsor, underwriters and the anchor investors. In
addition, this potential significant concentration of share ownership may adversely affect the trading price of securities because investors
often perceive disadvantages in owning shares in companies with principal stockholders and might make it more difficult to complete a
business combination with targets that would prefer to enter into a transaction with a SPAC with less concentrated ownership. 

41 

If the anchor investors continue to hold
a substantial portion of the units sold in our initial public offering, the available public float for our securities may be limited,
which could affect the trading volume, liquidity and volatility of our securities, and could result in our inability to satisfy Nasdaq
continued listing requirements. 

Our anchor investors purchased
an aggregate of 13,365,000 units in our initial public offering, or approximately 84.8 of the aggregate 15,761,850 units sold. There
can be no assurance as to the amount of units the anchor investors will retain, if any, prior to or upon the consummation of our initial
business combination. So long as the anchor investors continue to hold a substantial portion of the units sold in our initial public offering,
the available public float for our securities may be limited. Any such limitation in our available public float may consequently reduce
the trading volume and liquidity, and increase the volatility, of our securities relative to what they would have been had such units
been purchased by other public investors. Further, the anchor investors are not required to hold any units, public shares or warrants,
whether purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter, for any amount of time. Accordingly, the anchor investors may sell any,
or up to all, of the units, public shares or public warrants they purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter at any time.
The sale of material amounts of our units, public shares or warrants, or the perception that such sales may occur, could reduce the market
prices of those securities and may encourage short sales. In addition, in order to continue to satisfy Nasdaq s continued listing
requirements, among other requirements, we must have a minimum of 300 public holders. To the extent our public float is limited due to
the anchor investors holdings, we may be more likely than other companies to fall below the required public holder threshold in
the future, which could ultimately result in Nasdaq delisting our securities from trading on its exchange. 

The ability of our public stockholders to
exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination
would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. 

If our initial business combination
agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount
of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business
combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. This
risk may be increasingly prevalent given recent high levels of redemptions among other SPACs seeking stockholder approval of certain charter
amendments or completing their initial business combinations. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your
stock in the open market; however, at such time our stock may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account.
In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption
until we liquidate or you are able to sell your stock in the open market. 

We may not be able to complete our initial
business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share, or less
than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that we must complete our initial business combination by August 17, 2023. We may not be able to find a suitable
target business and complete our initial business combination, or effect an extension, within such time period. Our ability to complete
our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and
the other risks described herein. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic persists both in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent
of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial
business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing
being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and resulting sanctions may also have similar
effects, and the impact of such effects on us will depend on future developments that cannot be predicted with any degree of certainty.
Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic, the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and resulting sanctions, recent increases in inflation and other
events (such as terrorist attacks, geopolitical unrest, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) may
negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. 

42 

If we have not completed our
initial business combination, or effected an extension, within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a
per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on
the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders 
rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii)
as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors,
dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. In such case, our public stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share, and our warrants will expire worthless.
In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See 
If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount
received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. 

You will not have any rights or interests
in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your
public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public stockholders will
be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination,
and then only in connection with those shares of Class A common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the
limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection
with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by
August 17, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination
activity and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination by August 17, 2023 (or such
later date as may be approved by our stockholders), subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In no other circumstances
will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to
the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell
your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

A market for our securities may not fully
develop or be sustained, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. 

The price of our securities
may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions, including as a result
of the COVID-19 pandemic, the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and resulting sanctions, recent increases in inflation and other events (such
as terrorist attacks, geopolitical unrest, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases). An active trading
market for our securities may not fully develop or be sustained. Additionally, if our securities become delisted from Nasdaq for any reason,
and are quoted on the OTC Pink Sheets, an inter-dealer automated quotation system for equity securities not listed on a national exchange,
or other over-the-counter market, the liquidity and price of our securities may be more limited than if we were listed on Nasdaq or another
national exchange. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be fully developed and sustained. 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading
on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading
restrictions. 

Our securities are currently
listed on Nasdaq, a national securities exchange. On January 9, 2023, we received the Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department
of Nasdaq indicating that we are not in compliance with the Annual Stockholders Meeting Rule due to our failure to hold an annual meeting
of stockholders within twelve months of the end of our fiscal year end. The Notice is only a notification of deficiency, not of imminent
delisting, and has no current effect on the listing or trading of our securities on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The Notice stated that
we had 45 calendar days, or until February 23, 2023, to submit a plan to regain compliance with the Annual Stockholders Meeting Rule.
On February 17, 2023, we submitted to Nasdaq a plan to regain compliance with the Annual Stockholders Meeting Rule within the required
timeframe. On March 7, 2023, Nasdaq accepted our plan and granted us an extension until June 29, 2023 to regain compliance with the Annual Stockholders
Meeting Rule. We expect to hold an annual meeting of stockholders by such date and to regain compliance with the Annual Stockholders Meeting
Rule, but there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so. 

43 

We cannot assure you that
we will be able to regain compliance with the Annual Stockholders Meeting Rule or that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq
in the future or prior to our initial business combination, including following any stockholder redemptions in connection with certain
amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. If our securities do not meet Nasdaq s continued listing requirements,
Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial
business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum market
value of listed securities (generally 35 million) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). Additionally,
in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing
requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing
of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, our stock price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share, our stockholders 
equity would generally be required to be at least 5 million and we would be required to have a minimum of 300 round lot holders
of our Class A common stock. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. 

If Nasdaq delists any of our
securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect
our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences,
including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The National Securities Markets
Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which
are referred to as covered securities. Because our units, Class A common stock and warrants are listed on Nasdaq, our units, Class
A common stock and warrants are covered securities. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities,
the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent
activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having
used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain
state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder
the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would
not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities, including in connection
with our initial business combination. 

44 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of stockholders
are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 
of our Class A common stock. 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate
of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the
shares sold in our initial public offering without our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we
would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial
business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business
combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally,
you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as
a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to
sell your stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If third parties bring claims against us,
the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than
 10.00 per share. 

Our placing of funds in the
trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we have sought and will continue to seek to
have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and
other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any
monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if
they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to,
fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of
the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust
account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management
will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed
a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative.
Making such a request of potential target businesses may make our acquisition proposal less attractive to them and, to the extent prospective
target businesses refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field of potential target businesses that we might pursue. 

Examples of possible instances
where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular
expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute
a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee
that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts
or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we
do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection
with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may
be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders
could be less than the 10.00 per share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Our sponsor has agreed that
it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm)
for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent,
confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser
of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation
of the trust account, if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that
such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights
to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity
of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However,
we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor
has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company.
Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully
made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than
 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser
amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims
by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

45 

Our directors may decide not to enforce
the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution
to our public stockholders. 

In the event that the proceeds
in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per share held in the trust
account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust
assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its
obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether
to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance
if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable
or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these
indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced
below 10.00 per share. 

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy
indemnification claims of our directors and officers. 

We have agreed to indemnify
our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right,
title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and not to seek recourse against the trust account for any
reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside
of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may
discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions
also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action,
if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected
to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in
the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us
that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and we and our board may be exposed to claims of punitive
damages. 

If, after we distribute the
proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed
against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy
laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek
to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its
fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying
public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in
the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us
that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share
amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If, before distributing the
proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed
against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included
in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any
bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection
with our liquidation may be reduced. 

46 

The securities in which we invest the funds
held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the
per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 

The proceeds held in the trust
account are invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting
certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations.
While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative
interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market
Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States.
In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, our public stockholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account,
plus any interest income, net of taxes payable (less, in the case we are unable to complete our initial business combination, up to 100,000
of interest to pay dissolution expenses). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption
amount received by public stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 

If we have not completed an initial business
combination by August 17, 2023 (or such later date as may be approved by our stockholders), our public stockholders may be forced to wait
beyond August 17, 2023 (or such later date as may be approved by our stockholders) before redemption from the trust account. 

If we have not completed an
initial business combination by August 17, 2023 (or such later date as may be approved by our stockholders), the proceeds then on deposit
in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes,
if any (less up to 100,000 of the interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares. Any
redemption of public stockholders from the trust account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind-up, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount
therein, pro rata, to our public stockholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must
comply with the applicable provisions of the DGCL. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond August 17, 2023 (or such later
date as may be approved by our stockholders) before the redemption proceeds of the trust account become available to them, and they receive
the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from the trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior
to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless we complete our initial business combination or amend certain provisions of our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation prior thereto and only then in cases where investors have properly sought to redeem their Class
A common stock. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public stockholders be entitled to distributions if we have not completed
our initial business combination within the required time period and do not amend certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation prior thereto. 

Our stockholders may be held liable for
claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

Under the DGCL, stockholders
may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution.
The pro rata portion of the trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event
we do not complete our initial business combination by August 17, 2023 (or such later date as may be approved by our stockholders) may
be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280
of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during
which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject
any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability
of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the
claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of
the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following August 17, 2023 (or
such later date as may be approved by our stockholders) in the event we do not complete our initial business combination and, therefore,
we do not intend to comply with the foregoing procedures. 

47 

Because we will not be complying
with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for
our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our
dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching
for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers,
etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders
with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount
distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution.
We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could
potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders
may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of the trust account distributed to our public
stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by August 17, 2023
(or such later date as may be approved by our stockholders) is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption
distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances
that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be
six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. 

We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders
until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our stockholders to elect directors. 

In accordance with Nasdaq
corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year
end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders
for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a
meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination,
and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders
want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold
one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. 

Holders of Class A common stock will not
be entitled to vote on any election of directors we hold prior to our initial business combination. 

Prior to our initial business
combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders of our public shares
will not be entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. Accordingly, you may not have any say in the management of
our company prior to the consummation of an initial business combination. 

48 

We have not registered the shares of Class
A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws, and such registration may
not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants
except on a cashless basis. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt from registration
or qualification, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire
worthless. 

We have not registered the
shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws. However,
under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after
the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement
for the registration under the Securities Act of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter
will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following our initial business
combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, until the
expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do
so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement
or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a
stop order. If the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act,
we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis in which case the number of shares of our Class A
common stock that you will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a maximum number of shares equal to 0.361 shares
of our Class A common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment). However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis,
and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon
such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration
is available. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the
warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant holders may,
until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective
registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to
exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other
compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under
applicable state securities laws and there is no exemption available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not
so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such
warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase
of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the shares of Class A common stock included in the units. If and when
the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise
of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such
registration or qualification. We will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify such shares of common stock under
the blue-sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in our initial public offering. However,
there may be instances in which holders of our public warrants may be unable to exercise such public warrants but holders of our private
warrants may be able to exercise such private warrants. 

Our ability to require holders of our warrants
to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis after we call the warrants for redemption or if there is no effective registration statement
covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants will cause holders to receive fewer shares of Class
A common stock upon their exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to pay the exercise price of their
warrants in cash. 

If we call the warrants for
redemption, we will have the option, in our sole discretion, to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless
basis under certain circumstances. If we choose to require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis or if holders elect
to do so when there is no effective registration statement, the number of shares of Class A common stock received by a holder upon exercise
will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his or her warrant for cash. For example, if the holder is exercising
875 public warrants at 11.50 per share through a cashless exercise when the shares of Class A common stock have a fair market value of
 17.50 per share when there is no effective registration statement, then upon the cashless exercise, the holder will receive 300 shares
of Class A common stock. The holder would have received 875 shares of Class A common stock if the exercise price was paid in cash.
This will have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company because the warrant
holder will hold a smaller number of shares of Class A common stock upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold. 

49 

The warrants may become exercisable and
redeemable for a security other than the shares of Class A common stock, and you will not have any information regarding such other security
at this time. 

In certain situations, including
if we are not the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than
the shares of Class A common stock. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant
agreement, you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement,
the surviving company will be required to use its commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying
the warrants within 15 business days of the closing of an initial business combination. 

The grant of registration rights to our
initial stockholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may
adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 

Pursuant to a registration
rights agreement entered into on August 12, 2021, our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register
the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the founder shares, the private placement units, the private shares, the
private warrants, the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private warrants held, or to be held, by them and holders
of units that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register such units, the private shares and private
warrants included in such units and the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private warrants included in such units. We
will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading
in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration
rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the stockholders of the target
business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact
on the market price of our Class A common stock that is expected when the securities owned by our initial stockholders or holders of working
capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered. 

We may issue additional shares of Class
A common stock or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of
our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion of the Class B common stock at
a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained
in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely
present other risks. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, 10,000,000 shares
of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. As of
March 10, 2023, there were 75,464,370 and 6,059,538 authorized but unissued shares of Class A common stock and Class B common
stock, respectively, available for issuance, which amount takes into account the shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance
upon exercise of outstanding warrants but not the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of Class B common stock. As
of March 10, 2023, there were no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. Shares of Class B common stock are convertible
into shares of our Class A common stock initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein, including
in certain circumstances in which we issue Class A common stock or equity-linked securities related to our initial business combination.
Shares of Class B common stock are also convertible at the option of the holder at any time. 

We may issue a substantial
number of additional shares of Class A common stock or shares of preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under
an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination (although our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that we may not issue securities that can vote with common stockholders on matters related to our pre-initial business combination
activity). We may also issue shares of Class A common stock to redeem the warrants as described in our final prospectus or upon conversion
of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the
anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. However, our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides, among other things, that prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue
additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on
any initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with the approval of our stockholders. However, our officers and directors
have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination
or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by August 17, 2023 or (B) with respect to
any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of
taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. 

50 

The issuance of additional
shares of Class A common stock or shares of preferred stock: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of our current security holders; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; 

could cause a change of control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A common stock and/or warrants. 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in
a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public
warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of
shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 

Our warrants were issued in
registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant
agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder (i) to cure any ambiguity or correct
any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant
agreement set forth in our final prospectus, or to cure, correct or supplement any defective provision, (ii) to make any amendments that
are necessary in the good faith determination of our board of directors (taking into account then existing market precedents) to allow
for the warrants to be classified as equity in our financial statements or (iii) to add or change any other provisions with respect
to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and
that the parties deem to not adversely affect the interests of the registered holders of the warrants, but requires the approval by the
holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered
holders of public warrants; provided that, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private warrants or any provision
of the warrant agreement with respect to the private warrants that does not adversely affect any of the terms of the public warrants,
such amendment will require only the written consent or vote of the registered holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding private
warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the
then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent
of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among
other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or stock, shorten the exercise period or decrease
the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

Our warrants are accounted for as derivative
liabilities and were recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have
an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business
combination. 

We issued an aggregate of
(i) 7,880,925 public warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment,
as part of the units sold in our initial public offering, and (ii) 297,618 private warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of
Class A common stock at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, as part of the private placement units sold in the private placements.
We accounted for both the public warrants and the private warrants as derivative liabilities. At each reporting period (1) the accounting
treatment of the warrants will be re-evaluated for proper accounting treatment as a liability or equity and (2) the fair value of
the liability of the public warrants and the private warrants will be remeasured and the change in the fair value of the liability will
be recognized in our statement of operations. If the classification changes as a result of events during the period, the warrants will
be reclassified as of the date of the event that causes the reclassification. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have
an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, potential targets may seek a SPAC that does not have warrants
that are accounted for as derivative liabilities, which may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination
with a target business. 

51 

Our warrant agreement designates the courts
of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for
certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders
to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our warrant agreement provides
that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement,
including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the
exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts
represent an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act
or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person
or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented
to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope of the forum provisions
of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed
to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with
any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of
process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign
action as agent for such warrant holder. 

This choice-of-forum provision
may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company,
which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable
with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving
such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations
and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior
to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem
outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided
that the last reported sales price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock
dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the
third trading day prior to the date on which we give proper notice of such redemption and provided certain other conditions are met. If
and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon
exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect
such registration or qualification. We will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify such shares of common stock
under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in our initial public offering.
Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when
it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise
wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for
redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. 

In addition, we have the ability
to redeem outstanding public warrants once they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant if,
among other things, the last reported sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for stock
splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) on the trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice
of redemption to the warrant holders. In such a case, the holders will be able to exercise their warrants for cash or on a cashless basis
prior to redemption and receive that number of shares of Class A common stock determined by reference to the table set forth in our final
prospectus based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A common stock, except as otherwise described
in our final prospectus. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (i) may be less than the value the holders would have received
if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (ii) may not compensate the holders
for the value of the warrants, including because the number of shares of Class A common stock received is capped at 0.361 shares
of Class A common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants. 

None of the private warrants
will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, except under limited circumstances
described in our final prospectus. 

52 

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future
for our Class A common stock and could entrench management. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their
best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of our board of directors to designate the terms
of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that
otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions
under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make the removal of management more
difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our directors,
officers, other employees or stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery
in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service
of process on such stockholder s counsel, which may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors, officers, other
employees or stockholders. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our directors,
officers, other employees or stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery
in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service
of process on such stockholder s counsel except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines
that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent
to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive
jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction,
or (D) any action arising under the Securities Act, as to which the Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the District
of Delaware shall have concurrent jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital
stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation.
This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for
disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such
claims, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations
thereunder. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in
other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Section
27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange
Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce any
duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 

53 

General Risk Factors 

We are a newly formed company with no operating
history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We are a blank check company
with no operating results to date. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve
our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We may be unable to complete
our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

We have previously identified a material
weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial
reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence
in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

In connection with the preparation
of our financial statements as of September 30, 2021, management determined that at the closing of our initial public offering we had
improperly valued our Class A common stock subject to possible redemption. After consultation with our independent registered public accounting
firm, our management and our audit committee concluded that it was appropriate to restate our previously issued audited balance sheet
as of August 17, 2021. As part of such process, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. 

A material weakness is a deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented, or detected and corrected on a timely basis. 

Effective internal controls
are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. Consequently, we designed and implemented remediation measures
to address the previously identified material weakness, which actions were completed as of September 30, 2022, and we believe we have
remediated the material weakness as of such date. 

If we identify any new material
weaknesses in the future, any such newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our
accounts or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case, we may
be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable
stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and our stock price may decline as a result.
We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential
future material weaknesses. 

We, and following our initial business combination,
the post-business combination company, may face litigation and other risks as a result of the material weakness in our internal control
over financial reporting. 

As part of the restatement
of our previously issued audited balance sheet as of August 17, 2021, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial
reporting. As a result of such material weakness, the restatement, the change in accounting for shares of our Class A common stock subject
to possible redemption and other matters raised or that may in the future be raised by the SEC, we face potential for litigation or other
disputes which may include, among others, claims invoking the federal and state securities laws, contractual claims or other claims arising
from the restatement and material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements.
As of the date of this report, we have no knowledge of any such litigation or dispute. However, we can provide no assurance that such
litigation or dispute will not arise in the future. Any such litigation or dispute, whether successful or not, could have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition or our ability to complete a business combination. 

54 

We are an emerging growth company and a
smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements
available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and
may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We are an emerging
growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but
not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the
requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments
not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be
an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the aggregate
worldwide market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that
time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors
will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there
may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1)
of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until
private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class
of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS
Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth
companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which
means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging
growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison
of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which
has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards
used. 

Additionally, we are a smaller
reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced
disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller
reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals
or exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such
completed fiscal year or the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the
prior June 30th. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial
statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

Our security holders are not entitled to
protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Because we had net tangible
assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the successful completion of our initial public offering and the private placements and filed a Current
Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect
investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, our security holders are not afforded the benefits or protections of
those rules. Among other things, this means our units were immediately tradable and we have a longer period of time to complete our initial
business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, offerings subject to Rule 419 would prohibit the release of any
interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection
with our completion of an initial business combination. 

55 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us
could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We depend on digital technologies,
including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may
deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure
of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential
data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against
such occurrences. In addition, the invasion of Ukraine by Russia, and the impact of sanctions against Russia and the potential for retaliatory
acts from Russia, could result in increased cyber-attacks against U.S. companies. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect
against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents or attacks. It is possible that any of these occurrences,
or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure
to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial
business combination, and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and
regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal
requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws
and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse
effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as
interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial
business combination, and results of operations. 

On March 30, 2022, the SEC
issued proposed rules (the SPAC Rule Proposals relating to, among other items, enhancing disclosures in business combination
transactions involving special purpose acquisition companies, or SPACs, and private operating companies; amending the financial statement
requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business
combination transactions; and the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act. These rules,
if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, may materially adversely affect our ability to negotiate and complete our
initial business combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome
compliance requirements and our activities would be severely restricted and, as a result, we may abandon our efforts to consummate an
initial business combination and liquidate. 

On March 30, 2022, the SEC
issued the SPAC Rule Proposals relating to, among other things, circumstances in which SPACs could potentially be subject to the Investment
Company Act and the regulations thereunder. The SPAC Rule Proposals would provide a safe harbor for such companies from the definition
of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that a SPAC satisfies certain criteria,
including a limited time period to announce and complete a de-SPAC transaction. Specifically, to comply with the safe harbor, the SPAC
Rule Proposals would require a company to file a Current Report on Form 8-K announcing that it has entered into an agreement with a target
company for an initial business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of its registration statement for its initial
public offering (the IPO Registration Statement ). The company would then be required to complete its initial business combination
no later than 24 months after the effective date of the IPO Registration Statement. 

There is currently uncertainty
concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC that has not entered into a definitive agreement within 18 months
after the effective date of the IPO Registration Statement or that may not complete its initial business combination within 24 months
after such date. If we do not enter into a definitive initial business combination agreement within 18 months after the effective date
of our IPO Registration Statement and do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months of such date, it is possible that
a claim could be made that we have been operating as an unregistered investment company. 

If we are deemed to be an
investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities would be severely restricted. In addition, we would be subject to
burdensome compliance requirements. We do not believe that our principal activities will subject us to regulation as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act. However, if we are deemed to be an investment company and subject to compliance with and regulation
under the Investment Company Act, we would be subject to additional regulatory burdens and expenses for which we have not allotted funds.
As a result, unless we are able to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we would expect to abandon
our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead to liquidate. If we are required to liquidate, our stockholders
would not be able to realize the benefits of owning stock in a successor operating business, including the potential appreciation in the
value of our stock and warrants following such a transaction, and our warrants would expire worthless. 

56 

If we instruct the trustee to liquidate
the securities held in the trust account and instead to hold the funds in the trust account in cash until the earlier of the consummation
of an initial business combination or our liquidation, we may be able to mitigate the risk that we could be deemed to be an investment
company for purposes of the Investment Company Act. Following the liquidation of securities in the trust account, we would likely receive
minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the trust account, which would reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive
upon any redemption or liquidation of our company. 

The funds in the trust account
have, since our initial public offering, been held only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or
in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the
Investment Company Act. However, to mitigate the risk of us being deemed to be an unregistered investment company (including under the
subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act) and thus subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act,
we may, at any time, on or prior to the 24-month anniversary of the effective date of the IPO Registration Statement, instruct the trustee
with respect to the trust account to liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds held in the trust account
and thereafter to hold all funds in the trust account in cash until the earlier of consummation of an initial business combination or
liquidation of our company. Following such liquidation of the securities held in the trust account, we would likely receive minimal interest,
if any, on the funds held in the trust account. However, interest previously earned on the funds held in the trust account still may be
released to us to pay our taxes, if any, and certain other expenses as permitted. As a result, any decision to liquidate the securities
held in the trust account and thereafter to hold all funds in the trust account in cash would reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders
would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of our company. 

In addition, even prior to
the 24-month anniversary of the effective date of the IPO Registration Statement, we may be deemed to be an investment company. The longer
that the funds in the trust account are held in short-term U.S. government treasury obligations or in money market funds invested exclusively
in such securities, even prior to the 24-month anniversary, the greater the risk that we may be considered an unregistered investment
company, in which case we may be required to liquidate our company. Accordingly, we may determine, in our discretion, to liquidate the
securities held in the trust account at any time, even prior to the 24-month anniversary, and instead hold all funds in the trust account
in cash, which would further reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of our
company. As of the date of this report, we have not yet made any such determination to liquidate the securities held in the trust account. 

Were we considered
to be a foreign person, we might not be able to complete an initial business combination with a U.S. target company if such
initial business combination is subject to U.S. foreign investment regulations and review by a U.S. government entity such as the Committee
on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS ), or ultimately prohibited. 

Certain
federally licensed businesses in the United States, such as broadcasters and airlines, may be subject to rules or regulations that limit
foreign ownership. In addition, CFIUS is an interagency committee authorized to review certain transactions involving foreign investment
in the United States by foreign persons in order to determine the effect of such transactions on the national security of the United States.
Were we considered to be a foreign person under such rules and regulations, any proposed business combination between us
and a U.S. business engaged in a regulated industry or which may affect national security could be subject to such foreign ownership restrictions
and/or CFIUS review. The scope of CFIUS was expanded by the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018 FIRRMA to include certain non-controlling investments in sensitive U.S. businesses and certain acquisitions of real estate even with no underlying
U.S. business. FIRRMA, and subsequent implementing regulations that are now in force, also subject certain categories of investments to
mandatory filings. If a potential initial business combination with a U.S. business falls within the scope of foreign ownership restrictions,
we may be unable to consummate an initial business combination with such business. In addition, if a potential initial business combination
falls within CFIUS s jurisdiction, we may be required to make a mandatory filing or determine to submit a voluntary notice to CFIUS,
or to proceed with the initial business combination without notifying CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention, before or after closing the initial
business combination. Our sponsor is a U.S. entity and the manager of our sponsor is a U.S. person. However, if CFIUS has jurisdiction
over our initial business combination, CFIUS may decide to block or delay our initial business combination, impose conditions to mitigate
national security concerns with respect to such initial business combination or order us to divest all or a portion of a U.S. business
of the combined company if we had proceeded without first obtaining CFIUS clearance. If we were considered to be a foreign person, 
the foreign ownership limitations, and the potential impact of CFIUS, may limit the attractiveness of a transaction with us or prevent
us from pursuing certain initial business combination opportunities that we believe would otherwise be beneficial to us and our stockholders.
As a result, in such circumstances, the pool of potential targets with which we could complete an initial business combination could be
limited and we may be adversely affected in terms of competing with other SPACs that do not have similar foreign ownership issues. 

Moreover,
the process of government review, whether by CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy. Because we have only a limited time to complete our
initial business combination, our failure to obtain any required approvals within the requisite time period may require us to liquidate.
If we liquidate, our public stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share, and our warrants will expire worthless. This will also cause
you to lose any potential investment opportunity in a target company and the chance of realizing future gains on your investment through
any price appreciation in the combined company. 

57 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources,
and increase the time and costs of completing an initial business combination. 

We were required to evaluate
and report on our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company,
would we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control
over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target company with which we seek to complete our initial
business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls.
The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time
and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties 

We currently maintain our
principal executive offices at 11450 SE Dixie Hwy, Suite 105, Hobe Sound, FL 33455. The cost for this space is included in the 15,000
per-month aggregate fee an affiliate of our sponsor began charging us for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support,
commencing on August 12, 2021 pursuant to a letter agreement between us and such affiliate of our sponsor. We consider our current office
space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

There is no material litigation,
arbitration, governmental proceeding or any other legal proceeding currently pending or known to be contemplated against us or any members
of our management team in their capacity as such. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

58 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information 

Our equity securities trade
on the Nasdaq Capital Market. Our units began trading on August 13, 2021 on Nasdaq under the symbol JAQCU. Each unit consists
of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant, each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase
one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Commencing on October 1, 2021, the
Class A common stock and warrants comprising the units began separate trading on Nasdaq under the symbols JAQC and JAQCW, 
respectively. Those units not separated continue to trade on Nasdaq under the symbol JAQCU. 

Holders of Record 

On March 10, 2023,
there were 16 holders of record of our units, one holder of record of our Class A common stock, 22 holders of record of our Class B common
stock and one holder of record of our warrants. Such numbers do not include beneficial owners holding our securities through nominee names. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination.
The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general
financial conditions subsequent to completion of an initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to an initial
business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our
ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On July 7, 2020, we issued
an aggregate of 5,750,000 founder shares to our sponsor and our independent directors for an aggregate price of 25,000, or approximately
 0.004 per share, pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. On July 23, 2021, our
sponsor forfeited 1,437,500 founder shares, resulting in an aggregate of 4,312,500 founder shares outstanding. Our sponsor transferred
to certain of the underwriters of our initial public offering and certain of their employees an aggregate of 240,001 founder shares at
the original purchase price. On August 25, 2021, in connection with the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment
option and the forfeiture of the remaining portion of such over-allotment option, an aggregate of 372,038 founder shares were forfeited
to us at no cost, and 3,940,462 founder shares remain outstanding. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to
any such issuances. The founder shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business
combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. 

Simultaneously with the consummation
of our initial public offering, we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 580,000 private placement units to our sponsor
and certain of the underwriters of our initial public offering and certain of the underwriters employees at a price of 10.00 per
private placement unit, generating total gross proceeds of 5,800,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the partial exercise of the
over-allotment option, we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 15,237 additional private placement units to such purchasers
at 10.00 per additional private placement unit, generating total gross proceeds of 152,370. The issuances were made pursuant to the
exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with
respect to the private placements. 

The private placement units
are identical to the units sold in our initial public offering, except that if held by the initial purchasers or any of their permitted
transferees, the underlying warrants (i) may be exercised on a cashless basis, (ii) are not subject to redemption, except as described
in our final prospectus, and (iii) with respect to private placement units held by the underwriters or their employees, will not be exercisable
more than five years from the commencement of sales of our initial public offering in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(A). If the
private placement units are held by holders other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, then the warrants included
in the private placement units will be redeemable by us in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as
the warrants included in the units. In addition, the private placement units (and the securities underlying the private placement units)
will be subject to transfer restrictions until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, subject to certain limited
exceptions, and the holders thereof are entitled to certain registration rights. 

59 

Use of Proceeds from our Initial Public Offering 

On August 17, 2021, we consummated
our initial public offering of 15,000,000 units at 10.00 per unit, generating total gross proceeds of 150,000,000. Each unit consisted
of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant, each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase
one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The warrants will become exercisable
30 days after the consummation of our initial business combination, and will expire five years after the consummation of our initial business
combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

On August 23, 2021, the underwriters
of our initial public offering notified us of their exercise of the over-allotment option in part and concurrent forfeiture of the remaining
portion of such option. As such, on August 25, 2021, the underwriters purchased 761,850 additional units at 10.00 per additional unit
upon the closing of the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, generating total gross proceeds of 7,618,500. 

Nomura, Brookline Capital
Markets, a division of Arcadia Securities, LLC, and Ladenburg Thalmann Co. Inc. served as joint book-running managers of our initial
public offering. The securities sold in our initial public offering were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement
on Form S-1 (File No. 333-248411). The SEC declared the registration statement effective on August 12, 2021. 

Of the aggregate 15,761,850
units sold in our initial public offering, 13,365,000 units were purchased by our anchor investors. In connection with the closing of
our initial public offering, the anchor investors each acquired from our sponsor an indirect economic interest in 100,000 founder shares
(or an aggregate of 900,000 founder shares) at the original purchase price that our sponsor paid for the founder shares. Our sponsor has
agreed to distribute such founder shares to the anchor investors after the completion of our initial business combination. 

We incurred 9,292,595 in
initial public offering related costs, including 3,152,370 of underwriting fees, 5,516,648 of deferred underwriting fees and 623,577
of other offering costs. After deducting the underwriting fees (excluding the deferred portion of 5,516,648, which amount will be payable
upon consummation of our initial business combination, if consummated) and the offering expenses, the total net proceeds from our initial
public offering, including the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, and the private placements was 159,794,923, of which 157,618,500
was placed in the trust account. We repaid our sponsor 132,802 in satisfaction of outstanding loans at the closing of our initial public
offering. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our initial public offering as
described in our final prospectus. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements
and the notes related thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth
below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated
in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements and Risk Factor Summary, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated as a Delaware corporation on June 17, 2020, formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to as our initial business
combination. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash derived from the proceeds of our initial public offering,
including the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, and the private placements of the private placement units,
the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or
backstop agreements we may enter into), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners
of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. 

60 

We expect to continue to incur
significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete our initial business combination
will be successful. 

Recent Developments 

Nasdaq Notice 

On January 9, 2023, we received
the Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq indicating that we are not in compliance with the Annual Stockholders
Meeting Rule due to our failure to hold an annual meeting of stockholders within twelve months of the end of our fiscal year end. The
Notice is only a notification of deficiency, not of imminent delisting, and has no current effect on the listing or trading of our securities
on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The Notice stated that we had 45 calendar days, or until February 23, 2023, to submit a plan to regain compliance
with the Annual Stockholders Meeting Rule. On February 17, 2023, we submitted to Nasdaq a plan to regain compliance with the Annual Stockholders
Meeting Rule within the required timeframe. On March 7, 2023, Nasdaq accepted our plan and granted us an extension until June 29, 2023 to regain compliance with the Annual Stockholders
Meeting Rule. We expect to hold an annual meeting of stockholders by such date and to regain compliance with the Annual Stockholders Meeting
Rule, but there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in
any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from June 17, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2022 were organizational
activities and those necessary to prepare for our initial public offering, described below, and, subsequent to our initial public offering,
identifying a target company for our initial business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the
completion of our initial business combination, at the earliest. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable
securities held in the trust account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting
and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with searching for, and completing, an initial business
combination. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, we had a net income of 3,429,080, which consists of changes in fair value of warrant liability of 3,478,810, interest earned
on marketable securities held in the trust account of 2,073,341 and unrealized gain on marketable securities held in the Trust Account
of 60,412, offset by operating cost of 1,736,932 and a provision for income taxes of 446,551. 

For the year ended December
31, 2021, we had a net income of 1,017,840 which consists of changes in fair value of warrant liabilities of 2,272,103 and interest
earned on marketable securities held in the trust account of 32,313, offset by transaction cost associated with our initial public offering
of 524,859, unrealized loss on marketable securities held in the trust account of 3,332, and operating cost of 758,385. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Until the consummation of
our initial public offering, our only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of founder shares by our sponsor and our independent
directors and loans from our sponsor. 

On August 17, 2021, we consummated
our initial public offering of 15,000,000 units, at 10.00 per unit, generating total gross proceeds of 150,000,000. Simultaneously with
the closing of our initial public offering, we consummated the private placement of 580,000 private placement units at a price of 10.00
per private placement unit to our sponsor and certain of the underwriters of our initial public offering and certain of the underwriters 
employees, generating total gross proceeds of 5,800,000. 

On August 23, 2021, the underwriters
of our initial public offering notified us of their exercise of the over-allotment option in part and concurrent forfeiture of the remaining
portion of such option. As such, on August 25, 2021, the underwriters purchased 761,850 additional units at 10.00 per additional unit
upon the closing of the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, generating total gross proceeds of 7,618,500. Simultaneously with
the closing of the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, we consummated the private placement of 15,237 additional private placement
units at 10.00 per additional private placement unit to our sponsor and certain of the underwriters of our initial public offering and
certain of the underwriters employees, generating total gross proceeds of 152,370. 

Of the aggregate 15,761,850
units sold in our initial public offering, 13,365,000 units were purchased by our anchor investors. In connection with the closing of
our initial public offering, the anchor investors each acquired from our sponsor an indirect economic interest in 100,000 founder shares
(or an aggregate of 900,000 founder shares) at the original purchase price that our sponsor paid for the founder shares. Our sponsor has
agreed to distribute such founder shares to the anchor investors after the completion of our initial business combination. 

61 

Following our initial public
offering, including the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, and the private placements, a total of 157,618,500 was placed
in the trust account. We incurred 9,292,595 in initial public offering related costs, including 3,152,370 of underwriting fees, 5,516,648
of deferred underwriting fees and 623,577 of other offering costs. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 1,169,628. Net income of 3,429,080 was affected by interest earned on marketable securities
held in the trust account of 2,073,341, unrealized gain on marketable securities held in the trust account of 60,412 and change in fair
value of the warrant liability of 3,478,810. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 1,013,855 of cash for operating activities. 

For the year ended December
31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 858,929. Net income of 1,017,839 was affected by interest earned on marketable securities
held in the trust account of 32,313, unrealized loss on marketable securities held in the trust account of 3,332, changes in fair value
of warrant liabilities of 2,272,103, offering costs charged directly to operations of 19,659 and transaction costs associated with our
initial public offering of 524,859. Changes in operating assets and liabilities used 120,202 of cash for operating activities. 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had cash and marketable securities of 159,610,253 held in the trust account. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in
the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (less deferred underwriting commissions and
taxes payable), to complete our initial business combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part,
as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working
capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had cash of 324,188 held outside the trust account. We intend to use the funds held outside the trust account primarily to identify and
evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or
similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements
of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and to pay for directors and
officers liability insurance premiums. 

In order to fund working capital
deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor, an affiliate of our
sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our
initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we
may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the trust account
would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option
of the lender. The units would be identical to the private placement units. 

Nomura, an underwriter of
our initial public offering, has indicated its intent, if so requested by us, to use its commercially reasonable efforts to underwrite,
arrange and/or syndicate up to 400 million of additional financing for us in the form of equity or debt (or a combination thereof) in
connection with our initial business combination, subject to market conditions and on terms and conditions satisfactory in all respects
to Nomura in its sole judgment and determination. 

Going Concern 

As of December 31, 2022,
we had 324,188 in our operating bank account and working capital of 106,448 (after adding
back 40,050 in franchise tax payable as that liability, which is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying balance
sheet, is allowed to be settled using earnings from the trust account, 325,312 of franchises taxes paid out of operating cash
account not yet reimbursed from the trust account and 10,156 in prepaid income tax which is allowed to be settled using
earnings from the trust account) , which excludes 2,073,341 of interest earned on the trust account that is available to pay
franchise and income taxes payable. 

Until the consummation of
our initial business combination, we will be using the funds not held in the trust account for identifying and evaluating prospective
acquisition candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target
business to acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating our initial business combination. 

We may need to raise additional
capital through loans or additional investments from the Sponsor or our stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. Our officers
and directors, our sponsor, or their affiliates, may, but are not obligated to), loan us additional funds, from time to time or at any
time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet our working capital needs. Accordingly, we may not be
able to obtain such additional financing. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures
to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential
transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to us on commercially
acceptable terms, if at all. 

62 

In connection with our assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s FASB Accounting Standards
Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, 
management has determined that if we are unable to complete our initial business combination, or effect an extension, by August 17, 2023,
then we will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. 

In connection with our assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification Subtopic 205-40, Presentation of Financial
Statements Going Concern, we have until August 17, 2023 to consummate an initial business combination or seek an extension.
It is uncertain that we will be able to consummate an initial business combination or seek an extension by this time. If our initial business
combination is not consummated by this date and an extension has not been approved by our stockholders, there will be a mandatory liquidation
and subsequent dissolution of our company. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and the mandatory liquidation, should
an initial business combination not occur and an extension not be approved by our stockholders, and potential subsequent dissolution raise
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or
liabilities should we be required to liquidate after August 17, 2023. We intend to continue to search for and seek to complete our initial
business combination before the mandatory liquidation date. 

Moreover, we may need to obtain
additional financing either to complete our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number
of our public shares upon completion of our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt
in connection with such business combination. In addition, we intend to target businesses larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds
of our initial public offering and the private placements, and may as a result be required to seek additional financing to complete such
proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously
with the completion of our initial business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination because we do not have
sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In addition, following our initial
business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We did not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term
debt obligations, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations or other long-term liabilities, other than
an agreement to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a monthly fee of 15,000 for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative
support. We began incurring these fees on August 12, 2021 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion
of our initial business combination and our liquidation. 

The underwriters of our initial
public offering are entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per unit sold in our initial public offering, or 5,516,648 in the aggregate.
Subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement, the deferred fee (i) will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held
in the trust account solely in the event that we complete our initial business combination and (ii) will be waived by the underwriters
in the event that we do not complete our initial business combination. 

63 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of financial
statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S.
GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual
results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Warrant Liabilities 

We account for the warrants
issued in connection with our initial public offering in accordance with the guidance contained in Accounting Standards Codification ASC 815-40 under which the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment and must be recorded as liabilities. Accordingly, we classify
the warrants as liabilities at their fair value and adjust the warrants to fair value at each reporting period. This liability is subject
to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in our statements of operations. 

Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

We account for our Class A
common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 
Shares of Class A common stock subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value.
Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the
holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity.
At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. Our Class A common stock features certain redemption rights
that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, shares of Class A
common stock subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders 
equity section of our balance sheets. 

Net Income Per Common Share 

Net income per common share
is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. We apply
the two-class method in calculating net income per common share. Accretion associated with the redeemable shares of Class A common stock
is excluded from net income (loss) per common share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

In August 2020, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts
in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ), which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under
current U.S. GAAP. ASU 2020-06 removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity contracts to qualify for the derivative
scope exception, and it also simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. ASU 2020-06 is effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. We adopted
ASU 2020-06 effective as of January 15, 2021. The adoption of ASU 2020-06 did not have an impact on our financial statements. 

Management does not believe
that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our
financial statements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Our financial statements and
notes thereto begin on page F-1 of this report and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

64 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and
with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as
of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer has concluded that, as
of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fourth quarter
of the fiscal year covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and
regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with
U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

1. pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

2. provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of our management and directors, and 

3. provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use
or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set
forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework
(2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

This report does not include
an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth
company under the JOBS Act. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections 

Not applicable. 

65 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Our current directors and
executive officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 James N. Hauslein 
 
 63 
 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 James N. Clark 
 
 50 
 
 Vice Chairman 
 
 Gaurav Burman 
 
 51 
 
 President and Director 
 
 Jonathan Leong 
 
 46 
 
 Executive Vice President of Strategy and M A 
 
 Robert A. Knox 
 
 71 
 
 Director 
 
 George L. Pita 
 
 61 
 
 Director 
 
 John D. White, Jr. 
 
 64 
 
 Director 

James N. Hauslein has
served as our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer since our inception. Mr. Hauslein has served as the President
and Managing Director of Hauslein Company, Inc., a private investment firm, since 1991. In February 2015, Mr. Hauslein led the recapitalization/acquisition
of Big Time Products LLC Big Time ), a leading supplier of workplace hand protection and related products into consumer
DYI/Pro retail stores, with Big Time s co-founders and three institutional investors. Mr. Hauslein served as Big Time s Executive
Chairman from February 2015 to September 2018 and Chief Executive Officer from November 2017 to September 2018. Under Mr. Hauslein s
leadership, Big Time completed its first add-on acquisition in August 2015 and its second add-on acquisition in May 2016. In October 2018,
Big Time was sold to the Hillman Group (a portfolio company of CCMP). In 1991, Mr. Hauslein led the buyout of Sunglass Hut International,
Inc. (formerly NASDAQ: RAYS) Sunglass Hut ). Mr. Hauslein served as Chairman of Sunglass Hut from 1991 to 2001 and served
as Chief Executive Officer from May 1997 to January 1998 and January 2001 to April 2001. During Mr. Hauslein s involvement with
Sunglass Hut, the company increased its revenue through organic growth and acquisitions from approximately 37 million in 1987 to approximately
 680 million in fiscal 2000 prior to its sale to Luxottica Group SpA (Milan and formerly NYSE: LUX). While at Sunglass Hut, Mr. Hauslein
presided over numerous add-on acquisitions in the United States and Australia as well as organic growth in North America, the Caribbean,
and Europe and a joint venture in Singapore. At the time of Luxottica Group s acquisition, Sunglass Hut operated approximately 2,000
company-owned Sunglass Hut, Watch Station, Watch World, and combination stores in the United States, Canada, the Caribbean, Europe, Asia,
Australia and New Zealand. Mr. Hauslein was the primary sponsor and Chief Executive Officer of Atlas Acquisition Holdings Corp., a 200
million SPAC that completed its initial public offering in 2008. Mr. Hauslein has also served on the board of directors of Freedom Acquisition
Holdings (formerly AMEX: FRH), a 528 million general purpose blank check company that initially completed a business combination with
GLG Partners, Inc. (formerly NYSE: GLG) GLG Partners in a transaction valued at approximately 3.4 billion, GLG Partners,
a 25 billion in asset alternative asset manager sold to the Mann Group in October 2010, Liberty Acquisition Holdings Corp. (formerly
NYSE AMEX: LIA), a 1 billion SPAC that merged with Grupo Prisa in an 8 billion merger completed in November 2010, Elephant Capital LLC,
a publicly traded private equity investment firm headquartered in Delhi, India, and Easterly Acquisition Corporation, a 200 million SPAC.
From January 2021 to July 2022, Mr. Hauslein served as a director of Brookline Capital Acquisition Corp., a 57.5 million SPAC focused
on the life sciences industry that competed its initial public offering in February 2021 and its business combination with Apexigen, Inc.
in July 2022. Mr. Hauslein is currently a member of the board of directors of the Aircraft Owners Pilots Association and the American
Swiss Foundation, and was formerly a Trustee of the Pine School and a director of The Jamestown Foundation. Mr. Hauslein received a Master
of Business Administration from Cornell University s Johnson Graduate School of Management in 1984 and a Bachelor of Science in
Chemical Engineering from Cornell University in 1981. He was previously a member of each of the Advisory Council of Cornell s Entrepreneurship
and Personal Enterprise program, The Johnson Graduate School of Management, the Athletics Advisory Council and the Engineering College
Advisory Council. 

James N. Clarke has
served as our Vice Chairman since August 2021. He has over 25 years of entrepreneurship, operating and investing experience and is the
CEO of Clarke Capital, a private investment firm he founded in 2011. Mr. Clarke founded CLEARLINK in 2001, which became a pioneer in online
retail as a channel partner for brands like AT T, Comcast, DirectTV and ADT. Mr. Clarke sold CLEARLINK in 2011 to Pamlico Capital,
and today it is a Sykes (NASDAQ:SYKE) portfolio company. In 2011, Mr. Clarke was an early lead investor in PetIQ serving as Chairman of
the Board until May 2016 and as Board Member and Chair of the Nomination and Governance Committee until December 31, 2020, when he completed
his Board Service. Under Mr. Clarke s leadership, PetIQ grew to revenues of 709.4 million in 2019 and the company s market
capitalization has grown to 1 billion as of February 2021. Mr. Clarke is also the Chairman of Brandless and Governor appointed Vice Chair
of the Board of Trustees at Utah Valley University, Utah s largest university. Mr. Clarke earned an AA in Business from Brigham
Young University Idaho in 1996, completed the Harvard Business School Owner/President Management (OPM) program in 2007 and earned a Master
of Science Degree in Major Program Management from the University of Oxford in 2012. 

66 

Gaurav Burman has served
as our President and one of our directors since August 2021. He has over 25 years of private equity and operational experience, with a
considerable focus on the consumer, media, healthcare and financial services industries. Mr. Burman is a fifth-generation member of the
family that founded Dabur India Ltd. Dabur 130 years ago. Dabur is one of the largest branded consumer goods companies
in India with approximately US 2 billion in revenue and over US 12 billion in market capitalization. The Burman family continues to own
approximately 70 of Dabur. Mr. Burman sits on the Board of Dabur International Ltd., the holding company for Dabur s international
business activities, and manages Burman Family Holdings, a private investment firm, which has invested over 500 million in the last 20
years and includes joint ventures with leading Fortune 100 companies globally such as Aviva Life Insurance, Experian and Yum Brands. Mr.
Burman was President of Atlas Acquisition Holdings Corp., a 200 million SPAC that completed its initial public offering in 2008, and
founded Elephant Capital in 2006, a US 100 million AIM, London Stock Exchange listed fund focused on investing in growth companies in
India. Mr. Burman was a member of Dresdner s Global Private Equity Group in London and New York from 1997 to 2006 and began his
career in the Business Development Group of Dabur from 1993 to 1997. Mr. Burman is a board member of DMI Finance Pvt. Ltd., Experian India,
Healthcare at Home India, Burman Hospitality and M3 India, serves on the International Board of Tufts University, the Board of the Peggy
Guggenheim Collection in Venice, Italy, and the Advisory Board of Sesame Street India, and is also a member of the Young Presidents Organisation.
Mr. Burman received a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Economics and History from Tufts University in 1993. 

Jonathan Leong has
served as our Executive Vice President of Strategy and M A since August 2021. He has 20 years of Investment Banking experience in
the Consumer Retail industries. Mr. Leong was a Managing Director and Co-Head of the Food Investment Banking Group at Nomura from
2017 to 2020. Prior to Nomura, Mr. Leong was a Managing Director in the Consumer Investment Banking Group at Jefferies LLC from 2014 to
2016, and prior to that was a Principal in the Consumer Retail Investment Banking Group at Bank of America Merrill Lynch (and its
predecessor firm, Banc of America Securities LLC) from 2001 to 2014 in New York and London. He received his Bachelor of Arts in French
and Business Studies from the University of Sheffield in 2000. 

Robert A. Knox has
served as one of our directors since August 2021. Mr. Knox is the Senior Managing Director of Cornerstone Equity Investors, L.L.C. Cornerstone ),
a private equity firm which he founded in 1984. The investment principals of Cornerstone have funded over 120 companies through middle
market buyouts and expansion financings since 1984, including Dell Computer, Health Management Associates, Linear Technology, Micron Technology,
Centurion, Team Health Corporation, Comdata and Sunglass Hut. Cornerstone manages the capital of its founding general partners and does
not manage institutional investments. Prior to the formation of Cornerstone, Mr. Knox was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Prudential
Equity Investors, Inc., the private equity subsidiary of Prudential Financial, where he designed and executed the initial Alternative
Asset investment strategy at Prudential. During his investment career, Mr. Knox has served on the boards of more than 25 private and public
companies, including as the lead independent director and chair of the compensation committee of Health Management Associates, Inc. (NYSE:
HMA) prior to its acquisition by Community Health Systems. Mr. Knox has also been a trustee of Boston University for 20 years, serving
as the Chairman of the Board of Trustees from 2008 to 2016. Mr. Knox received a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Boston University in
1974, a Master of Business Administration from Boston University in 1975 and an Honorary Degree from Boston University in 2017. 

George L. Pita 
has served as one of our directors since August 2021. From February 2013 until March 2023, Mr. Pita served as the Executive Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer of MasTec, Inc. (NYSE: MTZ), an energy and telecommunications infrastructure construction
company. During this tenure, MasTec annual revenue grew from approximately 4 billion in 2013 to approximately 9.8 billion in 2022.
Mr. Pita previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Stuart Weitzman Holdings, LLC from 2007 to
2013, where he played a key management role during the 550 million sale of the company to Jones Group (formerly NYSE: JAG) in 2010.
From April 2002 to June 2007, Mr. Pita served in various positions at Perry Ellis International (formerly NASDAQ: PERY), a leading
apparel company, including as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2004 to 2007. From 1989 to 2002, Mr. Pita
served in a variety of financial and operating positions, including Chief Financial Officer, at Sunglass Hut (formerly NASDAQ:
RAYS), where he played a key role in the 650 million sale of the company to the Luxottica Group SpA (Milan and formerly NYSE: LUX)
in 2001. Mr. Pita began his career in the audit division of Arthur Andersen, LLP, and was a certified public accountant for over 30
years. Since July 2021, Mr. Pita has served as a director and member of the audit and reserves committees of Ovintiv Inc. (NYSE:
OVV), becoming audit committee chair in May 2022. He is also a member of the advisory board for the Miami Business School of
Accounting and serves as a board member of various non-profit entities including Goodwill Industries of South Florida and Easter
Seals of South Florida. From January 2008 through February 2010, Mr. Pita served as a special advisor to Atlas Acquisition Holdings
Corp. (formerly AMEX: AXG), a 200 million SPAC that completed its initial public offering in 2008. Mr. Pita received a Bachelor of
Business Administration from the University of Miami in 1983. 

John D. White, Jr. 
has served as one of our directors since August 2021. Mr. White is
currently Managing Member of Founders Equity, Inc. Founders ), and its affiliates, a private equity firm focusing on lower
middle market investments. He has over 30 years of investment and operating experience. Since 1994, Mr. White has been a partner at Founders
where he has led a number of investments through its investment funds and on a direct basis. At Founders, Mr. White has led the investment
activities, has served and currently serves on the boards of a number of Founders portfolio companies, and has led all investment
activities in healthcare and information tech-enabled services. Since September 2022, Mr. White has also joined MB Global Partners, a
New York-based private equity firm focused on investing in special situations and opportunistic credit markets, as Managing Principal.
Mr. White received his MBA from The Wharton School in 1987, Masters in Taxation from Bentley College in 1985 and Bachelor of Science in
Accounting and Finance from Babson College in 1980. 

67 

Special Advisors 

We currently expect our special
advisors, to (i) assist us in sourcing and negotiating with potential business combination targets, (ii) provide business insights
when we assess potential business combination targets and (iii) upon our request, provide business insights as we work to create
additional value in the business or businesses that we acquire. In this regard, our special advisors will fulfil some of the same functions
as our board members; however, they will not owe any fiduciary obligations to us nor will they perform board or committee functions or
have any voting or decision-making capacity on our behalf. They will also not be required to devote any specific amount of time to
our efforts. None of our special advisors have any employment, consulting fee or other similar compensation arrangements with us. 

James Harrison , one
of our special advisors, has over 25 years of experience operating and investing in several Consumer, Technology, Financial and Healthcare
businesses, and is a Partner and Managing Director of Clarke Capital. Mr. Harrison is currently a Director of Brandless, PX.com,
Curza and Pet Assistant. From 2014 to 2018, Mr. Harrison was the CEO of Contour. Mr. Harrison is from the UK and before moving
to the United States in 2011 was the founder and CEO of Insurancewide.com, the first insurance comparison website in the UK which he founded
in 1999 after the successful exit from Safeonline.com, an online security company he founded in 1997. Mr. Harrison earned a Bachelor
of Arts in Politics and Spanish from the University of Bristol in 1994 and completed the Harvard Business School Owner/President Program
(OPM) in 2007. 

Paul Smucker Wagstaff ,
one of our special advisors, has over 25 years of operating experience as a senior executive in the Food industry. Mr. Wagstaff is
a fourth-generation member of the Smucker family that founded the food company, The J.M. Smucker Co. (NYSE: SJM) Smucker ).
From 1996 to 2015, Mr. Wagstaff held increasingly senior roles at Smucker including Board Member and President of U.S. Retail Consumer
Foods, a division with over 2 billion in revenue. From 2015 to 2018, Mr. Wagstaff was the CEO of Eagle Foods, which he founded
in partnership with Kelso Company. Eagle Foods was a platform company that successfully carved-out the Eagle brand from Smucker
and completed two add-ons acquisitions of Cornfield s Inc. and Popcorn Indiana. Since 2018, Mr. Wagstaff has been the
Co-Founder of Embassy Park, a private investment and advisory firm in the Consumer sector. Mr. Wagstaff is a Board Member of
leading Canadian dairy cooperative, Agropur, pet food contract manufacturing business, Alphia, and Pepperdine University s Graziadio
Business School. Mr. Wagstaff earned a Bachelor of Science in International Relations from the College of Wooster in 1992 and a Master s
of International Business from Pepperdine University in 1994. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and
Directors 

Our board of directors consists
of five directors and is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except
for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq
corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following
our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Mr. White, will expire at our first annual meeting
of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Knox and Pita, will expire at the second annual
meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Hauslein and Burman, will expire at
the third annual meeting of stockholders. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we consummate our initial business
combination. Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on our board of directors may be filled by a nominee
chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. 

Our officers are appointed
by our board of directors and serve at the discretion of our board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of
directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our
officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Vice Presidents, Secretary,
Treasurer, Assistant Secretaries and such other offices as may be determined by our board of directors. 

68 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has
three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Each of our
audit committee, compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance committee is composed solely of independent directors. 

Audit Committee 

Our audit committee consists
of Messrs. Pita (chair), Knox and White, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s listing standards and applicable
SEC rules. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate, and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Pita qualifies
as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules because he meets the requirement for past
employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting or comparable experience. The audit
committee s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: 

assisting
board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) the
independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications and independence and (4) the performance of our internal audit function
and the independent registered public accounting firm; 

the
appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged
by us; 

pre-approving
all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing
pre-approval policies and procedures; 

setting
clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited
to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; 

setting
clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining
and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered
public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control
review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the
preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues and
(iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the independent registered public
accounting firm s independence; 

meeting
to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent
registered public accounting firm, including reviewing our specific disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

reviewing
and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior
to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing
with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or
compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports
that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards
or rules promulgated by the FASB, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

69 

Compensation Committee 

Our compensation committee
consists of Messrs. White (chair), Knox and Pita, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s listing standards and applicable
SEC rules. The compensation committee s duties, which are specified in our Compensation Committee Charter, include, but are not
limited to: 

reviewing
and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation,
if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining
and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
and making recommendations on an annual basis to our board of directors with respect to (or approving, if such authority is so delegated
by our board of directors) the compensation, if any is paid by us, and any incentive-compensation and equity-based plans that
are subject to board approval, of our other officers; 

reviewing
on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation and the payment to an affiliate of our sponsor
an aggregate of 15,000 per month, for up to 24 months, for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support and reimbursement
of expenses, and in connection with potentially providing financing or other investments in connection with our initial business combination,
no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our sponsor, officers, directors
or special advisors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation
of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation
committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection
with such initial business combination. 

Our Compensation Committee
Charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such
adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the
compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee

Our nominating and corporate
governance committee consists of Messrs. Knox (chair), Pita and White, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s listing
standards. The nominating and corporate governance committee s duties, which are specified in our Nominating and Corporate Governance
Charter, include, but are not limited to: 

identifying,
screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors and recommending to our board of directors candidates for nomination
for election at the annual meeting of stockholders or to fill vacancies on our board of directors; 

developing
and recommending to our board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; 

coordinating
and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of our board of directors, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance
of the company; and 

reviewing
on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. 

70 

The Nominating and Corporate
Governance Charter also provides that the nominating and corporate governance committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain
the advice of, and terminate, any search firm to be used to identify director candidates, and will be directly responsible for approving
the search firm s fees and other retention terms. 

Director Nominations 

Our nominating and corporate
governance committee will recommend to our board of directors candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of the stockholders.
We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, our board of directors considers educational background, diversity of
professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent
the best interests of our stockholders. 

Code of Ethics and Committee Charters 

We have adopted a Code of
Ethics applicable to all of our directors, officers and employees (if any). We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics, Audit Committee
Charter, Compensation Committee Charter and our Nominating and Corporate Governance Charter as exhibits to our registration statement
on Form S-1 (File No. 333-248411), which exhibits are incorporated by reference as exhibits to this report. You may review these documents
by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of our Code of Ethics will be provided
without charge upon request to us in writing at 11450 SE Dixie Hwy, Suite 105, Hobe Sound, FL 33455 or by telephone at (212) 207-8884.
We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a current report on Form 8-K. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

None of our officers has received
any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on August 12, 2021, we are obligated to pay an affiliate of our sponsor
an aggregate of 15,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial
business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. In no event will our sponsor or any of our existing
officers, directors or special advisors, or any of their respective affiliates, be paid any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting
fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation by the company prior to, or in connection with any services rendered
for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction
that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our
behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. We do not have
a policy that prohibits our sponsor, officers, directors or special advisors, or any of their respective affiliates, from negotiating
for the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses by a target business. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that
were made to our sponsor, officers, directors, special advisors or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business
combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such payments, we
do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and officers for their out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. 

After the completion of our
initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees
from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials
or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed initial business combination. We have not
established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It
is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination, because the directors
of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to
our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted
solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We do not intend to take any
action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination,
although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with
us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions
with us may influence our management team s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that
the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor
in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors
that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

71 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth
information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 10, 2023, by: 

each
person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each of our executive officers and directors; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Unless otherwise indicated,
we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially
owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of our warrants, including the private warrants, as
such securities are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this report. 

We have based our calculation
of the percentage of beneficial ownership on 20,297,549 shares of common stock outstanding on March 10, 2023, consisting of
16,357,087 shares of Class A common stock and 3,940,462 shares of Class B common stock. 

Class A Common Stock 

Class B Common Stock 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 

Approximate 
 Percentage 
 of Class 

Number of 
 Shares 
 Beneficially 
 Owned (2) 

Approximate 
 Percentage 
 of Class 

Approximate 
 Percentage of 
 Outstanding 
 Common Stock 

Jupiter Founders LLC (3) 

432,575 

2.6 

3,678,841 

93.4 

20.3 

James N. Hauslein (3) 

432,575 

2.6 

3,678,841 

93.4 

20.3 

James N. Clarke 

Gaurav Burman 

Jonathan Leong 

Robert A. Knox 

21,016 

George L. Pita 

21,016 

John D. White, Jr. 

21,016 

All directors and executive officers as a group (seven individuals) 

432,575 

2.6 

3,741,889 

95.0 

20.6 

Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P. (4) 

1,398,700 

8.6 

6.9 

Atalaya Capital Management LP (5) 

1,206,860 

7.4 

5.9 

Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (6) 

1,185,000 

7.2 

5.8 

D. E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C. (7) 

1,135,000 

6.9 

5.6 

Wealthspring Capital LLC (8) 

1,121,536 

6.9 

5.5 

Fir Tree Capital Management LP (9) 

1,016,276 

6.2 

5.0 

Centiva Capital, LP (10) 

984,704 

6.0 

4.9 

CaaS Capital Management LP (11) 

942,550 

5.8 

4.6 

Less than one percent. 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the persons and entities is 11450 SE Dixie Hwy, Suite 105, Hobe Sound, FL 33455. 

(2) 
 Interests shown include founder shares, classified as shares of Class B common stock. Such shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. 

72 

(3) 
 Represents shares held by our sponsor directly and indirectly through its subsidiary, Jupiter Founders Subsidiary LLC (the Sponsor Subsidiary ), as managing member of the Sponsor Subsidiary. Mr. Hauslein is the manager of our sponsor, and as such, has voting and investment discretion with respect the securities beneficially owned by our sponsor and may be deemed to beneficially own all of the reported shares. Mr. Hauslein disclaims beneficial ownership of any securities held by our sponsor or the Sponsor Subsidiary except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. Our sponsor also disclaims beneficial ownership of the securities held by the Sponsor Subsidiary except to the extent of its pecuniary interest therein. 

(4) 
 According to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022, on behalf of Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P. RCM ), RGC Management Company, LLC RGC ), Steven B. Katznelson, Christopher Hinkel, Radcliffe SPAC Master Fund, L.P. RSMF and Radcliffe SPAC GP, LLC RSG ). RCM is the relevant entity for which RGC, Mr. Katznelson and Mr. Hinkel may be considered control persons. RSMF is the relevant entity for which RSG, Mr. Katznelson and Mr. Hinkel may be considered control persons. The business address of this stockholder is 50 Monument Road, Suite 300, Bala Cynwyd, PA 19004. 

(5) 
 According to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on December 14, 2021, on behalf of Atalaya Special Purpose Investment Fund II LP ASPIF II ACM ASOF VII (Cayman) Holdco LP ASOF ACM Alameda Special Purpose Investment Fund II LP Alameda ACM Alamosa (Cayman) Holdco LP Alamosa Atalaya Capital Management LP ACM Corbin ERISA Opportunity Fund, Ltd. CEOF Corbin Capital Partners GP, LLC Corbin GP Corbin Capital Partners Group, LLC; and Corbin Capital Partners, L.P. CCP ). The shares are directly held by ASPIF II, ASOF, Alameda, Alamosa and CEOF (the Direct Holders ). As ASPIF II, ASOF, Alameda and Alamosa s investment manager, ACM has the power to vote and direct the disposition of all shares held by ASPIF II, ASOF, Alameda and Alamosa. As CEOF s investment manager, CCP has the power to vote and direct the disposition of all shares held by CEOF. CEOF, Corbin GP and CCP disclaim beneficial ownership over the shares held directly by ASPIF II, ASOF, Alameda and Alamosa. ASPIF II, ASOF, Alameda, Alamosa and ACM disclaim beneficial ownership over the shares held directly by CEOF. The business address of this stockholder is One Rockefeller Plaza, 32nd Floor, New York, NY 10020. 

(6) 
 
 According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC
 on February 9, 2022, on behalf of Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. Polar ). Polar serves as the investment advisor to
 Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund PMSMF with respect to the reported shares directly held by PMSMF. The business address
 of this stockholder is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. 

(7) 
 According to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023, on behalf of D. E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C., D. E. Shaw Co., L.L.C., D. E. Shaw Co., L.P. and David E. Shaw. The reported shares are held directly by D. E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C. By virtue of Mr. Shaw s position as President and sole shareholder of D. E. Shaw Co., Inc., which is the general partner of D. E. Shaw Co., L.P., which in turn is the investment adviser of D. E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C., and by virtue of Mr. Shaw s position as President and sole shareholder of D. E. Shaw Co. II, Inc., which is the managing member of D. E. Shaw Co., L.L.C., which in turn is the manager of D. E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C., Mr. Shaw may be deemed to have the shared power to vote or direct the vote of, and the shared power to dispose or direct the disposition of, the reported shares and, therefore, Mr. Shaw may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of such shares. Mr. Shaw disclaims beneficial ownership of such shares. The business address of this stockholder is 1166 Avenue of the Americas, 9th Floor, New York, NY 10036. 

(8) 
 According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 1, 2023, on behalf of Wealthspring Capital LLC Wealthspring ), Matthew Simpson and David Gallers. Each of Messrs. Simpson and Gallers is a manager of Wealthspring. The Schedule 13G provides that such filing shall not be construed as an admission that any of such reporting persons is the beneficial owner of any of the reported shares other than those shares actually owned by such person (if any). The business address of this stockholder is 2 Westchester Park Drive, Suite 108, West Harrison, NY 10604. 

(9) 
 According to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023, on behalf of Fir Tree Capital Management LP. The business address of this stockholder is 500 5th Avenue, 9th Floor, New York, New York 10110. 

(10) 
 According to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 6, 2023, on behalf of Centiva Capital, LP Centiva LP ), the investment manager of certain affiliated funds (the Centiva Capital Funds ), and Centiva Capital GP, LLC, the general partner of Centiva LP and the Centiva Capital Funds, with respect to the reported shares held by the Centiva Capital Funds. The Schedule 13G provides that such filing should not be construed as an admission that any of such reporting persons is, for purposes of Section 13 of the Exchange Act, the beneficial owner of such reported shares. The business address of this stockholder is 55 Hudson Yards, Suite 22A, New York, NY 10001. 

(11) 
 According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 9, 2023, on behalf of CaaS Capital Management LP CaaS LP ), CaaS Capital Management GP LLC CaaS GP and Siufu Fu. CaaS GP, as the general partner of CaaS LP, and Siufu Fu, as the Managing Member of CaaS GP, may each be deemed to have beneficially owned the reported shares beneficially owned by CaaS LP. The business address of this stockholder is 800 Third Avenue, 26th Floor, New York, NY 10022. 

73 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence 

On July 7, 2020, we issued
an aggregate of 5,750,000 founder shares to our sponsor and our independent directors for an aggregate price of 25,000, or approximately
 0.004 per share. On July 23, 2021, our sponsor forfeited 1,437,500 founder shares, resulting in an aggregate of 4,312,500 founder shares
outstanding. Our sponsor transferred to certain of the underwriters of our initial public offering and certain of their employees an aggregate
of 240,001 founder shares at the original purchase price. On August 25, 2021, in connection with the underwriters election to partially
exercise their over-allotment option and the forfeiture of the remaining portion of such over-allotment option, an aggregate of 372,038
founder shares were forfeited to us at no cost, and 3,940,462 founder shares remain outstanding. The founder shares will automatically
convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on
a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. 

Subject to certain limited
exceptions, our initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier to occur
of: (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if
the last reported sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar
transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or
other property. 

Simultaneously with the consummation
of our initial public offering, we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 580,000 private placement units to our sponsor
and certain of the underwriters of our initial public offering and certain of the underwriters employees at a price of 10.00 per
private placement unit, generating total gross proceeds of 5,800,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the partial exercise of the
over-allotment option, we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 15,237 additional private placement units to such purchasers
at 10.00 per additional private placement unit, generating total gross proceeds of 152,370. The private placement units are identical
to the units sold in our initial public offering, except that if held by the initial purchasers or any of their permitted transferees,
the underlying warrants (i) may be exercised on a cashless basis, (ii) are not subject to redemption, except as described in our final
prospectus, and (iii) with respect to private placement units held by the underwriters or their employees, will not be exercisable more
than five years from the commencement of sales of our initial public offering in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(A). If the private
placement units are held by holders other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, then the warrants included in the
private placement units will be redeemable by us in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants
included in the units. In addition, the private placement units (and the securities underlying the private placement units) will be subject
to transfer restrictions until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. 

Nomura has indicated its intent,
if so requested by us, to use its commercially reasonable efforts to underwrite, arrange and/or syndicate up to 400 million of additional
financing for us in the form of equity or debt (or a combination thereof) in connection with our initial business combination, subject
to market conditions and on terms and conditions satisfactory in all respects to Nomura in its sole judgment and determination. The additional
financing arrangement is not anticipated to have any impact on the redemption price of the Class A common stock, the conversion ratio
of Class B common stock to Class A common stock or the exercise of the warrants. 

If any of our officers or
directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he
or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to
present such business combination opportunity to such other entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary
duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

Commencing on August 12, 2021,
we are obligated to pay an affiliate of our sponsor an aggregate of 15,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and
administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

Other than the foregoing,
no compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a
loan, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or special advisors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or
in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless of the
type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors, special advisors or
our or their affiliates and determines which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on
the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

74 

Our sponsor loaned us an aggregate
of 132,802 in connection with the expenses of our initial public offering, pursuant to the terms of a promissory note. We fully repaid
the loans from our sponsor on August 17, 2021. 

In addition, in order to finance
transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of
our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination,
we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working
capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the trust account would be used for such repayment.
Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units at a price of 10.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The units would
be identical to the private placement units. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and
no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate
of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to
seek access to funds in the trust account. 

After our initial business
combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company
with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation
materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution
of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable,
as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 

The holders of the founder
shares, private placement units, private shares, private warrants and units that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans
and the shares and warrants included therein (and any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the private warrants
and warrants included in the units that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and upon conversion of the founder shares)
are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into on August 12, 2021, requiring us to register
such securities for resale (in the case of the founder shares, only after conversion to our Class A common stock). The holders of the
majority of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities.
In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent
to our completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule
415 under the Securities Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the underwriters of our initial public offering may not exercise their demand
and piggy-back registration rights after August 12, 2026 and August 12, 2028, respectively, and may not exercise their demand
rights on more than one occasion. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Related Party Policy 

Our Code of Ethics requires
us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors
(or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our Code of Ethics, conflict of
interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness)
involving the company. 

In addition, our audit committee,
pursuant to our Audit Committee Charter, is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter
into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum
is present will be required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee will
constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee will be required to
approve a related party transaction. We also require each of our directors and officers to complete a directors and officers 
questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

These procedures are intended
to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the
part of a director, employee or officer. 

75 

To further minimize conflicts
of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor,
officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from independent investment banking
firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from
a financial point of view. Furthermore, no finder s fees, reimbursements, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a
loan or other compensation will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or special advisors, or any of their respective affiliates,
for services rendered to us prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial
business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is), other than the following payments, none of which have been or
will be made from the proceeds of our initial public offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business
combination: 

repayment
of 132,802 in loans made to us by our sponsor to cover offering-related and organizational expenses; 

payment
to an affiliate of our sponsor an aggregate of 15,000 per month, for up to 24 months, for office space, utilities and secretarial and
administrative support; 

reimbursement
for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; and 

repayment
of loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction
costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements
been executed with respect thereto. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the
option of the lender. 

Our audit committee reviews
on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors, special advisors or our or their affiliates. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require
that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other
than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the
company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities
of a director. Our board of directors has determined that each of Messrs. Knox, Pita and White are independent directors 
as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which
only independent directors are present. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

Marcum LLP Marcum acts as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum for services
rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit fees
consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally
provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional services rendered for the
audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the respective
periods and other required filings with the SEC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 105,780 and 106,735, respectively.
The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related Fees .
Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit
or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that
are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum
for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Tax Fees . The aggregate
fees billed by Marcum for professional services rendered for tax planning and tax advice for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
totaled 10,000 and 9,270, respectively. 

All Other Fees . We did
not pay Marcum for other services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed
in connection with the effectiveness of our registration statement for our initial public offering. As a result, our audit committee
did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were
approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has
and will pre-approve all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and
terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by
the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

76 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

The following documents are
filed as part of this report: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB number 688) 
 F-2 
 
 Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 to F-21 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

None. 

(3) 
 Exhibits: Exhibits not incorporated by reference to a prior filing are designated by an asterisk ) and are filed herewith; all exhibits not so designated are incorporated by reference to a prior SEC filing as indicated. 

77 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 (1) 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated August 12, 2021, between the Company and Nomura Securities International, Inc. 
 
 3.1 (2) 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 3.2 (3) 
 
 Bylaws 
 
 4.1 (3) 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate 
 
 4.2 (3) 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate 
 
 4.3 (4) 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate 
 
 4.4 (1) 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated August 12, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company 
 
 4.5 (5) 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10.1 (3) 
 
 Founder Shares Subscription Agreement, dated July 7, 2020, between the Company and Jupiter Founders LLC 
 
 10.2 (3) 
 
 Founder Shares Subscription Agreement, dated July 7, 2020, between the Company and Robert A. Knox 
 
 10.3 (3) 
 
 Founder Shares Subscription Agreement, dated July 7, 2020, between the Company and George L. Pita 
 
 10.4 (6) 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Promissory Note issued in favor of Jupiter Founders LLC, dated June 30, 2021 
 
 10.5 (1) 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated August 12, 2021, among the Company, Jupiter Founders LLC, Nomura Securities International, Inc., Ladenburg Thalmann Co. Inc., certain securityholders and each of the officers and directors of the Company 
 
 10.6 (1) 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated August 12, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company 
 
 10.7 (1) 
 
 Private Placement Unit Subscription Agreement, dated August 12, 2021, between the Company and Jupiter Founders LLC 
 
 10.8 (1) 
 
 Private Placement Unit Subscription Agreement, dated August 12, 2021, among the Company, Nomura Securities International, Inc., Ladenburg Thalmann Co. Inc. and certain subscribers 
 
 10.9 (1) 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 12, 2021, among the Company and certain securityholders 
 
 10.10 (1) 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated August 12, 2021, between the Company and Hauslein Company, Inc. 
 
 10.11 (3) 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement 
 
 14 (4) 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 24 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 99.1 (4) 
 
 Audit Committee Charter 
 
 99.2 (4) 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter 
 
 99.3 (4) 
 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

(1) Incorporated
by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39505), filed with the SEC on August 18, 2021. 

(2) Incorporated
by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-248411), filed with the SEC on February
19, 2021. 

(3) Incorporated
by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-248411), filed with the SEC on August
25, 2020. 

(4) Incorporated
by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-248411), filed with the SEC on September
3, 2020. 

(5) Incorporated
by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-39505), filed with the SEC on April 1, 2022. 

(6) Incorporated
by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-248411), filed with the SEC on July
26, 2021. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not applicable. 

78 

JUPITER ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB number F-2 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 to F-21 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

Jupiter Acquisition Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Jupiter Acquisition
Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders 
deficit and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to
as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years
in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial
statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements,
the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company s cash and working capital
as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities. The Company is subject to a mandatory liquidation and subsequent
dissolution requirement if it does not complete a business combination by August 17, 2023. These conditions raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in
Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in
accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

/s/ 

Marcum LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2020 . 

March 10, 2023 

F- 2 

JUPITER ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Income Tax Receivable 

Total current assets 

Non-current prepaid insurance 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Total current liabilities 

Warrant liabilities 

Deferred tax liability 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption; shares at redemption value at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding 15,761,850 and no shares subject to possible redemption) at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 3 

JUPITER ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Operating costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Transaction costs associated with the Initial Public Offering 

Total other income, net 

Income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A common stock 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B common stock 

Basic net income per share, Class B 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B common stock 

Diluted net income per share, Class B 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

JUPITER ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance January 1, 2021 

Sale of Private Placement Units 

Forfeiture of Founder Shares 

Accretion to shares subject to redemption 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Accretion to shares subject to redemption 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

JUPITER ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Offering costs charged directly to operations 

Transaction costs associated with the Initial Public Offering 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Prepaid income taxes 

Non-current prepaid insurance 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred tax liability 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash into Trust Account 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discount paid 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Units 

Advances from related party 

Repayment of promissory note related party 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of period 

Cash End of period 

Supplementary
cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Non-Cash investing and financing activities: 

Excess payment of filing fees charged directly to operations 

Accretion of Class A common stock to redemption value 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 6 

JUPITER ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of Class A common stock included in the Units sold,
the Public Shares at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of which is described in Note 3. 

units (the Private Placement Units at a price of per
Private Placement Unit in a private placement to Jupiter Founders LLC (the Sponsor and certain of the underwriters and
certain of the underwriters employees, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

additional Units at per additional Unit upon the closing of the
partial exercise of the over-allotment option, generating gross proceeds of . Simultaneously with the sale of the additional
Units, the Company consummated the sale of an additional Private Placement Units at per additional Private Placement Unit,
generating total gross proceeds of . 

, consisting
of of underwriting fees, net of reimbursement, of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs. 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the Private Placement Units was placed in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s Public Stockholders
(as defined below) (the Trust Account ), with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and was invested
in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended
(the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, until the earlier
of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s
stockholders, as described below. 

of the net proceeds from
the sale of the additional Units and the additional Private Placement Units was deposited in the Trust Account, bringing the aggregate
proceeds held in the Trust Account to . 

of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting
commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business
Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the
outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not
to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able
to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

F- 7 

JUPITER ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds
held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed
to the Public Stockholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will
pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 6). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with
respect to the Company s warrants. 

upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks
stockholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required
by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other
reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ),
conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file
tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is
required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business
or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not
pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor and
other holders of the Company s common stock prior to the Initial Public Offering (the Initial Stockholders have agreed
to vote their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5), Private Shares (as defined in Note 4) and any Public Shares purchased during or after
the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each Public Stockholder may elect to redeem their
Public Shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 

of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the
Combination Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial
Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares
in conjunction with any such amendment. 

of
interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the
Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law
to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions
with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within
the Combination Period. 

F- 8 

JUPITER ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

). 

The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account
due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for the Company s independent registered
public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with
the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

in its operating bank account and working capital of (after adding back in
franchise tax payable as that liability, which is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheet, is allowed to be settled
using earnings from the Trust Account, of franchises taxes paid out of operating cash account not yet reimbursed from the
Trust Account and in prepaid income tax which is allowed to be settled using earnings from the Trust Account) , which
excludes of interest earned on the Trust Account that is available to pay franchise and income taxes payable. 

of the amount on deposit in the Trust Account represented interest income, which is available to pay the Company s tax obligations.
As of December 31, 2022, the Company withdrew an amount of in the interest income from the Trust Account to pay tax obligations. 

F- 9 

JUPITER ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the
fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition,
certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority
to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

F- 10 

JUPITER ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

and , respectively. The Company did not have any cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

in the interest income from the Trust Account to pay tax obligations. 

F- 11 

JUPITER ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

, of which
 were charged to stockholders equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering and were expensed to
the statements of operations. 

shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption are
presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheets. 

F- 12 

JUPITER ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Class A common stock issuance costs 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 12/31/21 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 12/31/22 

shares
of Class A common stock in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any dilutive securities or other
contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common shares and then share in the net income (loss) of the Company.
As a result, diluted net income per common share is the same as basic net income per common share for the periods presented. 

Denominator: 

Basic weighted average common stock outstanding 

Basic net income per common stock 

Denominator: 

Basic weighted average common stock outstanding 

Diluted net income per common stock 

. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts. 

F- 13 

JUPITER ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Units at a purchase price of per Unit, including additional Units pursuant to the underwriters partial
exercise of their over-allotment option. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at an
exercise price of , subject to adjustment (see Note 8). 

Private Placement Units at a price of per Private
Placement Unit for an aggregate purchase price of in private placements. Each Private Placement Unit consists of one share
of Class A common stock Private Share and one-half of one warrant (each, a Private Warrant ). Each whole
Private Warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment.
A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Units were added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust
Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private
Placement Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private
Placement Units and all underlying securities will expire worthless. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from
the Trust Account with respect to the Private Placement Units or the underlying securities. 

shares of the Company s Class B common stock (the Founder Shares for an aggregate price of . On
July 23, 2021, the Sponsor forfeited Founder Shares resulting in an aggregate of Founder Shares outstanding. The Sponsor
agreed to transfer to certain of the underwriters and certain of their employees an aggregate of shares of Class B common stock.
All shares and per-share data has been retroactively restated. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to Founder Shares
that were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part.
On August 23, 2021, the underwriters notified the Company of their exercise of the over-allotment option in part and concurrent forfeiture
of the remaining portion of such option. As such, on August 25, 2021, the underwriters purchased additional Units at per
additional Unit upon the closing of the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. As a result of the underwriters election
to partially exercise their over-allotment option and the forfeiture of the remaining portion of such over-allotment option, an aggregate
of Founder Shares were forfeited and Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture, resulting in an aggregate of
 Founder Shares outstanding at August 25, 2021. 

F- 14 

JUPITER ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Founder Shares (or an aggregate
of Founder Shares) at the original purchase price that the Sponsor paid for the Founder Shares. The Sponsor has agreed to distribute
such Founder Shares to the Anchor Investors after the completion of a Business Combination. The Company estimated the aggregate fair value
of the Founder Shares attributable to the Anchor Investors to be , or per share. The fair value of the Founder Shares
were valued using a binomial/lattice model. The excess of the fair value of the Founder Shares was determined to be an offering cost in
accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A. Accordingly, the offering cost was allocated to the separable financial instruments
issued in the Initial Public Offering based on a relative fair value basis, compared to total proceeds received. Offering costs related
to the Founder Shares amounted to , of which were expensed in the statements of operations and included in transactions
costs attributable to warrant liabilities and the remaining netted to additional paid in capital resulting in only a charge
to accumulated deficit of . 

per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. For the year ended
December 31, 2022, the Company incurred and paid in fees for these services. 

. The Promissory Note was subsequently amended on December 31, 2021 and 2020 to extend the maturity date. The Promissory
Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2021 and (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no amounts outstanding under the Promissory Note. The outstanding balance under the Note
was repaid at the closing of the Initial Public Offering on August 17, 2021, and the Promissory Note was terminated. 

of such
Working Capital Loans may be converted into units at a price of per unit at the option of the lender. The units would be identical
to the Private Placement Units. 

F- 15 

JUPITER ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

additional Units to cover over-allotments, at the Initial Public Offering
price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On August 23, 2021, the underwriters notified the Company of their exercise of
the over-allotment option in part and concurrent forfeiture of the remaining portion of such option. As such, on August 25, 2021, the
underwriters purchased additional Units upon the closing of the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. 

per Unit, or in the aggregate. Subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement, the deferred fee (i) will become
payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination
and (ii) will be waived by the underwriters in the event that the Company does not complete a Business Combination. 

million of additional financing for the Company in the form of equity or debt
(or a combination thereof) in connection with the Company s initial Business Combination, subject to market conditions and on terms
and conditions satisfactory in all respects to Nomura in its sole judgment and determination. The additional financing arrangement is
not anticipated to have any impact on the redemption price of the Class A common stock, the conversion ratio of Class B common stock to
Class A common stock or the exercise of the Warrants. 

and
 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designations, voting
and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2022
and 2021, there were no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of Class A
common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class A common stock
issued and outstanding, excluding shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption which are presented as temporary
equity. 

F- 16 

JUPITER ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of Class B
common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of
Class B common stock issued and outstanding. At December 31, 2020, there were shares of
Class B common stock issued and outstanding, of which an aggregate of up to shares of Class B common stock were subject to
forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part, so that the number of
shares of Class B common stock would equal of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock after the Initial Public
Offering (not including the Private Shares underlying the Private Placement Units). As a result of the underwriters election
to partially exercise their over-allotment option and the forfeiture of the remaining portion of such over-allotment option, Founder
Shares were forfeited and Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture, resulting in an aggregate of Founder Shares
outstanding at August 25, 2021. 

of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon completion of the
Initial Public Offering (not including the Private Shares underlying the Private Placement Units) plus all shares of Class A common stock
and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked
securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination and any private placement-equivalent warrants issued to the
Sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to the Company). 

Public Warrants outstanding. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional warrants will be issued
upon separation of the Units and only whole warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable 30 days after the completion
of a Business Combination. The Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption
or liquidation. 

F- 17 

JUPITER ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

. Once the Public Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the Public Warrants: 

per warrant; 

per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and certain issuances of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities). 

. Once the Public Warrants become exercisable, the Company
may redeem the Public Warrants: 

per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption; provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table in the prospectus for the Initial Public Offering, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of the Class A common stock; 

per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and certain issuances of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities); and 

F- 18 

JUPITER ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Private Warrants outstanding. The Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public
Offering, except that the Private Warrants and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants will
not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions,
and the holders thereof are entitled to certain registration rights. Additionally, so long as they are held by the initial purchasers
or their permitted transferees, the Private Warrants: (i) will not be redeemable by the Company (except for certain limitations); (ii)
may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis; and (iii) with respect to Private Warrants held by the underwriters or their employees,
will not be exercisable more than five years from the commencement of sales of the Initial Public Offering in accordance with FINRA Rule
5110(g)(8)(A). If the Private Warrants are held by holders other than the initial purchasers or their respective permitted transferees,
the Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as
the Public Warrants. 

Deferred 

State and Local 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

Startup/Organization Expenses 

Unrealized gain/loss - Trust 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation Allowance 

Deferred tax liability 

and which can be carried forward indefinitely, respectively. 

F- 19 

JUPITER ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

and , respectively. The effective
tax rate differs from the statutory tax rate of for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, due to changes in fair value in warrant
liability and the valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets. 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Transaction costs associated with the Initial Public Offering 

Valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

F- 20 

JUPITER ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Liabilities: 

Warrant liability- Public Warrants 
 1 

Warrant liability- Private Warrants 
 2 

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions 

Transfer to level 2 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

in
the interest income from the Trust Account to pay tax obligations. 

F- 21 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

JUPITER ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

Date: March 10, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ James N. Hauslein 

Name: 
 James N. Hauslein 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE
PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints James N. Hauslein, jointly and severally, his attorney-in-fact,
each with the full power of substitution, for such person, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report
on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite
and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might do or could do in person hereby ratifying
and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or his substitute, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the date indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 James N. Hauslein 
 
 Chairman,
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 March
 10, 2023 
 
 James
 N. Hauslein 

/s/
 Gaurav Burman 
 
 President and Director 
 
 March
 10, 2023 
 
 Gaurav
 Burman 

/s/
 Robert A. Knox 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 10, 2023 
 
 Robert
 A. Knox 

/s/
 George L. Pita 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 10, 2023 
 
 George
 L. Pita 

/s/
 John D. White, Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 10, 2023 
 
 John
 D. White, Jr. 

79 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex31-1_jupiteracq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 
PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15(d)-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, James N. Hauslein, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Jupiter Acquisition Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 10, 2023 

/s/ James N. Hauslein 

James N. Hauslein 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex32-1_jupiteracq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Jupiter
Acquisition Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, James N. Hauslein, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 10, 2023 

/s/ James N. Hauslein 

James N. Hauslein 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 jaqc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 5
 jaqc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 jaqc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 jaqc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 jaqc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

