<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_733076_0000733076-23-000003.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>27280210</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>412241</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3190224</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>11313176</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5935434</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5875355</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000733076-23-000003.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301160947
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000733076-23-000003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		146
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BRIGHTHOUSE LIFE INSURANCE Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000733076
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LIFE INSURANCE [6311]
		IRS NUMBER:				060566090
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	033-03094
		FILM NUMBER:		23693553

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11225 NORTH COMMUNITY HOUSE ROAD
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28277
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-578-3514

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11225 NORTH COMMUNITY HOUSE ROAD
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28277

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MetLife Insurance Co USA
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141118

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MetLife Insurance CO of Connecticut
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060512

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRAVELERS INSURANCE CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000733076-23-000003.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 bhl-20221231.htm
 10-K

bhl-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 __________________________ 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ___ to ___ 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of March 1, 2023, shares of the registrant s common stock were outstanding, all of which were owned indirectly by Brighthouse Financial, Inc. 
 REDUCED DISCLOSURE FORMAT 
 The registrant meets the conditions set forth in General Instruction I(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K and is therefore filing this Annual Report on Form 10-K with the reduced disclosure format. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: NONE 

Table of Contents 
 Page Part I Item 1. Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 19 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 40 
 Item 2. Properties 
 40 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 40 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 40 
 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 41 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 41 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 42 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 59 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 63 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 145 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 145 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 145 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 145 
 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 146 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 146 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 146 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships, Related Person Transactions and Director Independence 
 146 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 146 
 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 148 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 148 
 Exhibit Index 
 149 
 Signatures 
 150 

Table of Contents 

 Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, BLIC, the Company, we, our and us refer to Brighthouse Life Insurance Company and its subsidiaries, and Brighthouse Life Insurance Company refers solely to Brighthouse Life Insurance Company and not to any of its subsidiaries. Brighthouse Life Insurance Company is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc. BHF and together with its subsidiaries, Brighthouse Financial ). The term Separation refers to the separation of a substantial portion of MetLife, Inc. s (together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, MetLife former Retail segment, as well as certain portions of its former Corporate Benefit Funding segment, into a separate, publicly-traded company, Brighthouse Financial, which was completed on August 4, 2017. 
 Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Summary of Risk Factors 
 This report and other oral or written statements that we make from time to time may contain information that includes or is based upon forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. We have tried, wherever possible, to identify such statements using words such as anticipate, estimate, expect, project, may, will, could, intend, goal, target, guidance, forecast, preliminary, objective, continue, aim, plan, believe and other words and terms of similar meaning, or that are tied to future periods, in connection with a discussion of future operating or financial performance. In particular, these include, without limitation, statements relating to future actions, prospective services or products, financial projections, future performance or results of current and anticipated services or products, sales efforts, expenses, the outcome of contingencies such as legal proceedings, as well as trends in operating and financial results. The list below is also a summary of the material risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. You should read this summary together with the more detailed description of the risks and uncertainties in Risk Factors. 
 Any or all forward-looking statements may turn out to be wrong. They can be affected by inaccurate assumptions or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. Many such factors will be important in determining the actual future results of BLIC. These statements are based on current expectations and the current economic environment and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements due to a variety of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. Although it is not possible to identify all of these risks and factors, they include, among others: 
 differences between actual experience and actuarial assumptions and the effectiveness of our actuarial models; 
 higher risk management costs and exposure to increased market risk due to guarantees within certain of our products; 
 the effectiveness of our variable annuity exposure risk management strategy and the impact of such strategy on volatility in our profitability measures and negative effects on our statutory capital; 
 material differences between actual outcomes and the sensitivities calculated under certain scenarios that we may utilize in connection with our variable annuity risk management strategies; 
 the impact of interest rates on our future universal life with secondary guarantees ULSG policyholder obligations and net income volatility; 
 the potential material adverse effect of changes in accounting standards, practices or policies applicable to us, including changes in the accounting for long-duration contracts; 
 loss of business and other negative impacts resulting from a downgrade or a potential downgrade in our financial strength ratings; 
 the availability of reinsurance and the ability of the counterparties to our reinsurance or indemnification arrangements to perform their obligations thereunder; 
 heightened competition, including with respect to service, product features, scale, price, actual or perceived financial strength, claims-paying ratings, financial strength ratings, e-business capabilities and name recognition; 
 our ability to market and distribute our products through distribution channels; 
 any failure of third parties to provide services we need, any failure of the practices and procedures of such third parties and any inability to obtain information or assistance we need from third parties; 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company s ability to pay dividends, as well as the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends or distributions to Brighthouse Life Insurance Company; 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 the risks associated with climate change; 
 the adverse impact of public health crises, extreme mortality events or similar occurrences on our business and the economy in general; 
 the impact of adverse capital and credit market conditions, including with respect to our ability to meet liquidity needs and access capital; 
 the impact of economic conditions in the capital markets and the U.S. and global economy, as well as geopolitical events, military actions or catastrophic events, on our profitability measures as well as our investment portfolio, including on realized and unrealized losses and impairments, net investment spread and net investment income; 
 the financial risks that our investment portfolio is subject to, including credit risk, interest rate risk, inflation risk, market valuation risk, liquidity risk, real estate risk, derivatives risk, and other factors outside our control; 
 the impact of changes in regulation and in supervisory and enforcement policies or interpretations thereof on our insurance business or other operations; 
 the potential material negative tax impact of potential future tax legislation that could make some of our products less attractive to consumers or increase our tax liability; 
 the effectiveness of our policies, procedures and processes in managing risk; 
 the loss or disclosure of confidential information, damage to our reputation and impairment of our ability to conduct business effectively as a result of any failure in cyber- or other information security systems; 
 whether all or any portion of the tax consequences of the Separation are not as expected, leading to material additional taxes or material adverse consequences to tax attributes that impact us; and 
 other factors described in this report and from time to time in documents that we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 
 For the reasons described above, we caution you against relying on any forward-looking statements, which should also be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements included and the risks, uncertainties and other factors identified in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly in the sections entitled Risk Factors and Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, as well as in our other subsequent filings with the SEC. Further, any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as otherwise may be required by law. 
 
 Note Regarding Reliance on Statements in Our Contracts 
 See Exhibit Index Note Regarding Reliance on Statements in Our Contracts for information regarding agreements included as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Index to Business 
 Page Our Company 
 5 
 Segments and Corporate Other 
 5 
 Reinsurance Activity 
 5 
 Sales Distribution 
 7 
 Regulation 
 8 
 Competition 
 18 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Our Company 
 We offer a range of annuity and life insurance products to individuals and deliver our products through multiple independent distribution channels and marketing arrangements with a diverse network of distribution partners. Brighthouse Life Insurance Company, a Delaware corporation, is licensed to write business in all U.S. states (except New York), the District of Columbia, the Bahamas, Guam, Puerto Rico, the British Virgin Islands and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Brighthouse Life Insurance Company of NY BHNY ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Brighthouse Life Insurance Company, is domiciled in New York and licensed to write business only in New York. 
 
 Segments and Corporate Other 
 We are organized into three segments: Annuities; Life; and Run-off. In addition, we report certain of our results of operations in Corporate Other. In addition to the discussion that follows, refer to Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding each of our segments and Corporate Other. 
 Annuities 
 Our Annuities segment consists of a variety of variable, fixed, index-linked and income annuities designed to address contract holders needs for protected wealth accumulation on a tax-deferred basis, wealth transfer and income security. The variable and fixed classifications describe generally whether we or the contract holder bears the investment risk of the assets supporting the contract and determine the manner in which we earn profits from these products, as asset-based fees charged for variable products or generally as investment spreads for fixed products. Index-linked annuities allow the contract holder to participate in returns from specified equity indices and, in the case of our flagship suite of Shield Level Annuities Shield and Shield Annuities ), provide a specified level of market downside protection. Income annuities provide a guaranteed monthly income for a specified period of years or for the life of the annuitant. 
 Life 
 Our Life segment consists of insurance products and services, including term, universal, whole and variable life products designed to address policyholders needs for financial security and protected wealth transfer, which may be on a tax-advantaged basis. In addition to contributing to our revenues and earnings, mortality protection-based products offered by our Life segment diversify the longevity and other risks in our Annuities segment. 
 Run-off 
 Our Run-off segment consists of products that are no longer actively sold and are separately managed, including ULSG, structured settlements, pension risk transfer contracts, certain company-owned life insurance policies and certain funding agreements. 
 Corporate Other 
 Corporate Other contains the excess capital not allocated to the segments and interest expense related to our outstanding debt, as well as expenses associated with certain legal proceedings and income tax audit issues. Corporate Other also includes long-term care and workers compensation business reinsured through 100 quota share reinsurance agreements, activities related to funding agreements associated with our institutional spread margin business, as well as direct-to-consumer life insurance that is no longer actively sold. 
 
 Reinsurance Activity 
 Unaffiliated Third-Party Reinsurance 
 In connection with our risk management efforts and in order to provide opportunities for growth and capital management, we enter into reinsurance arrangements pursuant to which we cede certain insurance risks to unaffiliated reinsurers. We cede risks to third parties in order to limit losses, minimize exposure to significant risks and provide capacity for future growth. We enter into various agreements with reinsurers that cover groups of risks, as well as individual risks. Our ceded reinsurance to third parties is primarily structured on a treaty basis as coinsurance, yearly renewable term, excess or catastrophe excess of retention insurance. These reinsurance arrangements are an important part of our risk management strategy because they permit us to spread risk and minimize the effect of losses. The extent of each risk retained by us depends on our evaluation of the specific risk, subject, in certain circumstances, to maximum retention limits based on the characteristics and relative cost of reinsurance. We also cede first dollar mortality risk under certain contracts. In addition to reinsuring mortality risk, we cede other risks, as well as specific coverages. 
 Under the terms of the reinsurance agreements, the reinsurer agrees to reimburse us for the ceded amount in the event that we pay a claim. Cessions under reinsurance agreements do not discharge our obligations as the primary insurer. In the 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 event the reinsurers do not meet their obligations under the terms of the reinsurance agreements, reinsurance recoverable balances could become uncollectible. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business If the counterparties to our reinsurance or indemnification arrangements or to the derivatives we use to hedge our business risks default or fail to perform, we may be exposed to risks we had sought to mitigate, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have historically reinsured the mortality risk on our life insurance policies primarily on an excess of retention basis or on a quota share basis. When we cede risks to a reinsurer on an excess of retention basis we retain the liability up to a contractually specified amount and the reinsurer is responsible for indemnifying us for amounts in excess of the liability we retain, which may be subject to a cap. When we cede risks on a quota share basis, we share a portion of the risk within a contractually specified layer of reinsurance coverage. We reinsure on a facultative basis for risks with specified characteristics. On a case-by-case basis, we may retain up to 20 million per life and reinsure 100 of the risk in excess of the amount we retain. We also reinsure portions of the risk associated with certain whole life policies to a former affiliate and we assume certain term life policies and universal life policies with secondary death benefit guarantees issued by a former affiliate. We routinely evaluate our reinsurance program and may increase or decrease our retention at any time. 
 Our reinsurance is diversified with a group of primarily highly rated reinsurers. We analyze recent trends in arbitration and litigation outcomes in disputes, if any, with our reinsurers and monitor ratings and the financial strength of our reinsurers. In addition, the reinsurance recoverable balance due from each reinsurer and the recoverability of such balance is evaluated as part of this overall monitoring process. We generally secure large reinsurance recoverable balances with various forms of collateral, including secured trusts, funds withheld accounts and irrevocable letters of credit. 
 We reinsure, through 100 quota share reinsurance agreements, certain run-off long-term care and workers compensation business that we originally wrote. For products in our Run-off segment other than ULSG, we have periodically engaged in reinsurance activities on an opportunistic basis. 
 In addition, a block of long-term care insurance business with reserves of 6.5 billion at December 31, 2022 is reinsured to Genworth Life Insurance Company and Genworth Life Insurance Company of New York (collectively, the Genworth reinsurers who further retroceded this business to Union Fidelity Life Insurance Company UFLIC ), an indirect subsidiary of General Electric Company GE ). We acquired this block of long-term care insurance business in 2005 when our former parent acquired The Travelers Insurance Company Travelers from Citigroup, Inc. Citigroup ). Prior to the acquisition, Travelers agreed to reinsure a 90 quota share of its long-term care business to certain affiliates of GE, which following a spin-off became part of Genworth, and subsequently agreed to reinsure the remaining 10 quota share of such long-term care insurance business. The Genworth reinsurers established trust accounts for our benefit to secure their obligations under such arrangements requiring that they maintain qualifying collateral with an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 102 of the statutory reserves attributable to the long-term care business. Additionally, Citigroup agreed to indemnify us for losses and certain other payment obligations we might incur with respect to this block of reinsured long-term care insurance business. The most currently available financial strength rating for each of the Genworth reinsurers is C++ from A.M. Best, and Citigroup s credit ratings are A3 from Moody s and BBB+ from S P. In February 2021, we received a demand for arbitration from the Genworth reinsurers seeking authorization to withdraw certain amounts from the trust accounts. In August 2022, we participated in an arbitration hearing with the Genworth reinsurers, and a decision has not yet been issued by the arbitration panel. 
 See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business If the counterparties to our reinsurance or indemnification arrangements or to the derivatives we use to hedge our business risks default or fail to perform, we may be exposed to risks we had sought to mitigate, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Further, as disclosed in Genworth s filings with the SEC, UFLIC has established trust accounts for the Genworth reinsurers benefit to secure UFLIC s obligations under its arrangements with them concerning this block of long-term care insurance business, and GE has also agreed, under a capital maintenance agreement, to maintain sufficient capital in UFLIC to maintain UFLIC s risk-based capital RBC above a specified minimum level. 
 Affiliated Reinsurance 
 We enter into reserve financing and other transactions involving the assumption and cession of insurance risks with affiliated reinsurers and ceding companies Affiliated Reinsurance ). Affiliated reinsurance companies are affiliated insurance companies licensed under specific provisions of insurance law of their respective jurisdictions, such as the Special Purpose Financial Captive law adopted by several states, including Delaware. 
 Brighthouse Reinsurance Company of Delaware BRCD ), our reinsurance subsidiary, was formed to manage our capital and risk exposures and to support our term life insurance and ULSG businesses through the use of affiliated 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 reinsurance arrangements and related reserve financing. BRCD is capitalized with cash and invested assets, including funds withheld, at a level we believe to be sufficient to satisfy its future cash obligations under a variety of scenarios, including a permanent level yield curve and interest rates at lower levels, consistent with National Association of Insurance Commissioners NAIC cash flow testing scenarios. BRCD utilizes reserve financing to cover the difference between the sum of the fully required statutory assets (i.e., NAIC Valuation of Life Insurance Policies Model Regulation Regulation XXX and NAIC Actuarial Guideline 38 Guideline AXXX reserves) and the target margins less cash, invested assets and funds withheld, on BRCD s statutory statements. BRCD s admitted deferred tax asset could also serve to reduce the amount of funding required on a statutory basis under BRCD s reserve financing. See Notes 9 and 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding BRCD s reserve financing. 
 BRCD provides certain benefits to Brighthouse Financial, including (i) enhancing our ability to hedge the interest rate risk of our reinsurance liabilities, (ii) allowing increased allocation flexibility in managing our investment portfolio, and (iii) improving operating flexibility and administrative cost efficiency, however there can be no assurance that such benefits will continue to materialize. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business We may not be able to take credit for reinsurance, our statutory life insurance reserve financings may be subject to cost increases and new financings may be subject to limited market capacity and Regulation Insurance Regulation. We also assume 100 of the living and death benefit guarantees issued in connection with certain variable annuities issued by our affiliate, New England Life Insurance Company. 
 Catastrophe Coverage 
 We have exposure to catastrophes which could contribute to significant fluctuations in our results of operations. We use excess of retention and quota share reinsurance agreements to provide greater diversification of risk and minimize exposure to larger risks. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Public health crises, extreme mortality events or similar occurrences may adversely impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations, as well as the economy in general. 
 
 Sales Distribution 
 We distribute our annuity and life insurance products through multiple independent distribution channels and marketing arrangements with a geographically diverse network of over 400 distribution partners. We have successfully built independent distribution relationships since 2001. 
 Our annuity products are distributed through national and regional broker-dealers, banks, independent financial planners, independent marketing organizations and other financial institutions and financial planners. Our life insurance products are distributed through national and regional broker-dealers, general agencies, financial advisors, brokerage general agencies, banks, financial intermediaries and online marketplaces. We believe this strategy permits us to maximize penetration of our target markets and distribution partners without incurring the fixed costs of maintaining a proprietary distribution channel and will facilitate our ability to quickly comply with evolving regulatory requirements applicable to the sale of our products. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Regulation 
 Index to Regulation 
 Page Overview 
 9 
 Insurance Regulation 
 9 
 Privacy and Cybersecurity Regulation 
 13 
 Securities, Broker-Dealer and Investment Advisor Regulation 
 14 
 Department of Labor and ERISA Considerations 
 14 
 Standard of Conduct Regulation 
 15 
 Federal Tax Reform 
 16 
 Transition from LIBOR 
 17 
 Regulation of Over-the-Counter Derivatives 
 17 
 Environmental Considerations 
 17 
 Unclaimed Property 
 18 

8 

Table of Contents 

 Overview 
 We, including our insurance subsidiary, BHNY, and our reinsurance subsidiary, BRCD, are regulated primarily at the state level, with some products and services also subject to federal regulation. In addition, Brighthouse Life Insurance Company and BHNY are subject to regulation under the insurance holding company laws of various U.S. jurisdictions. Furthermore, some of our operations, products and services are subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ), consumer protection laws, securities, broker-dealer and investment advisor regulations, and environmental and unclaimed property laws and regulations. See Risk Factors Regulatory and Legal Risks. 
 
 Insurance Regulation 
 State insurance regulation generally aims at supervising and regulating insurers, with the goal of protecting policyholders and ensuring that insurance companies remain solvent. Insurance regulators have increasingly sought information about the potential impact of activities in holding company systems as a whole and have adopted laws and regulations enhancing group-wide supervision. See Holding Company Regulation for information regarding an enterprise risk report. 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company and BHNY are licensed and regulated in each U.S. jurisdiction where they conduct insurance business. Brighthouse Life Insurance Company is licensed to issue insurance products in all U.S. states (except New York), the District of Columbia, the Bahamas, Guam, Puerto Rico, the British Virgin Islands and the U.S. Virgin Islands. BHNY is only licensed to issue insurance products in New York. The primary regulator of an insurance company, however, is the insurance regulator in its state of domicile. Brighthouse Life Insurance Company is domiciled in Delaware and regulated by the Delaware Department of Insurance, and BHNY is domiciled in New York and regulated by the New York State Department of Financial Services NYDFS ). In addition, BRCD, which provides reinsurance to Brighthouse Life Insurance Company and an affiliate, is domiciled in Delaware and regulated by the Delaware Department of Insurance. 
 The extent of such regulation varies, but most jurisdictions have laws and regulations governing certain financial aspects of insurers and the administration and design of their respective products, as well as the business conduct of insurers and distributors. State laws in the U.S. grant insurance regulatory authorities broad administrative powers with respect to, among other things: 
 licensing companies and agents to transact business; 
 calculating the value of assets to determine compliance with statutory requirements; 
 mandating certain insurance benefits; 
 regulating certain premium rates; 
 reviewing and approving certain policy forms and rates; 
 regulating unfair trade and claims practices, including through the imposition of restrictions on marketing and sales practices, distribution arrangements and payment of inducements, and identifying and paying to the states benefits and other property that are not claimed by the owners; 
 regulating advertising and marketing of insurance products; 
 protecting privacy; 
 establishing statutory capital (including RBC) reserve requirements and solvency standards; 
 specifying the conditions under which a ceding company can take credit for reinsurance in its statutory financial statements (i.e., reduce its reserves by the amount of reserves ceded to a reinsurer); 
 fixing maximum interest rates on insurance policy loans and minimum rates for guaranteed crediting rates on life insurance policies and annuity contracts; 
 adopting and enforcing replacement, best interest, or suitability standards with respect to the sale of annuities and other insurance products; 
 approving changes in control of insurance companies; 
 restricting the payment of dividends to affiliates, as well as certain other transactions between affiliates; and 
 regulating the types, amounts and valuation of investments. 

9 

Table of Contents 

 We are required to file reports, generally including detailed annual financial statements, with insurance regulatory authorities in each of the jurisdictions in which we do business, and our operations and accounts are subject to periodic examination by such authorities. Brighthouse Life Insurance Company and BHNY must also file, and in many jurisdictions and for some lines of insurance obtain regulatory approval for, rules, rates and forms relating to the insurance written in the jurisdictions in which they operate. 
 State and federal insurance and securities regulatory authorities and other state law enforcement agencies and attorneys general from time to time may make inquiries regarding our compliance with insurance, securities and other laws and regulations regarding the conduct of our insurance and securities businesses. We cooperate with such inquiries and take corrective action when warranted. See Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Surplus and Capital; Risk-Based Capital 
 The NAIC is an organization whose mission is to assist state insurance regulatory authorities in serving the public interest and achieving the insurance regulatory goals of its members, the state insurance regulatory officials. Through the NAIC, state insurance regulators establish standards and best practices, conduct peer reviews, and coordinate their regulatory oversight. The NAIC provides standardized insurance industry accounting and reporting guidance through its Accounting Practices and Procedures Manual (the Manual ), which states have largely adopted by regulation. However, statutory accounting principles continue to be established by individual state laws, regulations and permitted practices, which may differ from the Manual. Changes to the Manual or modifications by the various states may impact our statutory capital and surplus. 
 The NAIC has established regulations that provide minimum capitalization requirements based on RBC formulas for insurance companies. Insurers are required to maintain their capital and surplus at or above minimum levels. Regulators have discretionary authority, in connection with the continued licensing of an insurer, to limit or prohibit the insurer s sales to policyholders if, in their judgment, the regulators determine that such insurer has not maintained the minimum surplus or capital or that the further transaction of business will be hazardous to policyholders. Brighthouse Life Insurance Company and BHNY are subject to RBC requirements and other minimum statutory capital and surplus requirements imposed under the laws of Delaware and New York, respectively. RBC is based on a formula calculated by applying factors to various asset, premium, claim, expense and statutory reserve items. The formula takes into account the risk characteristics of the insurer and is calculated for NAIC reporting purposes on an annual basis. The major categories of risk involved are asset risk, insurance risk, interest rate risk, market risk and business risk, including equity, interest rate and expense recovery risks associated with variable annuities that contain guaranteed minimum death and living benefits. The RBC framework is used as an early warning regulatory tool to identify possible inadequately capitalized insurers for purposes of initiating regulatory action, and not as a means to rank insurers generally. State insurance laws provide insurance regulators the authority to require various actions by, or take various actions against, insurers whose total adjusted capital does not meet or exceed certain RBC levels. See Risk Factors Regulatory and Legal Risks A decrease in the RBC ratio of Brighthouse Life Insurance Company and BHNY (as a result of a reduction in statutory capital and surplus or an increase in the required RBC capital charges), or a change in the rating agency proprietary capital models, could result in increased scrutiny by insurance regulators and rating agencies and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In August 2022, the NAIC adopted changes to the RBC factors for life insurance contracts. These changes became effective on December 31, 2022, and they have not had a material impact on our combined RBC ratio. 
 In June 2021, the NAIC adopted changes to the RBC factors for bonds and real estate and created a new set of RBC charges for longevity risk. These changes became effective on December 31, 2021, and they have not had a material impact on our combined RBC ratio. 
 In December 2020, the NAIC adopted a group capital calculation tool that uses an RBC aggregation methodology for all entities within an insurance holding company system. The NAIC has stated that the calculation will be a tool to assist regulators in assessing group risks and capital adequacy and does not constitute a minimum capital requirement or standard, however, there is no guarantee that will be the case in the future. It is unclear how the group capital calculation will interact with existing capital requirements for insurance companies in the U.S. 
 In August 2018, the NAIC adopted the framework for variable annuity reserve and capital reform VA Reform ). The revisions, which have resulted in substantial changes in reserves, statutory surplus and capital requirements, were designed to mitigate the incentive for insurers to engage in captive reinsurance transactions by making improvements to Actuarial Guideline 43 and the Life Risk Based Capital C3 Phase II capital requirements. VA Reform is intended to (i) mitigate the asset liability accounting mismatch between hedge instruments and statutory instruments and statutory liabilities, (ii) remove the non-economic volatility in statutory capital charges and the resulting solvency ratios and (iii) facilitate greater 

10 

Table of Contents 

 harmonization across insurers and their products for greater comparability. VA Reform became effective as of January 1, 2020, with early adoption permitted as of December 31, 2019. Brighthouse Financial elected to early adopt the changes effective December 31, 2019. Further changes to this framework, including changes resulting from work currently underway by the NAIC to find a suitable replacement for the Economic Scenario Generators developed by the American Academy of Actuaries, could negatively impact our statutory surplus and required capital. 
 See Risk Factors Regulatory and Legal Risks Our business is highly regulated, and changes in regulation and in supervisory and enforcement policies or interpretations thereof may materially impact our capitalization or cash flows, reduce our profitability and limit our growth. 
 Holding Company Regulation 
 Insurance holding company laws and regulations vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, but generally require a controlled insurance company (i.e., insurers that are subsidiaries of insurance holding companies) to register with state regulatory authorities and to file with those authorities certain reports, including information concerning its capital structure, ownership, financial condition, certain intercompany transactions and general business operations. Most states have adopted substantially similar versions of the NAIC Insurance Holding Company System Model Act and the Insurance Holding Company System Model Regulation. Other states, including New York, have adopted modified versions, although their supporting regulation is substantially similar to the model regulation. 
 Insurance holding company regulations generally provide that no person, corporation or other entity may acquire control of an insurance company, or a controlling interest in any parent company of an insurance company, without the prior approval of such insurance company s domiciliary state insurance regulator. Under the laws of both Delaware and New York, any person acquiring, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the voting securities of an insurance company (or any holding company of the insurance company) is presumed to have acquired control of the company. This statutory presumption of control may be rebutted by a showing that control does not exist, in fact. The state insurance regulators, however, may find that control exists in circumstances in which a person owns or controls less than 10 of an insurance company s voting securities. 
 The laws and regulations regarding acquisition of control transactions may discourage potential acquisition proposals and may delay, deter or prevent a change of control involving us, including through unsolicited transactions. 
 The insurance holding company laws and regulations include a requirement that the ultimate controlling person of a U.S. insurer file an annual enterprise risk report with the lead state of the insurance holding company system identifying risks likely to have a material adverse effect upon the financial condition or liquidity of the insurer or its insurance holding company system as a whole. To date, all of the states where Brighthouse Financial has domestic insurers have enacted this enterprise risk reporting requirement. 
 State insurance statutes also typically place restrictions and limitations on the amount of dividends or other distributions payable by insurance subsidiaries to their parent companies, as well as on transactions between an insurer and its affiliates. Dividends in excess of prescribed limits and transactions above a specified size between an insurer and its affiliates require the prior approval of the insurance regulator in the insurer s state of domicile. 
 The Delaware Insurance Commissioner (the Delaware Commissioner and the New York Superintendent of Financial Services (the NY Superintendent have broad discretion in determining whether the financial condition of a stock life insurance company would support the payment of such dividends to its stockholders. 
 For a discussion of dividend restrictions pursuant to the Delaware Insurance Code and the New York insurance laws, as well as the dividend restrictions under BRCD s plan of operations, see Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Own Risk and Solvency Assessment Model Act 
 In 2012, the NAIC adopted the Risk Management and Own Risk and Solvency Assessment Model Act ORSA ), which has been enacted by Delaware and New York. ORSA requires that insurers maintain a risk management framework and conduct an internal own risk and solvency assessment of the insurer s material risks in normal and stressed environments. The assessment must be documented in a confidential annual summary report, a copy of which must be made available to regulators as required or upon request. 
 Captive Reinsurer Regulation 
 During 2014, the NAIC approved a regulatory framework applicable to the use of captive insurers in connection with Regulation XXX and Guideline AXXX transactions. Among other things, the framework called for more disclosure of an 

11 

Table of Contents 

 insurer s use of captives in its statutory financial statements and narrows the types of assets permitted to back statutory reserves that are required to support the insurer s future obligations. In 2014, the NAIC implemented the framework through an actuarial guideline AG 48 ), which requires the ceding insurer s actuary to opine on the insurer s reserves and to issue a qualified opinion if the framework is not followed. The requirements of AG 48 are effective in all U.S. states, and such requirements apply to policies issued and new reinsurance transactions entered into on or after January 1, 2015. In 2016, the NAIC adopted a model regulation containing similar substantive requirements to AG 48. 
 Federal Initiatives 
 Although the insurance business in the U.S. is primarily regulated by the states, federal initiatives often have an impact on our business in a variety of ways. Federal regulation of financial services, securities, derivatives and pensions, as well as legislation affecting privacy, tort reform and taxation, may significantly and adversely affect the insurance business. In addition, various forms of direct and indirect federal regulation of insurance have been proposed from time to time, including proposals for the establishment of an optional federal charter for insurance companies. 
 Guaranty Associations and Similar Arrangements 
 All of the jurisdictions in which we are admitted to transact business require life insurers doing business within the jurisdiction to participate in guaranty associations, which are organized to pay contractual benefits owed pursuant to insurance policies issued by impaired, insolvent or failed insurers, or those that may become impaired, insolvent or fail, for example, following the occurrence of one or more catastrophic events. These associations levy assessments, up to prescribed limits, on all member insurers in a particular state on the basis of the proportionate share of the premiums written by member insurers in the lines of business in which the impaired, insolvent or failed insurer is engaged. Some states permit member insurers to recover assessments paid through full or partial premium tax offsets. 
 Over the past several years, the aggregate assessments levied against us have not been material. We have established liabilities for guaranty fund assessments that we consider adequate. 
 Insurance Regulatory Examinations and Other Activities 
 As part of their regulatory oversight process, state insurance departments conduct periodic detailed examinations of the books, records, accounts, and business practices of insurers domiciled in their states, including periodic financial examinations and market conduct examinations, some of which are currently in process. State insurance departments also have the authority to conduct examinations of non-domiciliary insurers that are licensed in their states, and such states routinely conduct examinations of us. Over the past several years, there have been no material adverse findings in connection with any examinations of us conducted by state insurance departments, although there can be no assurance that there will not be any material adverse findings in the future. 
 Regulatory authorities in a small number of states, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA and, occasionally, the SEC, have conducted investigations or inquiries relating to sales or administration of individual life insurance policies, annuities or other products by Brighthouse Life Insurance Company and BHNY. These investigations have focused on the conduct of particular financial services representatives, the sale of unregistered or unsuitable products, the misuse of client assets, and sales and replacements of annuities and certain riders on such annuities. Over the past several years, these and a number of investigations of Brighthouse Life Insurance Company and BHNY by other regulatory authorities were resolved for monetary payments and certain other relief, including restitution payments. We may continue to receive, and may resolve, further investigations and actions on these matters in a similar manner. In addition, insurance companies claims payment, abandoned property and escheatment practices have received increased scrutiny from regulators. 
 Policy and Contract Reserve Adequacy Analysis 
 Annually, we are required to conduct an analysis of the adequacy of all statutory reserves. In each case, a qualified actuary must submit an opinion which states that the statutory reserves make adequate provision, according to accepted actuarial standards of practice, for the anticipated cash flows required by the contractual obligations and related expenses of the insurance company. The adequacy of the statutory reserves is considered in light of the assets held by the insurer with respect to such reserves and related actuarial items, including, but not limited to, the investment earnings on such assets, and the consideration anticipated to be received and retained under the related policies and contracts. An insurance company may increase reserves in order to submit an opinion without qualification, which is required by the Delaware Department of Insurance and the NYDFS, and we have provided such opinions without qualifications. 

12 

Table of Contents 

 Regulation of Investments 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company and BHNY are subject to state laws and regulations that require diversification of investment portfolios and limit the amount of investments that an insurer may have in certain asset categories, such as below investment grade fixed income securities, real estate equity, other equity investments, and derivatives, and we have internal procedures designed to ensure that our investments comply with such laws and regulations. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations would cause investments exceeding regulatory limitations to be treated as non-admitted assets for purposes of measuring surplus and, in some instances, would require divestiture of such non-qualifying investments. 
 NYDFS Insurance Regulation 47 
 In August 2022, the NYDFS amended Insurance Regulation 47 (as amended, Regulation 47 ), which implemented new requirements for certain annuity products. Certain sections of Regulation 47 became effective as of January 1, 2023, and the remainder will become effective January 1, 2024. The regulation is likely to open the New York market to new competitors and has impacted some components of our current product designs. We continue to assess the impact of these new factors on our sales in New York. See Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business Factors affecting our competitiveness may adversely affect our market share or profitability and Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business We may experience difficulty in marketing and distributing products through our distribution channels. 
 NYDFS Insurance Regulation 210 
 In March 2018, NYDFS Insurance Regulation 210: Life Insurance and Annuity Non-Guaranteed Elements took effect. The regulation establishes standards for the determination and readjustment of non-guaranteed elements NGE that may vary at the insurer s discretion for life insurance policies and annuity contracts delivered or issued for delivery in New York. In addition, the regulation establishes guidelines for related disclosure to NYDFS and policy owners prior to any adverse change in NGEs. The regulation applies to all individual life insurance policies, individual annuity contracts and certain group life insurance and group annuity certificates that contain NGEs. NGEs include premiums, expense charges, cost of insurance rates and interest credits. 
 
 Privacy and Cybersecurity Regulation 
 In the course of our business, we and our distributors collect and maintain customer data, including personally identifiable nonpublic financial and health information. We also collect and handle the personal information of our associates and certain third parties who distribute our products. As a result, we and the third parties who distribute our products are subject to U.S. federal and state privacy laws and regulations, including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act as well as additional regulation, including the laws described below. These laws require that we institute and maintain certain policies and procedures to safeguard this information from improper use or disclosure and that we provide notice of our practices related to the collection and disclosure of such information. Other laws and regulations require us to notify affected individuals and regulators of security breaches. 
 Congress and many states have enacted privacy and information security laws and regulations that impose compliance obligations applicable to our business, including obligations to protect sensitive personal and creditworthiness information, as well as limitations on the use and sharing of such information. For example, the NYDFS cybersecurity regulation, which became effective in March 2017, requires companies to establish a cybersecurity program. The NYDFS cybersecurity regulation includes specific technical safeguards as well as requirements regarding governance, incident planning, training, data management, system testing and regulator notification in the event of certain cybersecurity events. 
 In addition, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the CCPA ), which became effective in January 2020, affords California residents expanded privacy protections and control over the collection, use and sharing of their personal information. The CCPA requires companies to make certain disclosures to California consumers regarding personal information, among other privacy protective measures. The CCPA s definition of personal information is more expansive than those found in other privacy laws in the United States applicable to us. Failure to comply with the CCPA risks regulatory fines, and the CCPA grants a private right of action and statutory damages for an unauthorized access and exfiltration, theft, or disclosure of certain types of personal information resulting from the Company s violation of a duty to maintain reasonable security procedures and practices. The CCPA, amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (the CPRA ), effective as of January 1, 2023, requires additional investment in compliance programs and potential modifications to business processes. Further, the amended CCPA creates a California data protection agency to enforce the statute and will impose new requirements relating to additional consumer rights, data minimization, and other obligations. The California legislature did not extend certain exemptions under the amended CCPA, specifically information collected in employment or business-to-business contexts, and such information therefore is now covered by the CCPA. Enforcement of the CCPA, as amended by the CPRA, will begin on July 1, 2023. 

13 

Table of Contents 

 In 2017, the NAIC adopted the Insurance Data Security Model Law, which established standards for data security and for the investigation and notification of insurance commissioners of cybersecurity events involving unauthorized access to, or the misuse of, certain nonpublic information. A number of states have enacted the Insurance Data Security Model Law or similar laws, and we expect more states to follow. 
 All U.S. states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. territories also require entities to provide notification to affected residents and, in certain instances, state regulators, such as state attorneys general or state insurance commissions, in the event of certain security breaches affecting personal information. Also, as noted above, state governments, Congress, and agencies may consider and enact additional legislation or promulgate regulations governing privacy, cybersecurity, and data breach reporting requirements. We cannot predict whether such legislation will be enacted, or what impact, if any, such legislation may have on our business practices, results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Securities, Broker-Dealer and Investment Advisor Regulation 
 Some of our activities in offering and selling variable insurance products, as well as certain fixed interest rate or index-linked contracts, are subject to extensive regulation under the federal securities laws administered by the SEC or state securities laws. Federal and state securities laws and regulations treat variable insurance products and certain fixed interest rate or index-linked contracts as securities that must be registered with the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and distributed through broker-dealers registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These registered broker-dealers are also FINRA members; therefore, sales of these registered products are also subject to the requirements of FINRA rules. 
 We utilize Brighthouse Securities, LLC, an affiliate, to distribute our variable and registered fixed products. Brighthouse Securities, LLC is a FINRA member and a broker-dealer registered with the SEC and applicable state regulators. 
 We issue variable insurance products through separate accounts that are registered with the SEC as investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Each registered separate account is generally divided into subaccounts, each of which invests in an underlying fund which is itself a registered investment company under the Investment Company Act. Our affiliate, Brighthouse Investment Advisers, LLC is registered as an investment advisor with the SEC under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, and its primary business is to serve as investment advisor to certain of the registered funds that underlie our variable annuity contracts and variable life insurance policies. Certain variable contract separate accounts sponsored by Brighthouse Life Insurance Company and BHNY are exempt from registration under the Securities Act and the Investment Company Act but may be subject to other provisions of the federal securities laws. 
 Federal, state and other securities regulatory authorities, including the SEC and FINRA, may from time to time make inquiries and conduct examinations regarding our compliance with securities and other laws and regulations. We will cooperate with such inquiries and examinations and take corrective action when warranted. See Insurance Regulation Insurance Regulatory Examinations and Other Activities. 
 Federal and state securities laws and regulations are primarily intended to ensure the integrity of the financial markets, to protect investors in the securities markets, and to protect investment advisory or brokerage clients, and generally grant regulatory agencies broad rulemaking and enforcement powers, including the power to limit or restrict the conduct of business for failure to comply with such laws and regulations. 
 
 Department of Labor and ERISA Considerations 
 We manufacture individual retirement annuities that are subject to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Tax Code ), for third parties to sell to individuals. Also, a portion of our in-force life insurance products and annuity products are held by tax-qualified pension and retirement plans that are subject to ERISA or the Tax Code. While we currently believe manufacturers do not have as much exposure to ERISA and the Tax Code as distributors, certain activities are subject to the restrictions imposed by ERISA and the Tax Code, including restrictions on the provision of investment advice to ERISA qualified plans, plan participants and individual retirement annuity and individual retirement account (collectively, IRAs owners if the investment recommendation results in fees paid to an individual advisor, the firm that employs the advisor or their affiliates. In June 2020, the Department of Labor DOL issued guidance that expands the definition of investment advice. See Standard of Conduct Regulation Department of Labor Fiduciary Advice Rule. 
 The DOL has issued a number of regulations that increase the level of disclosure that must be provided to plan sponsors and participants. The participant disclosure regulations and the regulations which require service providers to disclose fee and other information to plan sponsors took effect in 2012. Brighthouse Life Insurance Company and BHNY have taken and continue to take steps designed to ensure compliance with these regulations as they apply to service providers. 

14 

Table of Contents 

 In John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company v. Harris Trust and Savings Bank (1993), the U.S. Supreme Court held that certain assets in excess of amounts necessary to satisfy guaranteed obligations under a participating group annuity general account contract are plan assets. Therefore, these assets are subject to certain fiduciary obligations under ERISA, which requires fiduciaries to perform their duties solely in the interest of participants and beneficiaries of a plan subject to Title I of ERISA (an ERISA Plan ). DOL regulations issued thereafter provide that, if an insurer satisfies certain requirements, assets supporting a policy backed by the insurer s general account and issued before 1999 will not constitute plan assets. We have taken and continue to take steps designed to ensure compliance with these regulations. An insurer issuing a new policy that is backed by its general account and is issued to or for an employee benefit plan after December 31, 1998 is generally subject to fiduciary obligations under ERISA, unless the policy is an insurance policy or contract that provides for benefits the amount of which is guaranteed by the insurer (a guaranteed benefit policy ), in which case, the assets would not be considered plan assets. We have taken and continue to take steps designed to ensure that policies issued to ERISA Plans after 1998 qualify as guaranteed benefit policies. 
 
 Standard of Conduct Regulation 
 As a result of overlapping efforts by the DOL, the NAIC, individual states and the SEC to impose fiduciary-like requirements in connection with the sale of annuities, life insurance policies and securities, which are each discussed in more detail below, there have been a number of proposed or adopted changes to the laws and regulations that govern the conduct of our business and the firms that distribute our products. As a manufacturer of annuity and life insurance products, we do not directly distribute our products to consumers. However, regulations establishing standards of conduct in connection with the distribution and sale of these products could affect our business by imposing greater compliance, oversight, disclosure and notification requirements on our distributors or us, which may in either case increase our costs or limit distribution of our products. We cannot predict what other proposals may be made, what legislation or regulations may be introduced or enacted, or what impact any future legislation or regulations may have on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Department of Labor Fiduciary Advice Rule 
 A regulatory action by the DOL (the Fiduciary Advice Rule ), which became effective on February 16, 2021, reinstates the text of the DOL s 1975 investment advice regulation defining what constitutes fiduciary investment advice to ERISA Plans and IRAs and provides guidance interpreting such regulation. The guidance provided by the DOL broadens the circumstances under which financial institutions, including insurance companies, could be considered fiduciaries under ERISA or the Tax Code. In particular, the DOL states that a recommendation to roll over assets from a qualified retirement plan to an IRA or from an IRA to another IRA, can be considered fiduciary investment advice if provided by someone with an existing relationship with the ERISA Plan or an IRA owner (or in anticipation of establishing such a relationship). This guidance reverses an earlier DOL interpretation suggesting that roll over advice does not constitute investment advice giving rise to a fiduciary relationship. 
 Under the Fiduciary Advice Rule, individuals or entities providing investment advice would be considered fiduciaries under ERISA or the Tax Code, as applicable, and would therefore be required to act solely in the interest of ERISA Plan participants or IRA beneficiaries, or risk exposure to fiduciary liability with respect to their advice. They would further be prohibited from receiving compensation for this advice, unless an exemption applied. 
 In connection with the Fiduciary Advice Rule, the DOL also issued an exemption, Prohibited Transaction Exemption 2020-02, that allows fiduciaries to receive compensation in connection with providing investment advice, including advice with respect to roll overs, that would otherwise be prohibited as a result of their fiduciary relationship to the ERISA Plan or IRA. In order to be eligible for the exemption, among other conditions, the investment advice fiduciary is required to acknowledge its fiduciary status, refrain from putting its own interests ahead of the plan beneficiaries interests or making material misleading statements, act in accordance with ERISA s prudent person standard of care, and receive no more than reasonable compensation for the advice. 
 Because we do not engage in direct distribution of retail products, including IRA products and retail annuities sold to ERISA Plan participants and to IRA owners, we believe that we will have limited exposure to the Fiduciary Advice Rule. However, while we cannot predict the rule s impact, the DOL s interpretation of the ERISA fiduciary investment advice regulation could have an adverse effect on sales of annuity products through our independent distribution partners, as a significant portion of our annuity sales are as IRAs. The Fiduciary Advice Rule may also lead to changes to our compensation practices and product offerings as well as increase our litigation risk, any of which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We may also need to take certain additional actions in order to comply with, or assist our distributors in their compliance with, the Fiduciary Advice Rule. 
 In 2021, the DOL announced that it intends to make further changes to its fiduciary investment advice framework, which may include amending the regulations defining fiduciary investment advice and evaluating the current exemptions 

15 

Table of Contents 

 relied upon by financial institutions in providing services to ERISA Plans and IRAs or proposing new exemptions. We will continue to monitor developments regarding any proposed framework updates. 
 State Law Standard of Conduct Rules and Regulations 
 The NAIC adopted a Suitability in Annuity Transactions Regulation (the NAIC SAT that includes a best interest standard on February 13, 2020 in an effort to promote harmonization across various regulators, including the SEC Regulation Best Interest. The NAIC SAT model standard requires producers to act in the best interest of the consumer when recommending annuities. Several states have adopted the NAIC SAT model, effective in 2021, and we expect that other states will also consider adopting the NAIC SAT model. 
 Additionally, certain regulators have issued proposals to impose a fiduciary duty on some investment professionals, and other states may be considering similar regulations. We continue to assess the impact of these issued and proposed standards on our business, and we expect that we and our third-party distributors will need to implement additional compliance measures that could ultimately impact sales of our products. 
 NYDFS Insurance Regulation 187 
 In July 2018, the NYDFS amended Insurance Regulation 187 (as amended, Regulation 187 ), adopting a best interest standard for the sale of annuities and life insurance products in New York. Regulation 187 generally requires that an insurance producer or insurer consider only a consumer s best interest, and not the financial interests of the producer or insurer, in making a recommendation as to which life insurance or annuity product a consumer should purchase. In addition, Regulation 187 imposes a best interest standard on consumer in-force transactions. We have assessed the impact to our annuity and life insurance businesses and have adopted certain changes to promote compliance with the provisions by their respective effective dates. In April 2021, the Appellate Division of the New York State Supreme Court overturned the amendment to Regulation 187 for being unconstitutionally vague, and the NYDFS filed an appeal to the New York Court of Appeals in May 2021. On October 20, 2022, the New York Court of Appeals held that the amendment to Regulation 187 is constitutional, which leaves Regulation 187 in effect. 
 SEC Rules Addressing Standards of Conduct for Broker-Dealers 
 On June 5, 2019, the SEC adopted a comprehensive set of rules and interpretations for broker-dealers and investment advisers, including Regulation Best Interest. Among other things, this regulatory package: 
 requires broker-dealers and their financial professionals to act in the best interest of retail customers when making recommendations to such customers without placing their own interests ahead of the customers interests, including by satisfying obligations relating to disclosure, care, mitigation of conflicts of interest, and compliance policies and procedures; 
 clarifies the nature of the fiduciary obligations owed by registered investment advisers to their clients; 
 imposes new requirements on broker-dealers and investment advisers to deliver Form CRS relationship summaries designed to assist customers in understanding key facts regarding their relationships with their investment professionals and differences between the broker-dealer and investment adviser business models; and 
 restricts broker-dealers and their financial professionals from using certain compensation practices and the terms adviser or advisor. 
 The intent of Regulation Best Interest is to impose an enhanced standard of care on broker-dealers and their financial professionals which is more similar to that of an investment adviser. Among other things, this would require broker-dealers to mitigate conflicts of interest arising from transaction-based financial arrangements for their employees. 
 Regulation Best Interest may change the way broker-dealers sell securities such as variable annuities to their retail customers as well as their associated costs. Moreover, it may impact broker-dealer sales of other annuity products that are not securities because it could be difficult for broker-dealers to differentiate their sales practices by product. Broker-dealers were required to comply with the requirements of Regulation Best Interest beginning June 30, 2020. In addition, individual states and their securities regulators may adopt their own enhanced conduct standards for broker-dealers that may further impact their practices, and it is uncertain to what extent they would be preempted by Regulation Best Interest. 
 
 Federal Tax Reform 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act was signed into law by President Biden. The Inflation Reduction Act establishes a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax (the CAMT for corporations whose average annual adjusted 

16 

Table of Contents 

 financial statement income for any consecutive three tax year period ending after December 31, 2021 and preceding the tax year exceeds 1 billion. The provision is effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. 
 To date, the Internal Revenue Service has issued only limited guidance on the CAMT and has signaled that additional future guidance with respect to the insurance industry is forthcoming; uncertainty remains regarding the application of and potential adjustments to the CAMT. Accordingly, the company is currently unable to assess the applicability of the CAMT or the potential impact it may have on our financial statements. It is possible that the CAMT could, therefore, result in a materially higher income tax in a given year. 
 
 Transition from LIBOR 
 As a result of concerns about the accuracy of the calculation of the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate LIBOR ), in 2017, the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, the current administrator of LIBOR, announced that it will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR after 2021. In March 2021, the ICE Benchmark Administration and the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority announced that all LIBOR settings either will cease to be provided by any administrator or will no longer be representative (i) immediately after December 31, 2021, for all non-U.S. dollar USD LIBOR settings and one-week and two-month USD LIBOR settings and (ii) immediately after June 30, 2023 for the remaining USD LIBOR settings or, if adopted, at such later dates set forth in the FCA Proposal. In connection with the cessation of LIBOR, the Federal Reserve Board (the Federal Reserve began publishing a secured overnight funding rate, which is intended to replace USD LIBOR. 
 On March 15, 2022, the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act (the LIBOR Act was signed into law, which provides a statutory mechanism and safe harbor that applies on a nationwide basis to replace LIBOR with a benchmark rate, selected by the Federal Reserve based on a secured overnight funding rate, for certain contracts that reference LIBOR and contain no or insufficient fallback provisions. Substantially all of our agreements referencing LIBOR expiring after June 30, 2023 have been amended to include alternative reference rates. As of December 31, 2022, our remaining exposure to LIBOR was not material. 
 
 Regulation of Over-the-Counter Derivatives 
 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank includes a framework of regulation of the over-the-counter OTC derivatives markets which requires clearing of certain types of derivatives and imposes additional costs, including new reporting and margin requirements. We use derivatives to mitigate a wide range of risks in connection with our businesses, including the impact of increased benefit exposures from certain of our annuity products that offer guaranteed benefits. Our costs of risk mitigation have increased under Dodd-Frank. For example, Dodd-Frank imposes requirements for (i) the mandatory clearing of certain OTC derivatives transactions that must be cleared and settled through central clearing counterparties OTC-cleared ), and (ii) the mandatory exchange of margin for OTC in-scope derivatives transactions that are bilateral contracts between two counterparties OTC-bilateral or uncleared entered into after the applicable phase-in period. The initial margin requirements for OTC-bilateral derivatives transactions, which requires the collecting and posting of collateral to reduce future exposure to a given counterparty, became applicable to us in September 2021. The increased margin requirements, combined with increased capital charges for our counterparties and central clearinghouses with respect to non-cash collateral, will likely require increased holdings of cash and highly liquid securities with lower yields causing a reduction in income and less favorable pricing for cleared and OTC-bilateral derivatives transactions. Centralized clearing of certain derivatives also exposes us to the risk of a default by a clearing member or clearinghouse with respect to our cleared derivatives transactions. We could be subject to higher costs of entering into derivatives transactions (including customized derivatives) and the reduced availability of customized derivatives that might result from the implementation of Dodd-Frank and comparable international derivatives regulations. 
 Federal banking regulators adopted rules that apply to certain qualified financial contracts, including many derivatives contracts, securities lending agreements and repurchase agreements, with certain banking institutions and certain of their affiliates. These rules, which became effective on January 1, 2019, generally require the banking institutions and their applicable affiliates to include contractual provisions in their qualified financial contracts that limit or delay certain rights of their counterparties arising in connection with the banking institution or an applicable affiliate becoming subject to a bankruptcy, insolvency, resolution or similar proceeding. Certain of our derivatives, securities lending agreements and repurchase agreements are subject to these rules, and as a result, we are subject to greater risk and more limited recovery in the event of a default by such banking institutions or their applicable affiliates. 
 
 Environmental Considerations 
 We hold equity interests in companies that may be subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations and related liabilities and, accordingly, could potentially be subject to environmental liabilities. We routinely have 

17 

Table of Contents 

 environmental assessments performed with respect to real estate being acquired for investment and real property to be acquired through foreclosure. We cannot provide assurance that unexpected environmental liabilities will not arise. However, based on information currently available to us, we believe that any costs associated with compliance with environmental laws and regulations or any remediation of properties in our investment portfolio will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Unclaimed Property 
 We are subject to the laws and regulations of states and other jurisdictions concerning identification, reporting and escheatment of unclaimed or abandoned funds, and are subject to audit and examination for compliance with these requirements, which may result in fines or penalties. Litigation may be brought by, or on behalf, of one or more entities, seeking to recover unclaimed or abandoned funds and interest. The claimant or claimants also may allege entitlement to other damages or penalties, including for alleged false claims. 
 
 Competition 
 Both the annuities and the life insurance markets are very competitive, with many participants and no one company dominating the market for all products. According to the American Council of Life Insurers (Life Insurers Fact Book 2022), the U.S. life insurance industry is made up of 737 companies with sales and operations across the country and U.S. territories. We compete with major, well-established stock and mutual life insurance companies and non-insurance financial services companies (e.g., banks, broker-dealers and asset managers) in all of our product offerings, including certain of our distributors that currently manufacture competing products or may manufacture competing products in the future. Our Annuities segment also faces competition from other financial service providers that focus on retirement products and advice. Our competitive positioning overall is focused on access to distribution channels, product features and financial strength. 
 Principal competitive factors in the annuities business include product features, distribution channel relationships, ease of doing business, annual fees, investment performance, speed to market, brand recognition, technology and the financial strength ratings of the insurance company. In particular for the variable annuity business, our living benefit rider product features and the quality of our relationship management and wholesaling support are key drivers in our competitive position. In the fixed annuity business, the crediting rates and guaranteed payout product features are the primary competitive factors, while for index-linked annuities the competitiveness of the crediting methodology is the primary driver. For income annuities, the competitiveness of the lifetime income payment amount is generally the principal factor. 
 Principal competitive factors in the life insurance business include customer service and distribution channel relationships, price, the financial strength ratings of the insurance company, technology and financial stability. For our hybrid indexed universal life with long-term care product, product features, long-term care benefits and our underwriting process are the primary competitive factors. 

18 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Index to Risk Factors 
 Page Overview 
 20 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 20 
 Economic Environment and Capital Markets-Related Risks 
 28 
 Risks Related to Our Investment Portfolio 
 31 
 Regulatory and Legal Risks 
 34 
 Operational Risks 
 37 
 Risks Related to Our Separation from, and Continuing Relationship with, MetLife 
 39 

19 

Overview 
 You should carefully consider the factors described below, in addition to the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These risk factors are important to understanding the contents of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the SEC. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. A summary of the factors described below can be found in Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Summary of Risk Factors. 
 The materialization of any risks and uncertainties set forth below or identified in Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Summary of Risk Factors contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in our other filings with the SEC or those that are presently unforeseen or that we currently believe to be immaterial could result in significant adverse effects on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. See Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Summary of Risk Factors. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 Differences between actual experience and actuarial assumptions may adversely affect our financial results, capitalization and financial condition 
 Our earnings significantly depend upon the extent to which our actual claims experience and benefit payments on our products are consistent with the assumptions we use in setting prices for our products and establishing liabilities for future policy benefits and claims. Such liabilities are established based on actuarial estimates of how much we will need to pay for future benefits and claims. To the extent that actual claims and benefits experience differs from the underlying assumptions we used in establishing such liabilities, we could be required to increase our liabilities. We make assumptions regarding policyholder behavior at the time of pricing, including regarding the selection and utilization of the guaranteed options inherent within our products, based in part on expected persistency of the products, which change the probability that a policy or contract will remain in-force from one period to the next. Persistency could be adversely affected by a number of factors, including adverse economic conditions, as well as by developments affecting policyholder perception of us, including perceptions arising from adverse publicity or any potential negative rating agency actions. The pricing of certain of our variable annuity products that contain certain living benefit guarantees is also based on assumptions about utilization rates (i.e., the percentage of contracts that will utilize the benefit during the contract duration), including the timing of the first withdrawal. Our earnings may vary based on differences between actual and expected benefit utilization. A material increase in the valuation of the liability could result to the extent that emerging and actual experience deviates from these policyholder option utilization assumptions; in certain circumstances this deviation may impair our solvency. We conduct an annual actuarial review (the AAR of the key inputs into our actuarial models that rely on management judgment and update those where we have credible evidence from actual experience, industry data or other relevant sources to ensure our price-setting criteria and reserve valuation practices continue to be appropriate. 
 Due to the nature of the underlying risks and the uncertainty associated with the determination of liabilities for future policy benefits and claims, we cannot precisely determine the amounts which we will ultimately pay to settle these liabilities. Such amounts may vary materially from the estimated amounts, particularly when those payments may not occur until well into the future. We evaluate our liabilities periodically based on accounting requirements (which change from time to time), the assumptions and models used to establish the liabilities, as well as our actual experience. If the liabilities originally established for future benefit payments and claims prove inadequate, we will be required to increase them. 
 An increase in our reserves for any of the above reasons, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and our profitability measures, as well as materially impact our capitalization, Brighthouse Life Insurance Company s ability to pay dividends, the ability of BHNY or BRCD to pay dividends or distributions to Brighthouse Life Insurance Company and our liquidity. This could in turn impact our RBC ratios and our financial strength ratings, which are necessary to support our product sales, and, in certain circumstances, ultimately impact our solvency. 
 See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Policyholder Liabilities. 
 Guarantees within certain of our annuity products may decrease our earnings, decrease our capitalization, increase the volatility of our results, result in higher risk management costs and expose us to increased market risk 
 Certain of the variable annuity products we offer include guaranteed benefits designed to protect contract holders against significant changes in equity markets and interest rates, including guaranteed minimum death benefits GMDB and 

20 

guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits GMWB ). While we continue to have guaranteed minimum accumulation benefits GMAB and guaranteed minimum income benefits GMIB in-force with respect to which we are obligated to perform, we no longer offer GMABs or GMIBs. We hold liabilities based on the value of the benefits we expect to be payable under such guarantees in excess of the contract holders projected account balances. As a result, any periods of significant and sustained negative or low separate account returns, increased equity volatility, or reduced interest rates could result in an increase in the valuation of our liabilities associated with variable annuity guarantees. 
 Additionally, we make assumptions regarding policyholder behavior at the time of pricing, including the selection and utilization of the guaranteed options inherent within our products (e.g., utilization of option to annuitize within a GMIB product). An increase in the valuation of the liability could result to the extent emerging and actual experience deviates from these policyholder persistency and option utilization assumptions. We review key actuarial assumptions used to record our variable annuity liabilities on an annual basis, including the assumptions regarding policyholder behavior. Changes to assumptions based on our AAR in future years could result in an increase in the liabilities we record for these guarantees. 
 Furthermore, our Shield Annuities are index-linked annuities with guarantees for a defined amount of equity loss protection and upside participation. If the separate account assets consisting of fixed income securities are insufficient to support the increased liabilities resulting from a period of sustained growth in the equity index on which the product is based, we may be required to fund such separate accounts with additional assets from our general account, where we manage the equity risk as part of our overall variable annuity exposure risk management strategy. To the extent policyholder persistency is different from what we anticipate in a sustained period of equity index growth, it could have an impact on our liquidity. 
 An increase in our variable annuity guarantee liabilities for any of the above reasons, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and our profitability measures, as well as materially impact our capitalization, Brighthouse Life Insurance Company s ability to pay dividends, the ability of BHNY or BRCD to pay dividends or distributions to Brighthouse Life Insurance Company and our liquidity. This could in turn impact our RBC ratios and our financial strength ratings, which are necessary to support our product sales, and, in certain circumstances, ultimately impact our solvency. 
 See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations Annual Actuarial Review. 
 Our variable annuity exposure risk management strategy may not be effective, may result in significant volatility in our profitability measures and may negatively affect our statutory capital 
 The principal focus of our variable annuity exposure risk management program is to maintain assets supporting our variable annuity contracts at or above the amount needed to support the BHF combined target RBC ratio of 400 to 450 in normal market conditions. Our exposure risk management strategy seeks to mitigate the potential adverse effects of changes in capital markets, specifically equity markets and interest rates. The strategy primarily relies on a hedging strategy using derivative instruments and, to a lesser extent, reinsurance. We utilize a combination of short-term and longer-term derivative instruments to have a laddered maturity of protection and reduce roll-over risk during periods of market disruption or higher volatility. 
 However, our hedging strategy may not be fully effective. In connection with our exposure risk management program, we may determine to seek the approval of applicable regulatory authorities to permit us to increase our hedge limits consistent with those contemplated by the program. No assurance can be given that any of our requested approvals will be obtained, and, even if obtained, any such approvals may be subject to qualifications, limitations or conditions. If our capital is depleted in the event of persistent market downturns, we may need to replenish it by contributing additional capital, which we may have allocated for other uses, or purchase additional or more expensive hedging protection. Under our hedging strategy, period to period changes in the valuation of our hedges relative to the guarantee liabilities may result in significant volatility in certain of our profitability measures, which could be more significant than has been the case historically, in certain circumstances. 
 In addition, hedging instruments we enter into may not effectively offset the costs of the guarantees within certain of our annuity products or may otherwise be insufficient in relation to our obligations. For example, in the event that derivative counterparties or central clearinghouses are unable or unwilling to pay, we remain liable for the guaranteed benefits. Furthermore, we are subject to the risk that changes in policyholder behavior or mortality, combined with adverse market events, could produce economic losses not addressed by the risk management techniques employed. 
 Finally, the cost of our hedging program may be greater than anticipated because adverse market conditions can limit the availability, and increase the costs of, the derivatives we intend to employ, and such costs may not be recovered in the pricing of the underlying products we offer. 

21 

The above factors, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and our profitability measures, as well as materially impact our capitalization, Brighthouse Life Insurance Company s ability to pay dividends, the ability of BHNY or BRCD to pay dividends or distributions to Brighthouse Life Insurance Company and our liquidity. This could in turn impact our RBC ratios and our financial strength ratings, which are necessary to support our product sales, and, in certain circumstances, ultimately impact our solvency. 
 We may not have sufficient assets to meet our future ULSG policyholder obligations, and changes in interest rates may result in net income volatility 
 The primary market risk associated with our ULSG block is the uncertainty around the future levels of U.S. interest rates and bond yields. To help ensure we have sufficient assets to meet future ULSG policyholder obligations, we have employed an actuarial approach based upon NY Regulation 126 Cash Flow Testing ULSG CFT to set our ULSG asset requirement target for BRCD, which reinsures the majority of the ULSG business written by Brighthouse Life Insurance Company. For the business retained by Brighthouse Life Insurance Company, we set our ULSG asset requirement target to equal the actuarially determined statutory reserves, which, taken together with our ULSG asset requirement target for BRCD, comprises our total ULSG asset requirement target ULSG Target ). Under the ULSG CFT approach, we assume that interest rates remain flat or lower than current levels, and our actuarial assumptions include a provision for adverse deviation. These underlying assumptions used in ULSG CFT include scenarios that are more conservative than those required under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ), which assumes a long-term upward mean reversion of interest rates and best estimate actuarial assumptions without additional provisions for adverse deviation. 
 We seek to mitigate exposure to interest rate risk associated with these liabilities by holding invested assets and interest rate derivatives to closely match our ULSG Target in different interest rate environments. 
 Our ULSG Target is sensitive to the actual and future expected level of long-term U.S. interest rates. If interest rates fall, our ULSG Target will likely increase, and conversely, if interest rates rise, our ULSG Target will likely decline. As part of our macro interest rate hedging program, we use interest rate swaps, swaptions and interest rate forwards to protect our statutory capitalization from increases in the ULSG Target in lower interest rate environments. This risk mitigation strategy may negatively impact our GAAP stockholder s equity and net income when interest rates rise and our ULSG Target likely declines, since our reported ULSG liabilities under GAAP are largely insensitive to actual fluctuations in interest rates. The ULSG liabilities under GAAP reflect changes in interest rates only when we revise our long-term assumptions due to sustained changes in the market interest rates, such as when we increased our mean reversion rate from 3.00 to 3.50 in the third quarter of 2022 following our AAR. 
 Our interest rate derivative instruments may not effectively offset the costs of our ULSG policyholder obligations or may otherwise be insufficient. In addition, this risk mitigation strategy may fail to adequately cover a scenario under which our obligations are higher than projected and may be required to sell investments to cover these increased obligations. If our liquid investments are depleted, we may need to sell higher-yielding, less liquid assets or take other actions, including utilizing contingent liquidity sources or raising capital. The above factors, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations, or our profitability measures, as well as materially impact our capitalization, Brighthouse Life Insurance Company s ability to pay dividends, the ability of BHNY or BRCD to pay dividends or distributions to Brighthouse Life Insurance Company and our liquidity. This could in turn impact our RBC ratios and our financial strength ratings, which are necessary to support our product sales, and in certain circumstances could ultimately impact our solvency. 
 Changes in accounting standards issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board may adversely affect our financial statements 
 Our financial statements are subject to the application of GAAP, which is periodically revised by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ). Accordingly, from time to time we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards or interpretations issued by the FASB. The impact of accounting pronouncements that have been issued but not yet implemented is disclosed in our reports filed with the SEC. See Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The FASB issued an accounting standards update ASU in August 2018 that will result in significant changes to the accounting for long-duration insurance contracts LDTI ). LDTI became effective as of January 1, 2023. LDTI is expected to have a significant impact on the Company s financial statements, including total stockholder s equity, as all of our variable annuity guarantees will be considered market risk benefits and measured at fair value, whereas today a significant amount of our variable annuity guarantees are classified as insurance liabilities. Such financial statement impacts will be highly dependent on market conditions, especially interest rates, and they could change the pattern of the Company s earnings. In addition, LDTI could have a material adverse effect on our leverage ratios and other rating agency metrics, which could also adversely impact our financial strength ratings and our ability to incur new indebtedness or refinance our existing 

22 

indebtedness. See A downgrade or a potential downgrade in our financial strength ratings could result in a loss of business and materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations as well as Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the estimated impacts of LDTI. 
 A downgrade or a potential downgrade in our financial strength ratings could result in a loss of business and materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations 
 Downgrades in our financial strength ratings or changes to our ratings outlooks could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations in many ways, including: 
 reducing new sales of insurance products and annuity products; 
 limiting our access to distributors; 
 adversely affecting our relationships with independent sales intermediaries; 
 increasing the number or amount of policy surrenders and withdrawals by contract holders and policyholders; 
 requiring us to reduce prices for many of our products and services to remain competitive; 
 providing termination rights for the benefit of our derivative instrument counterparties; 
 providing termination rights to cedents under assumed reinsurance contracts; 
 adversely affecting our ability to obtain reinsurance at reasonable prices, if at all; 
 subjecting us to potentially increased regulatory scrutiny; 
 limiting our access to capital markets or other contingent funding sources; and 
 potentially increasing our cost of capital, which could adversely affect our liquidity. 
 Credit rating agencies may continue to review and adjust their ratings for the companies that they rate, including us. The credit rating agencies also evaluate the insurance industry as a whole and may change our financial strength rating based on their overall view of our industry. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Rating Agencies for additional information regarding our financial strength ratings, including current ratings and outlooks. 
 An inability to access credit facilities could result in a reduction in our liquidity and lead to downgrades in Brighthouse Financial s credit ratings and our financial strength ratings 
 Brighthouse Financial had 3.2 billion of total long-term consolidated indebtedness outstanding at December 31, 2022, consisting of debt securities issued to its investors. BHF also has a 1.0 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility maturing April 15, 2027 (the Revolving Credit Facility ). The right to borrow funds under the Revolving Credit Facility is subject to the fulfillment of certain conditions, including compliance with all covenants. Failure to comply with the covenants in the Revolving Credit Facility or to fulfill the conditions to borrowings, or the failure of lenders to fund their lending commitments in the amounts provided for under the terms of the Revolving Credit Facility (whether due to insolvency, illiquidity or other reasons), would restrict BHF s ability to access the Revolving Credit Facility when needed and, consequently, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 Reinsurance may not be available, affordable or adequate to protect us against losses 
 As part of our overall risk management strategy, Brighthouse Life Insurance Company and BHNY may purchase reinsurance from third-party reinsurers for certain risks we underwrite. While reinsurance agreements generally bind the reinsurer for the life of the business reinsured at generally fixed pricing, market conditions beyond our control determine the availability and cost of the reinsurance protection for new business. The premium rates and other fees that we charge for our products are based, in part, on the assumption that reinsurance will be available at a certain cost. Some of our reinsurance contracts contain provisions that limit the reinsurer s ability to increase rates on in-force business; however, some do not. We have faced a number of rate increase actions on in-force business in recent years and may face additional increases in the future. There can be no assurance that the outcome of any future rate increase actions would not have a material effect on our financial condition and results of operations. If a reinsurer raises the rates that it charges on a block of in-force business, in some instances, we will not be able to pass the increased costs onto our customers and our profitability will be negatively impacted. Additionally, such a rate increase could result in our recapturing the reinsured business, which would result in a need to maintain additional reserves, reduce reinsurance receivables and expose us to greater risks. Accordingly, we may be forced to incur additional expenses for reinsurance or may not be able to obtain sufficient reinsurance on acceptable terms, 

23 

which could adversely affect our ability to write future business or result in an increase in the amount of risk that we retain with respect to those policies we issue. See Business Reinsurance Activity. 
 If the counterparties to our reinsurance or indemnification arrangements or to the derivatives we use to hedge our business risks default or fail to perform, we may be exposed to risks we had sought to mitigate, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations 
 We use reinsurance, indemnification and derivatives to mitigate our risks in various circumstances. In general, reinsurance, indemnification and derivatives do not relieve us of our direct liability to our policyholders, even when a third party is liable to us. Accordingly, we bear credit risk with respect to our reinsurers, indemnitors, counterparties and central clearinghouses. A reinsurer s, indemnitor s, counterparty s or central clearinghouse s insolvency, inability or unwillingness to make payments under the terms of reinsurance agreements, indemnity agreements or derivatives agreements with us or inability or unwillingness to return collateral could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We cede a large block of long-term care insurance business to certain affiliates of Genworth, which results in a significant concentration of reinsurance risk. The Genworth reinsurers obligations to us are secured by trust accounts and Citigroup has agreed to indemnify us for losses and certain other payment obligations we might incur with respect to this business. Notwithstanding these arrangements, if the Genworth reinsurers become insolvent and the amounts in the trust accounts are insufficient to pay their obligations to us, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. See Business Reinsurance Activity Unaffiliated Third-Party Reinsurance. 
 In addition, we use derivatives to hedge various business risks. We enter into a variety of OTC-bilateral and OTC-cleared derivatives, including options, forwards, interest rate, credit default and currency swaps. If our counterparties, clearing brokers or central clearinghouses fail or refuse to honor their obligations under these derivatives, our hedges of the related risk will be ineffective. Such failure could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may not be able to take credit for reinsurance, our statutory life insurance reserve financings may be subject to cost increases and new financings may be subject to limited market capacity 
 We currently utilize reinsurance and capital markets solutions to mitigate the capital impact of the statutory reserve requirements for several of our products, including, but not limited to, our level premium term life products subject to Regulation XXX and ULSG subject to Guideline AXXX. Our primary solution involves BRCD, our affiliated reinsurance subsidiary. See Business Reinsurance Activity Affiliated Reinsurance. BRCD obtained statutory reserve financing through a funding structure involving a single financing arrangement supported by a pool of highly rated third-party reinsurers. In connection with this financing arrangement, BRCD, with the explicit permission of the Delaware Commissioner, has included the value of credit-linked notes as admitted assets. See Notes 9 and 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of the financing arrangement and this associated permitted practice. The financing facility matures in 2039, and we may therefore need to refinance this facility in the future. 
 The NAIC adopted AG 48, which regulates the terms of captive insurer arrangements that are entered into or amended in certain ways after December 31, 2014. See Business Regulation Insurance Regulation Captive Reinsurer Regulation. There can be no assurance that, in light of AG 48, future rules and regulations, or changes in interpretations by state insurance departments, we will be able to continue to efficiently implement these arrangements, nor can there be assurances that future capacity for these arrangements will be available in the marketplace. To the extent we cannot continue to efficiently implement these arrangements, our statutory capitalization, financial condition and results of operations, as well as our competitiveness, could be adversely affected. 

24 

Factors affecting our competitiveness may adversely affect our market share and profitability 
 We believe competition among insurance companies is based on a number of factors, including service, product features, scale, price, actual or perceived financial strength, claims-paying ratings, financial strength ratings, e-business capabilities and name recognition. We face intense competition from a large number of other insurance companies, as well as non-insurance financial services companies (e.g., banks, broker-dealers and asset managers). In addition, certain of our distributors also currently offer their own competing products or may offer competing products in the future. Some of our competitors offer a broader array of products, have more competitive pricing or, with respect to other insurance companies, have higher claims-paying ability and financial strength ratings. Some may also have greater financial resources with which to compete. In some circumstances, national banks that sell annuity products of life insurers may also have a pre-existing customer base for financial services products. These competitive pressures may adversely affect the persistency of our products, as well as our ability to sell our products in the future. In addition, new and disruptive technologies may present competitive risks. If, as a result of competitive factors or otherwise, we are unable to generate a sufficient return on insurance policies and annuity products we sell in the future, we may stop selling such policies and products, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. See Business Competition. 
 We have limited control over many of our costs. For example, we have limited control over the cost of unaffiliated third-party reinsurance, the cost of meeting changing regulatory requirements, and our cost to access capital or financing. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve or maintain a cost advantage over our competitors. If our cost structure increases and we are not able to achieve or maintain a cost advantage over our competitors, it could have a material adverse effect on our ability to execute our strategy, as well as on our financial condition and results of operations. If we hold substantially more capital than is needed to support financial strength ratings that are commensurate with our business strategy, over time, our competitive position could be adversely affected. 
 In addition, the highly regulated nature of our business, as well as the legislative or other changes affecting the regulatory environment for our business may over time, affect our competitive position within the annuities and life insurance industry, and within the broader financial services industry. See Regulatory and Legal Risks and Business Regulation. 
 We may experience difficulty in marketing and distributing products through our distribution channels 
 We distribute our products through a variety of third-party distribution channels. Our agreements with our third-party distributors may be terminated by either party with or without cause. We may periodically renegotiate the terms of these agreements, and there can be no assurance that such terms will remain acceptable to us or such third parties. If we are unable to maintain our relationships, our sales of individual insurance, annuities and investment products could decline, and our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Our distributors may elect to suspend, alter, reduce or terminate their distribution relationships with us for various reasons, including changes in our distribution strategy, adverse developments in our business, adverse rating agency actions, or concerns about market-related risks. We are also at risk that key distribution partners may merge, consolidate, change their business models in ways that affect how our products are sold, or terminate their distribution contracts with us, or that new distribution channels could emerge in the marketplace, any of which could adversely impact the effectiveness of our distribution efforts. Also, if we are unsuccessful in attracting and retaining key internal associates who conduct our business, including wholesalers, our sales could decline. 
 An interruption or significant change in certain key relationships could materially affect our ability to market our products and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we rely on a core number of our distributors to produce the majority of our sales. If any one such distributor were to terminate its relationship with us or reduce the amount of sales which it produces for us, our results of operations could be adversely affected. An increase in bank and broker-dealer consolidation activity could increase competition for access to distributors, result in greater distribution expenses and impair our ability to market products through these channels. Consolidation of distributors or other industry changes may also increase the likelihood that distributors will try to renegotiate the terms of any existing selling agreements to terms less favorable to us. 
 Because our products are distributed through unaffiliated firms, we may not be able to monitor or control the manner of their distribution despite our training and compliance programs. If our products are distributed by such firms in an inappropriate manner, or to customers for whom such products are not in the best interest, we may suffer reputational and other harm to our business. 
 We compete with major, well-established stock and mutual life insurance companies and non-insurance financial services companies (e.g., banks, broker-dealers and asset managers) in all of our product offerings, and our distributors sell such competitors products along with our products. In addition, certain of our distributors currently offer their own competing products or may offer competing products in the future. If our distributors concentrate their efforts in selling their firm s own products or our other competitors products instead of ours, our sales could be adversely impacted. 

25 

The failure of third parties to provide various services to us, or any failure of the practices and procedures that these third parties use to provide services to us, could have a material adverse effect on our business 
 A key part of our operating strategy is to leverage third parties to deliver certain services important to our business, including administrative, operational, technology, financial, investment and actuarial services. There can be no assurance that the services provided to us by third parties (or their suppliers, vendors or subcontractors) will be sufficient to meet our operational and business needs, that such third parties will continue to be able to perform their functions in a manner satisfactory to us, that the practices and procedures of such third parties will continue to enable them to adequately manage any processes they handle on our behalf, or that any remedies available under these third-party arrangements will be sufficient in the event of a dispute or nonperformance. In addition, as we transition to new third-party service providers and convert certain administrative systems or platforms, certain issues have occurred in the past and may arise again in the future. There can be no assurance that in connection with any such conversions, transitions to new third-party service providers, or in connection with any of the services provided to us by third parties (or such third party s supplier, vendor or subcontractor), we will not incur unanticipated expenses or experience other economic or reputational harm, service delays or interruptions, or be subject to litigation or regulatory investigations and actions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 Furthermore, if a third-party provider (or such third-party s supplier, vendor or subcontractor) fails to meet contractual requirements (e.g., compliance with applicable laws and regulations or fails to provide material information on a timely basis), fails to provide required services due to the loss of key personnel or otherwise, or suffers a cyberattack or other security breach, then, in each case, we could suffer economic and reputational harm that could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial reporting. In addition, such failures could result in the loss of key distributors, impact the accuracy of our financial reporting, or subject us to litigation or regulatory investigations and actions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. See Risks Related to Our Business We may experience difficulty in marketing and distributing products through our distribution channels and Operational Risks Any failure in cyber- or other information security systems, as well as the occurrence of events unanticipated in Brighthouse Financial s or our third-party service providers disaster recovery systems and business continuity planning could result in a loss or disclosure of confidential information, damage to our reputation and impairment of our ability to conduct business effectively. 
 Similarly, if any third-party provider (or such third-party s supplier, vendor or subcontractor) experiences any deficiency in internal controls, determines that its practices and procedures used in providing services to us (including administering any of our policies or managing any of our investments) require review, or it otherwise fails to provide services to us in accordance with appropriate standards, we could incur expenses and experience other adverse effects as a result. In such situations, we may be unable to resolve any issues on our own without assistance from the third-party provider, and we could have limited ability to influence the speed and effectiveness of that resolution. 
 In addition, from time to time, certain third parties have brought to our attention practices, procedures and reserves with respect to certain products they administer on our behalf that require further review. While we do not believe, based on the information made available to us to date, that any of the matters brought to our attention will require material modifications to reserves or have a material effect on our business and financial reporting, we are reliant on our third-party service providers to provide further information and assistance with respect to those products. There can also be no assurance that such matters will not require material modifications to reserves or have a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations in the future, or that our third-party service providers will provide further information and assistance. 
 It may be difficult, disruptive and more expensive for us to replace some of our third-party providers in a timely manner if in the future they were unwilling or unable to provide us with the services we require (as a result of their financial or business conditions or otherwise), and our business and financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In addition, if a third-party provider raises the rates that it charges us for its services, we may not be able to pass the increased costs onto our customers and our profitability may be negatively impacted. 

26 

Changes in our deferred income tax assets or liabilities, including changes in our ability to realize our deferred income tax assets, could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations 
 Deferred income tax represents the tax effect of the differences between the book and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred income tax assets are assessed periodically by management to determine whether they are realizable. Factors in management s determination include the performance of the business, including the ability to generate future taxable income. If, based on available information, it is more likely than not that the deferred income tax asset will not be realized, then a valuation allowance must be established with a corresponding charge to our profitability measures. Such charges could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Changes in the statutory tax rate or other tax law changes could also affect the value of our deferred income tax assets and may require a write-off of some of those assets. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates. 
 Risks associated with climate change could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Climate change could pose a systemic risk to the global financial system. Climate change could increase the frequency and severity of weather-related disasters and pandemics. Efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and limit global warming could impact global investment asset valuations. There is also a risk that some asset sectors could face significantly higher costs and a disorderly adjustment to asset values leading to an adverse impact on the value and future performance of investment assets as a result of climate change or regulatory or other responses. Climate change could also impact our counterparties and other third parties, including, among others, reinsurers and derivatives counterparties. Increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from investors, customers, regulators, and other stakeholders regarding climate change matters may adversely affect our reputation. The above risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Public health crises, extreme mortality events or similar occurrences may adversely impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations, as well as the economy in general 
 Public health crises, extreme mortality events or other similar occurrences, such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, could have a major impact on the global economy and the financial markets or the economies of particular countries or regions, including market volatility and disruptions to commerce, the health system, and the food supply, as well as reduced economic activity and labor shortages. In addition, a public health crisis that affected our associates or the employees of our distributors or of other companies with which we do business, including providers of third-party services, could disrupt our business operations. Furthermore, the value of our investment portfolio could be negatively impacted. See Risks Related to Our Investment Portfolio Ongoing military actions, the continued threat of terrorism, climate change as well as other catastrophic events may adversely affect the value of our investment portfolio and the level of claim losses we incur. 
 Economic uncertainty resulting from a public health crisis or similar event could impact sales of certain of our products, and we may decide or otherwise be required to provide relief to customers adversely affected by such an event, similar to the relief we provided in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 With respect to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, it continues to not be possible to estimate the severity, duration and frequency of any additional waves or emerging variants of COVID-19. 
 In addition, our life insurance operations are exposed to the risk of catastrophic mortality, such as a pandemic or other event that causes a large number of deaths. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic is ongoing and several significant influenza pandemics have occurred in the last century. The likelihood, timing, and severity of a future pandemic that may impact our policyholders cannot be predicted. Moreover, the impact of climate change could cause changes in the frequency or severity of outbreaks of certain diseases. Circumstances resulting from a public health crisis or similar event could affect, and the COVID-19 pandemic has affected, and may continue to affect, the incidence of claims, utilization of benefits, lapses or surrenders of policies and payments on insurance premiums, any of which could impact the revenues and expenses associated with our products. 
 Consistent with industry practice and accounting standards, we establish liabilities for claims arising from a catastrophe only after assessing the probable losses arising from the event. We cannot be certain that the liabilities we have established will be adequate to cover actual claim liabilities. A catastrophic event or multiple catastrophic events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Conversely, improvements in medical care and other developments which positively affect life expectancy can cause our assumptions with respect to longevity, which we use when we price our products, to become incorrect and, accordingly, can adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

27 

We could face difficulties, unforeseen liabilities, asset impairments or rating actions arising from business acquisitions or dispositions 
 We may engage in dispositions and acquisitions of businesses. Such activity exposes us to a number of risks arising from (i) potential difficulties achieving projected financial results, including the costs and benefits of integration or deconsolidation; (ii) unforeseen liabilities or asset impairments; (iii) the scope and duration of rights to indemnification for losses; (iv) the use of capital which could be used for other purposes; (v) rating agency reactions; (vi) regulatory requirements that could impact our operations or capital requirements; (vii) changes in statutory accounting principles or GAAP, practices or policies; and (viii) certain other risks specifically arising from activities relating to a legal entity reorganization. 
 Our ability to achieve certain financial benefits we anticipate from any acquisitions of businesses will depend, in part, upon our ability to successfully integrate such businesses in an efficient and effective manner. There may be liabilities or asset impairments that we fail, or are unable, to discover in the course of performing acquisition-related due diligence investigations. Furthermore, even for obligations and liabilities that we do discover during the due diligence process, neither the valuation adjustment nor the contractual protections we negotiate may be sufficient to fully protect us from losses. 
 We may from time to time dispose of business or blocks of in-force business through outright sales, reinsurance transactions or by alternate means. After a disposition, we may remain liable to the acquirer or to third parties for certain losses or costs arising from the divested business or on other bases. We also may not realize the anticipated profit on a disposition or incur a loss on the disposition. In anticipation of any disposition, we may need to restructure our operations, which could disrupt such operations and affect our ability to recruit key personnel needed to operate and grow such business pending the completion of such transaction. In addition, the actions of key employees of the business to be divested could adversely affect the success of such disposition as they may be more focused on obtaining employment, or the terms of their employment, than on maximizing the value of the business to be divested. Furthermore, transition services or tax arrangements related to any such disposition could further disrupt our operations and may impose restrictions, liabilities, losses or indemnification obligations on us. Depending on its particulars, a disposition could increase our exposure to certain risks, such as by decreasing the diversification of our sources of revenue. Moreover, we may be unable to timely dissolve all contractual relationships with the divested business in the course of the proposed transaction, which may materially adversely affect our ability to realize value from the disposition. Such disposition could also adversely affect our internal controls and procedures and impair our relationships with key customers, distributors and suppliers. An interruption or significant change in certain key relationships could materially affect our ability to market our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from investors, customers, regulators and other stakeholders regarding environmental, social and governance matters may adversely affect our reputation or otherwise adversely impact our business and results of operations 
 There is increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from investors, customers, regulators and other stakeholders on environmental, social and governance ESG practices and disclosures, including those related to environmental stewardship, climate change, diversity, equity and inclusion, racial justice and workplace conduct. Regulators have imposed and likely will continue to impose ESG-related rules and guidance, which may conflict with one another and impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks. In view of evolving regulatory expectations, growing investor interest, and changing consumer preferences and social expectations, ESG issues can represent emerging or unforeseen risks to our long-term operating performance and financial condition. Moreover, certain organizations that provide information to investors have developed ratings for evaluating companies on their approach to different ESG matters, and unfavorable ratings of the Company or our industry may lead to negative investor sentiment and the diversion of investment to other companies or industries. 
 
 Economic Environment and Capital Markets-Related Risks 
 If difficult conditions in the capital markets and the U.S. economy generally persist or are perceived to persist, they may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations 
 Our business and results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the capital markets and the U.S. economy generally, as well as by the global economy to the extent it affects the U.S. economy. In addition, while our operations are entirely in the U.S., we have foreign investments in our general and separate accounts and, accordingly, conditions in the global capital markets can affect the value of our general account and separate account assets, as well as our financial results. Actual or perceived stressed conditions, volatility and disruptions in financial asset classes or various capital markets can have an adverse effect on us, both because we have a large investment portfolio and our benefit and claim liabilities are sensitive to changing market factors, including interest rates, credit spreads, equity and commodity prices, derivative prices and availability, real estate markets, foreign currency exchange rates and the returns and volatility of capital markets. In an 

28 

economic downturn characterized by rapid increases in inflation, higher unemployment, lower family income, lower corporate earnings, lower business investment or lower consumer spending, the demand for our products could be adversely affected as customers are unwilling or unable to purchase them. In addition, we may experience an elevated incidence of claims, adverse utilization of benefits relative to our best estimate expectations and lapses or surrenders of policies. Furthermore, our policyholders may choose to defer paying insurance premiums or stop paying insurance premiums altogether. Such adverse changes in the economy could negatively affect our earnings and capitalization and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, our results of operations, Brighthouse Life Insurance Company s ability to pay dividends and the ability of BHNY or BRCD to pay dividends or distributions to Brighthouse Life Insurance Company. 
 Significant market volatility in reaction to geopolitical risks, changing monetary policy, trade disputes and uncertain fiscal policy may exacerbate some of the risks we face. Increased market volatility may affect the performance of the various asset classes in which we invest, as well as separate account values. 
 Extreme declines or shocks in equity markets, such as sustained stagnation in equity markets and low interest rates, could cause us to incur significant capital or operating losses due to, among other reasons, the impact of guarantees related to our annuity products, including increases in liabilities, increased capital requirements, or collateral requirements. Furthermore, periods of sustained stagnation in equity and bond markets, which are characterized by multiple years of low annualized total returns impacting the growth in separate accounts or low level of U.S. interest rates, may materially increase our insurance contract liabilities due to inherent market return guarantees in these liabilities. Similarly, sustained periods of low interest rates and risk asset returns could reduce income from our investment portfolio, increase our insurance contract liabilities, and increase the cost of risk transfer measures such as hedging, causing our profit margins to erode as a result of reduced investment portfolio income and increased insurance liabilities. See also Risks Related to Our Business Guarantees within certain of our annuity products may decrease our earnings, decrease our capitalization, increase the volatility of our results, result in higher risk management costs and expose us to increased market risk and Risks Related to Our Business Public health crises, extreme mortality events or similar occurrences may adversely impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations, as well as the economy in general. 
 Adverse capital and credit market conditions may significantly affect our ability to meet liquidity needs and our access to capital 
 The capital and credit markets may be subject to periods of extreme volatility. Disruptions in capital markets could adversely affect our liquidity and credit capacity or limit our access to capital which may in the future be needed to operate our business and meet policyholder obligations. 
 We need liquidity to pay our operating expenses, pay interest on our indebtedness, provide our subsidiaries with cash or collateral, maintain our securities lending activities and replace certain maturing liabilities. Without sufficient liquidity, we could be forced to curtail our operations and limit the investments necessary to grow our business. 
 Our principal sources of liquidity are insurance premiums and fees paid in connection with annuity products, and cash flow from our investment portfolio to the extent consisting of cash and readily marketable securities. 
 In the event capital markets or other conditions have an adverse impact on our capital and liquidity, or our stress-testing indicates that such conditions could have an adverse impact beyond expectations and our current resources do not satisfy our needs or regulatory requirements, we may have to seek additional financing to enhance our capital and liquidity position. The availability of additional financing will depend on a variety of factors, such as the then current market conditions, regulatory capital requirements, availability of credit to us and the financial services industry generally, our financial strength ratings and financial leverage, and the perception of our customers and lenders regarding our long- or short-term financial prospects if we incur large operating or investment losses or if the level of our business activity decreases due to a market downturn. Similarly, our access to funds may be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against us. Our internal sources of liquidity may prove to be insufficient and, in such case, we may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing on favorable terms, or at all. 
 In addition, our liquidity requirements may change if, among other things, we are required to return significant amounts of cash collateral on short notice under securities lending agreements or other collateral requirements. See Risks Related to Our Investment Portfolio Our investment portfolio is subject to significant financial risks both in the U.S. and global financial markets, including credit risk, interest rate risk, inflation risk, market valuation risk, liquidity risk, real estate risk, derivatives risk, and other factors outside our control, the occurrence of any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and statutory capital position could be materially adversely affected by disruptions in the financial markets, as such disruptions may limit our ability to replace, in a timely manner, 

29 

maturing liabilities, satisfy regulatory capital requirements, and access the capital that may be necessary to grow our business. See Regulatory and Legal Risks Our business is highly regulated, and changes in regulation and in supervisory and enforcement policies or interpretations thereof may materially impact our capitalization or cash flows, reduce our profitability and limit our growth. As a result, we may be forced to delay raising capital, issue different types of securities than we would have otherwise, less effectively deploy such capital, issue shorter tenor securities than we prefer, or bear an unattractive cost of capital, which could decrease our profitability and significantly reduce our financial flexibility. 
 We are exposed to significant financial and capital markets risks which may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity, and may cause our profitability measures to vary from period to period 
 Economic risks and other factors described below, as well as significant volatility in the markets, individually or collectively, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows through a change in our insurance liabilities or increases in reserves for future policyholder benefits. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Some of our current or anticipated future products, principally traditional life, universal life and fixed index-linked and income annuities, as well as funding agreements and structured settlements, expose us to the risk that changes in interest rates will reduce our investment margin or net investment spread, or the difference between the amounts that we are required to pay under the contracts in our general account and the rate of return we earn on general account investments intended to support the obligations under such contracts. Our net investment spread is a key component of our profitability measures. 
 Although reducing interest crediting rates can help offset decreases in net investment spreads on some products, our ability to reduce these rates is limited to the portion of our in-force product portfolio that has adjustable interest crediting rates and could be limited by the actions of our competitors or contractually guaranteed minimum rates and may not match the timing or magnitude of changes in asset yields. As a result, our net investment spread would decrease or potentially become negative, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Policyholder Liabilities. 
 An increase in interest rates could result in decreased fee revenue associated with a decline in the value of variable annuity account balances invested in fixed income funds. In addition, during periods of declining interest rates, our return on investments that do not support particular policy obligations may decrease. During periods of sustained lower interest rates, our reserves for policy liabilities may not be sufficient to meet future policy obligations and may need to be strengthened. Accordingly, declining and sustained lower interest rates may materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations, Brighthouse Life Insurance Company s ability to pay dividends and the ability of BHNY or BRCD to pay dividends or distributions to Brighthouse Life Insurance Company, and significantly reduce our profitability. We may therefore have to accept a lower credit spread and lower profitability or face a decline in sales and greater loss of existing contracts and related assets. 
 In addition, because the macro interest rate hedging program is primarily a risk mitigation strategy intended to reduce our risk to statutory capitalization and long-term economic exposures from sustained low levels of interest rates, this strategy will likely result in higher net income volatility due to the insensitivity of related ULSG GAAP liabilities to the change in interest rate levels. This strategy may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. See Risks Related to Our Business We may not have sufficient assets to meet our future ULSG policyholder obligations and changes in interest rates may result in net income volatility. 
 Inflation Risk 
 Inflation increases expenses (including, among others, for labor and third-party services), potentially putting pressure on profitability in the event that such additional costs cannot be passed through to policyholders. High inflation could also cause a change in consumer sentiment and behavior adversely affecting the sales of certain of our products. 
 Equity Risk 
 Our primary equity risk relates to the potential for lower earnings associated with certain of our businesses where fee income is earned based upon the estimated market value of the separate account assets and other assets related to our variable annuity business. Because fees generated by such products are primarily related to the value of the separate account assets and other assets under management, a decline in the equity markets could reduce our revenues as a result of the reduction in the value of the investment assets supporting those products and services. We seek to mitigate the impact of such exposure to weak or stagnant equity markets through the use of derivatives, reinsurance and capital management. However, such derivatives and reinsurance may become less available and, if they remain available, their price could 

30 

materially increase in a period characterized by volatile equity markets. The risk of stagnation in equity market returns cannot be addressed by hedging. 
 See Risks Related to Our Business Guarantees within certain of our annuity products may decrease our earnings, decrease our capitalization, increase the volatility of our results, result in higher risk management costs and expose us to increased market risk. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Investment Portfolio 
 Our investment portfolio is subject to significant financial risks both in the U.S. and global financial markets, including credit risk, interest rate risk, inflation risk, market valuation risk, liquidity risk, real estate risk, derivatives risk, and other factors outside our control, the occurrence of any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations 
 Credit Risk 
 Fixed income securities and mortgage loans represent a significant portion of our investment portfolio. We are also subject to the risk that the issuers or guarantors of the fixed income securities and mortgage loans in our investment portfolio may default on principal and interest payments they owe us. In addition, the underlying collateral within asset-backed securities ABS ), including mortgage-backed securities, may default on principal and interest payments causing an adverse change in cash flows. The occurrence of a major economic downturn, acts of corporate malfeasance, widening mortgage or credit spreads, or other events that adversely affect the issuers, guarantors or underlying collateral of these securities and mortgage loans could cause the estimated fair value of our portfolio of fixed income securities and mortgage loans and our earnings to decline and the default rate of the fixed income securities and mortgage loans in our investment portfolio to increase. 
 Defaults or deteriorating credit of other financial institutions could adversely affect us as we have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, central clearinghouses, commercial banks, investment banks, hedge funds and investment funds and other financial institutions. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of the default of our counterparty. In addition, with respect to secured transactions, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by us cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due to us. We also have exposure to these financial institutions in the form of unsecured debt instruments, non-redeemable and redeemable preferred securities, derivatives, joint ventures and equity investments. Any losses or impairments to the carrying value of these investments or other changes could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to certain risks in a variety of interest rate environments. When interest rates are low, we may be forced to reinvest proceeds from investments that have matured or have been prepaid or sold at lower yields, which will reduce our net investment income. Moreover, borrowers may prepay or redeem the fixed income securities and commercial, agricultural or residential mortgage loans in our investment portfolio with greater frequency in order to borrow at lower market rates, thereby exacerbating this risk. 
 Increases in interest rates could negatively affect our profitability. In periods of rapidly increasing interest rates, similar to those experienced in 2022, we may not be able to replace, in a timely manner, the investments in our general account with higher-yielding investments needed to fund the higher crediting rates necessary to keep interest rate sensitive products competitive. In addition, as interest rates rise, policy loans, surrenders and withdrawals may increase as policyholders seek investments with higher perceived returns. This process may result in cash outflows requiring that we sell investments at a time when the prices of those investments are adversely affected by the increase in interest rates, which may result in realized investment losses. An increase in interest rates could also have a material adverse effect on the value of our investments, for example, by decreasing the estimated fair values of the fixed income securities and mortgage loans that comprise a significant portion of our investment portfolio. 
 Inflation Risk 
 A sustained or material increase in inflation could affect our business in several ways. During inflationary periods, the value of fixed income investments may fall, which could increase realized and unrealized losses. Interest rates have increased and may continue to increase due to central bank policy responses to combat inflation, which may positively impact our business in certain respects, but could also increase the risk of a recession or an equity market downturn and could negatively impact various portions of our business, including our investment portfolio. Prolonged and elevated 

31 

inflation could adversely affect the financial markets and the economy generally, and dispelling it may require governments to pursue a restrictive fiscal and monetary policy, which could constrain overall economic activity and inhibit revenue growth. 
 Market Valuation Risk 
 Market valuation risk relates to the variability in the estimated fair value of investments associated with changes in market factors. Our portfolio s market valuation risks include the following: 
 Credit Spread Risk We are exposed to credit spread risk primarily as a result of market price volatility and investment risk associated with the fluctuation in credit spreads. Widening credit spreads may cause unrealized losses in our investment portfolio and increase losses associated with written credit protection derivatives used in replication transactions. Additionally, an increase in credit spreads relative to U.S. Treasury benchmarks can also adversely affect the cost of our borrowing if we need to access credit markets. Tightening credit spreads may reduce our investment income and cause an increase in the reported value of certain liabilities that are valued using a discount rate that reflects our own credit spread. 
 Risks Related to Equity Markets A portion of our investments are in leveraged buy-out funds and other private equity funds. The amount and timing of net investment income from such funds tends to be uneven as a result of the performance of the underlying investments. As a result, the amount of net investment income from these investments can vary substantially from period to period. Significant volatility could adversely impact returns and net investment income on these investments. In addition, the estimated fair value of such investments may be affected by downturns or volatility in equity or other markets. 
 Risks Related to the Valuation of Securities Fixed maturity and equity securities, as well as short-term investments that are reported at estimated fair value, represent the majority of our total cash and investments. See Note 1 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on how we calculate fair value. During periods of market disruption, including periods of significantly rising or high interest rates, rapidly widening credit spreads or illiquidity, it may be difficult to value certain of our securities if trading becomes less frequent or market data becomes less observable. In addition, in times of financial market disruption, certain asset classes that were in active markets with significant observable data may become illiquid. In those cases, the valuation process includes inputs that are less observable and require more subjectivity and management judgment. Valuations may result in estimated fair values which vary significantly from the amount at which the investments may ultimately be sold. Further, rapidly changing and unprecedented credit and equity market conditions could materially impact the valuation of securities as reported within our consolidated financial statements and the period-to-period changes in estimated fair value could vary significantly. Decreases in the estimated fair value of securities we hold could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to the Determination of Allowances and Impairments The determination of the amount of allowances and impairments is subjective and varies by investment type, which is based on our periodic evaluation and assessment of known and inherent risks associated with the respective asset class. However, historical trends may not be indicative of future impairments or allowances. 
 Gross Unrealized Losses on Fixed Maturity Securities and Related Impairment Risks Unrealized gains or losses on fixed maturity securities classified as available-for-sale AFS securities are recognized as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) OCI and are, therefore, excluded from our profitability measures. The accumulated change in estimated fair value of these AFS securities is recognized in our profitability measures when the gain or loss is realized upon the sale of the security or in the event that the decline in estimated fair value is determined to be credit-related and impairment charges are taken. 
 Defaults, Downgrades or Other Events Affecting Issuers or Guarantors of Securities and Related Impairment Risks The occurrence of a major economic downturn, acts of corporate malfeasance, widening credit spreads, or other events that adversely affect the issuers or guarantors of securities or the underlying collateral of residential mortgage-backed securities RMBS ), commercial mortgage-backed securities CMBS and ABS (collectively, Structured Securities could cause the estimated fair value of our fixed maturity securities portfolio and corresponding net investment income to decline and cause the default rate of the fixed maturity securities in our portfolio to increase. A ratings downgrade affecting issuers or guarantors of particular securities, or similar trends that could worsen the credit quality of issuers, such as the corporate issuers of securities in our portfolio, could also have a similar effect. Economic uncertainty can adversely affect credit quality of issuers or guarantors. Similarly, a ratings downgrade affecting a security we hold could indicate the credit quality of that 

32 

security has deteriorated and could increase the capital we must hold to support that security to maintain our RBC levels. Our intent to sell or assessment of the likelihood that we would be required to sell fixed maturity securities that have declined in value may affect the level of write-downs or impairments. 
 Liquidity Risk 
 There may be a limited market for certain investments we hold in our investment portfolio, making them relatively illiquid. These include privately-placed fixed maturity securities, derivative instruments such as options, mortgage loans, policy loans, leveraged leases, other limited partnership interests, and real estate equity, such as real estate limited partnerships, limited liability companies and funds. In the past, even some of our very high-quality investments experienced reduced liquidity during periods of market volatility or disruption. If we were forced to sell certain of our investments during periods of market volatility or disruption, market prices may be lower than our carrying value in such investments. This could result in realized losses which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations, as well as our financial ratios, which could affect compliance with our credit instruments and rating agency capital adequacy measures. Moreover, our ability to sell assets could be limited if other market participants are seeking to sell fungible or similar assets at the same time. 
 Similarly, we loan blocks of our securities to third parties (primarily brokerage firms and commercial banks) through our securities lending program, including fixed maturity securities and short-term investments. 
 If we are required to return significant amounts of cash collateral in connection with our securities lending or otherwise need significant amounts of cash on short notice and we are forced to sell securities, we may have difficulty selling such collateral that is invested in securities in a timely manner, be forced to sell securities in a volatile or illiquid market for less than we otherwise would have been able to realize in normal market conditions, or both. In the event of a forced sale, accounting guidance requires the recognition of a loss for securities in an unrealized loss position and may require the impairment of other securities based on our ability to hold those securities, which would negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations, as well as our financial ratios, which could affect compliance with our credit instruments and rating agency capital adequacy measures. In addition, under stressful capital markets and economic conditions, liquidity broadly deteriorates, which could further restrict our ability to sell securities. Furthermore, if we decrease the amount of our securities lending activities over time, the amount of net investment income generated by these activities will also likely decline. 
 Real Estate Risk 
 A portion of our investment portfolio consists of mortgage loans on commercial, agricultural and residential real estate. Our exposure to this risk stems from various factors, including the supply and demand of leasable commercial space, creditworthiness of tenants and partners, capital markets volatility, interest rate fluctuations, agricultural prices and farm incomes. Although we manage credit risk and market valuation risk for our commercial, agricultural and residential real estate assets through geographic, property type and product type diversification and asset allocation, general economic conditions in the commercial, agricultural and residential real estate sectors will continue to influence the performance of these investments. These factors, which are beyond our control, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows. 
 Mortgage loans in our portfolio also face default risk. An increase in the default rate of our mortgage loan investments or fluctuations in their performance could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Further, any geographic or property type concentration of the mortgage loans in our portfolio may have adverse effects on our portfolio and, consequently, on our financial condition and results of operations. Events or developments that have a negative effect on any particular geographic region or sector may have a greater adverse effect on our investment portfolio to the extent that the portfolio is concentrated. See Notes 6 and 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Derivatives Risk 
 We use a variety of strategies to manage risk related to our ongoing business operations, including the use of derivatives. Our derivatives counterparties defaults could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, ratings downgrades or financial difficulties of derivative counterparties may require us to utilize additional capital with respect to the affected businesses. Furthermore, the valuation of our derivatives could change based on changes to our valuation methodology or the discovery of errors. 
 Substantially all of our derivatives transactions require us to pledge or receive collateral or make payments related to any decline in the net estimated fair value of such derivatives transactions. The amount of collateral we may be required to 

33 

pledge and the payments we may be required to make under our derivatives transactions may increase under certain circumstances as a result of the requirement to pledge initial margin or variation margin for OTC-bilateral transactions. Such requirements could adversely affect our liquidity, expose us to central clearinghouse and counterparty credit risk, or increase our costs of hedging. See Business Regulation Regulation of Over-the-Counter Derivatives. 
 Other Risks 
 We are also exposed to other risks outside of our control, including foreign currency exchange rate risk relating to the variability in currency exchange rates for non-U.S. dollar denominated investments, as well as other financial and operational risks related to using external asset management firms. 
 Ongoing military actions, the continued threat of terrorism, climate change as well as other catastrophic events may adversely affect the value of our investment portfolio and the level of claim losses we incur 
 Ongoing military actions (including the ongoing armed conflict between Russia and Ukraine), the continued threat of terrorism, both within the U.S. and abroad, and heightened security measures in response to these types of threats, as well as climate change and other natural or man-made catastrophic events, may cause significant decline and volatility in global financial markets and result in loss of life, property damage, additional disruptions to commerce, the health system, and the food supply and reduced economic activity. The effects of climate change could cause changes in weather patterns, resulting in more severe and more frequent natural disasters such as forest fires, hurricanes, tornados, floods and storm surges. The value of assets in our investment portfolio may be adversely affected by declines in the credit and equity markets and reduced economic activity caused by the continued threat of catastrophic events. Companies in which we maintain investments may suffer losses as a result of financial, commercial or economic disruptions and such disruptions might affect the ability of those companies to pay interest or principal on their securities or mortgage loans. Catastrophic events could also disrupt our operations as well as the operations of our third-party service providers and also result in higher than anticipated claims under insurance policies that we have issued. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Policyholder Liabilities. 
 
 Regulatory and Legal Risks 
 Our business is highly regulated, and changes in regulation and in supervisory and enforcement policies or interpretations thereof may materially impact our capitalization or cash flows, reduce our profitability and limit our growth 
 We are subject to a wide variety of insurance and other laws and regulations. We are subject to regulation by our primary Delaware state regulators as well as New York state regulators where our subsidiary, BHNY, is domiciled, along with other regulation in states in which we operate. See Business Regulation, as supplemented by discussions of regulatory developments in our subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q under the caption Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Regulatory Developments. 
 We cannot predict what proposals may be made, what legislation or regulations may be introduced or enacted, or what impact any future legislation or regulations could have on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including the cost of any such compliance. Furthermore, regulatory uncertainty could create confusion among our distribution partners and customers, which could negatively impact product sales. See Business Regulation Standard of Conduct Regulation for a more detailed discussion of particular regulatory efforts by various regulators. 
 Changes to the laws and regulations that govern the standards of conduct that apply to the sale of our products, as well as the firms that distribute our products, could adversely affect our operations and profitability. Such changes could increase our regulatory and compliance burden, resulting in increased costs, or limit the type, amount or structure of compensation arrangements into which we may enter with certain of our associates, which could negatively impact our ability to compete with other companies, including with respect to recruiting and retaining key personnel. Additionally, our ability to react to rapidly changing economic conditions and the dynamic, competitive market for our products will depend on the continued efficacy of provisions we have incorporated into our product design allowing frequent and contemporaneous revisions of key pricing elements, as well as our ability to work collaboratively with regulators. Changes in regulatory approval processes, rules and other dynamics in the regulatory process could adversely impact our ability to react to such changing conditions. 
 We cannot predict the impact that best interest or fiduciary standards adopted or proposed by various regulators may have on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Compliance with new or changed rules or legislation in this area may increase our regulatory burden and that of our distribution partners, require changes to our compensation practices and product offerings, and increase litigation risk, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

34 

In addition, we are subject to federal, state and other securities and state insurance laws and regulations which, among other things, require that we distribute certain of our products through a registered broker-dealer. The failure to comply with these laws or changes to these laws could have a material adverse effect on our operations and our profitability. Furthermore, changes in laws and regulations that affect our customers and distribution partners or their operations also may affect our business relationships with them and their ability to purchase or distribute our products. Such actions may negatively affect our business and results of operations. 
 If our associates fail to adhere to regulatory requirements or our policies and procedures, we may be subject to penalties, restrictions or other sanctions by applicable regulators, and we may suffer reputational harm. See Business Regulation. 
 A decrease in the RBC ratio of Brighthouse Life Insurance Company or BHNY (as a result of a reduction in statutory capital and surplus or an increase in the required RBC capital charges), or a change in the rating agency proprietary capital models, could result in increased scrutiny by insurance regulators and rating agencies and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations 
 The NAIC has established model regulations that provide minimum capitalization requirements based on RBC formulas for insurance companies. Brighthouse Life Insurance Company and BHNY are subject to RBC standards or other minimum statutory capital and surplus requirements imposed under the laws of their respective jurisdictions of domicile. See Business Regulation Insurance Regulation Surplus and Capital; Risk-Based Capital. Failure to meet these requirements could subject Brighthouse Life Insurance Company and BHNY to further examination or corrective action imposed by insurance regulators, including limitations on their ability to write additional business, increased regulatory supervision, or seizure or liquidation. Any corrective action imposed could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. A decline in RBC ratios, whether or not it results in a failure to meet applicable RBC requirements, could limit Brighthouse Life Insurance Company s ability to pay dividends and the ability of BHNY to pay dividends or distributions to Brighthouse Life Insurance Company, could result in a loss of customers or new business, or could influence ratings agencies to downgrade our financial strength ratings, each of which could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In any particular year, total adjusted capital amounts, and thus RBC ratios, may fluctuate depending on a variety of factors, including the amount of statutory income or losses generated by Brighthouse Life Insurance Company and BHNY (which itself is sensitive to equity market and credit market conditions), the amount of additional capital such insurer must hold to support business growth, equity and credit market conditions, the value and credit ratings of certain fixed income and equity securities in its investment portfolio, the value of certain derivative instruments that do not receive hedge accounting, as well as changes to the RBC formulas and the interpretation of the NAIC s instructions with respect to RBC calculation methodologies. In addition, rating agencies may implement changes to their own proprietary capital models, which differ from the RBC capital model, that have the effect of increasing or decreasing the amount of capital Brighthouse Life Insurance Company and BHNY should hold relative to the rating agencies expectations. Under stressed or stagnant capital markets conditions and with the aging of existing insurance liabilities, without offsets from new business, the amount of additional statutory reserves that Brighthouse Life Insurance Company and BHNY are required to hold could materially increase. This increase in reserves would decrease the capital available for use in calculating the RBC ratio of Brighthouse Life Insurance Company or BHNY. To the extent that the RBC ratio of Brighthouse Life Insurance Company or BHNY is deemed to be insufficient, we may seek to take actions either to increase the capitalization of the insurer or to reduce the capitalization requirements. If we were unable to accomplish such actions, the rating agencies could view this as a reason for a ratings downgrade. 
 Changes in tax laws or interpretations of such laws could reduce our earnings and materially impact our operations by increasing our corporate taxes and making some of our products less attractive to consumers 
 Changes in tax laws or interpretations of such laws could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and financial condition and could result in our incurring materially higher statutory taxes. Higher tax rates or differences in interpretation of tax laws may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Conversely, declines in tax rates could make our products less attractive to consumers. See Business Regulation Federal Tax Reform for a discussion of the potential impacts of the Inflation Reduction Act and the related corporate alternative minimum tax. 
 Legal disputes and regulatory investigations are common in our businesses and may result in significant financial losses or harm to our reputation 
 We face a significant risk of legal disputes and regulatory investigations in the ordinary course of operating our businesses, including the risk of class action lawsuits. Our pending legal actions and regulatory investigations include proceedings specific to us, as well as other proceedings that raise issues that are generally applicable to business practices in the industries in which we operate. 

35 

In connection with our insurance operations, plaintiffs lawyers may bring or are bringing class actions and individual suits alleging, among other things, issues relating to sales or underwriting practices, claims payments and procedures, escheatment, product design, disclosure, administration, investments, denial or delay of benefits, lapse or termination of policies, cost of insurance and breaches of fiduciary or other duties to customers. Plaintiffs in class action and other lawsuits against us may seek very large or indeterminate amounts, including punitive and treble damages. Due to the vagaries of litigation, the outcome of a litigation matter and the amount or range of potential loss at particular points in time may be difficult to ascertain. Material pending litigation and other legal disputes, as well as regulatory matters affecting us and risks to our business presented by these proceedings, if any, are discussed in Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 A substantial legal liability or a significant federal, state or other regulatory action against us, as well as regulatory inquiries or investigations, could harm our reputation, result in material fines or penalties, result in significant legal costs and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if we ultimately prevail in the litigation, regulatory action or investigation, our ability to attract new customers and distributors, retain our current customers and distributors, and recruit and retain personnel could be materially and adversely impacted. Regulatory inquiries and legal disputes may also cause volatility in the price of BHF securities and the securities of companies in our industry. 
 Current claims, litigation, unasserted claims probable of assertion, investigations and other proceedings against us, as well as any other disputes or other matters involving third parties, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. It is also possible that related or unrelated claims, litigation, unasserted claims probable of assertion, investigations and proceedings may be commenced in the future, and we could become subject to further investigations and have lawsuits filed or enforcement actions initiated against us. Increased regulatory scrutiny and any resulting investigations or proceedings in any of the jurisdictions where we operate could result in new legal actions and precedents or changes in laws, rules or regulations that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

36 

Operational Risks 
 Any gaps in our policies, procedures, or processes may leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk, and our models used by our business may not operate properly and could contain errors, each of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations 
 We have developed policies, procedures and processes to enable and support the ongoing review of the actual and potential risks facing the Company. Nonetheless, our policies, procedures and processes may not be fully effective in identifying and assessing such risks, leaving us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risks. In addition, we rely on third-party providers to administer and service many of our products, and our policies, procedures and processes may not enable us to identify and assess every risk with respect to those products, especially to the extent we rely on those providers for relevant information, including detailed information regarding the holders of our products. 
 We use models to manage our business and evaluate the associated risk exposures. The models may not operate properly and could contain errors related to model inputs, data, assumptions, calculations, or output that may adversely impact our results of operations. In addition, these models may not fully predict future exposures, which may be significantly greater than our historical measures indicate. For example, we use actuarial models to assist us in establishing reserves for liabilities arising from our insurance policies and annuity contracts. We periodically review the effectiveness of these models, their underlying logic, and, from time to time, implement refinements to our models based on these reviews. We implement refinements after rigorous testing and validation; even after such validation and testing, our models remain subject to inherent limitations. Accordingly, no assurances can be given as to whether or when we will implement refinements to our actuarial models, and, if implemented, whether such refinements will be sufficient. Furthermore, if implemented, any such refinements could cause us to increase the reserves we hold for our insurance policy and annuity contract liabilities. If models are misused or fail to serve their intended purposes, they could produce incorrect or inappropriate results. Business decisions based on incorrect or misused model outputs or reports could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 Other risk management models depend upon the evaluation of information regarding markets, clients, catastrophe occurrence, or other matters that are publicly available or otherwise accessible to us. This information may not always be accurate, complete, up-to-date, or properly evaluated. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that we can effectively review and monitor all risks or that all of our associates will follow our policies, procedures and processes, nor can there be any assurance that our policies, procedures and processes, or the policies, procedures and processes of third parties that administer or service our products, will enable us to accurately identify all risks and limit our exposures based on our assessments. In addition, if our business changes or the markets in which we operate evolve and new risks emerge, we may have to implement more extensive and perhaps different policies, procedures or processes and our risk management framework may not evolve at the same pace as those changes. See Risks Related to Our Business Our variable annuity exposure risk management strategy may not be effective, may result in significant volatility in our profitability measures and may negatively affect our statutory capital. 
 Any failure in cyber- or other information security systems, as well as the occurrence of events unanticipated in Brighthouse Financial s or our third-party service providers disaster recovery systems and business continuity planning could result in a loss or disclosure of confidential information, damage to our reputation and impairment of our ability to conduct business effectively 
 We heavily rely on communications, information systems (both internal and provided by third parties), and the internet to conduct our business. We rely on these systems throughout our business for a variety of functions, including processing new business, claims, and post-issue transactions, providing information to customers and distributors, performing actuarial analyses, managing our investments and maintaining financial records. A failure in the security of such systems or a failure to maintain the security of such systems, or the confidential information stored thereon, may result in regulatory enforcement action, harm our reputation or otherwise adversely affect our ability to conduct business, our financial condition or results of operations. In addition, our continuous technological evaluations and enhancements, including changes designed to update our protective measures, may increase our risk of a breach or gap in our security, and there can be no assurance that any such efforts will be effective in preventing or limiting the impact of future cyberattacks. 
 We and our vendors, like other commercial entities, have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to a variety of forms of cyberattacks with the objective of gaining unauthorized access to our systems and data, or disrupting our operations. Potential attacks may include, but are not limited to, cyberattacks, phishing attacks, account takeover attempts, the introduction of computer viruses or malicious code (commonly referred to as malware ), ransomware or other extortion tactics, denial of service attacks, credential stuffing, and other computer-related penetrations. Hardware, software or applications developed by us or received from third parties may contain exploitable vulnerabilities, bugs, or defects in design, maintenance or manufacture or other issues that could compromise information and cybersecurity. The risk of cyberattacks 

37 

has also increased and may continue to increase in connection with Russia s ongoing invasion of Ukraine and other geopolitical events and dynamics that may adversely disrupt or degrade our operations and may compromise our data. Malicious actors may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers, or other users of our systems to disclose credentials or other similar sensitive information in order to gain access to our systems or data, or that of our customers, through social engineering, phishing, mobile phone malware, and other methods. 
 There is no assurance that administrative, physical and technical controls and other preventive actions taken to reduce the risk of cyberattacks and protect our information technology will prevent physical and electronic break-ins, cyberattacks or other security breaches to such computer systems. In some cases, such physical and electronic break-ins, cyberattacks or other security breaches may not be immediately detected. If we or our vendors fail to prevent, detect, address and mitigate such incidents, this may impede or interrupt our business operations and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A disaster such as a natural catastrophe, epidemic, pandemic, industrial accident, blackout, terrorist attack, cyberattack or war, unanticipated problems with our or our vendors disaster recovery systems (and the disaster recovery systems of such vendors suppliers, vendors or subcontractors), could cause our computer systems to be inaccessible to our associates, distributors, vendors or customers or may destroy valuable data. In addition, in the event that a significant number of our or our vendors managers were unavailable following a disaster, our ability to effectively conduct business could be severely compromised. These interruptions also may interfere with our suppliers ability to provide goods and services and our associates ability to perform their job responsibilities. Unanticipated problems with, or failures of, our disaster recovery systems and business continuity plans could have a material impact on our ability to conduct business and on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 A failure of our or relevant third-party (or such third-party s supplier s, vendor s or subcontractor s computer systems) computer systems could cause significant interruptions in our operations, result in a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data, harm our reputation, subject us to regulatory sanctions and legal claims, lead to a loss of customers and revenues, and otherwise adversely affect our business and financial results. Our cyber liability insurance may not be sufficient to protect us against all losses. See also Any failure to protect the confidentiality of customer, employee, or other third party information could adversely affect our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our associates and those of our third-party service providers may take excessive risks which could negatively affect our financial condition and business 
 As an insurance enterprise, we are in the business of accepting certain risks. The individuals who conduct our business include executive officers and other members of management, sales intermediaries, investment professionals, product managers, and other associates, as well as associates of our various third-party service providers. Each of these individuals makes decisions and choices that may expose us to risk. These include decisions such as setting underwriting guidelines and standards, product design and pricing, determining what assets to purchase for investment and when to sell them, which business opportunities to pursue, and other decisions. Such individuals may take excessive risks regardless of the structure of our risk management framework or our compensation programs and practices, which may not effectively deter excessive risk-taking or misconduct. Similarly, our controls and procedures designed to monitor associates business decisions and prevent them from taking excessive risks, and to prevent employee misconduct, may not be effective. If our associates and those of our third-party service providers take excessive risks, the impact of those risks could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

38 

Any failure to protect the confidentiality of customer, employee, or other third party information could adversely affect our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations 
 Federal and state legislatures and various government agencies have established laws and regulations protecting the privacy and security of personal information. See Business Regulation Cybersecurity Regulation. Our third-party service-providers and our associates have access to, and routinely process, personal information through a variety of media, including information technology systems. It is possible that an employee or third-party service provider (or their suppliers, vendors or subcontractors) could, intentionally or unintentionally, disclose or misappropriate confidential personal information, and there can be no assurance that our information security policies and systems in place can prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of confidential information, including nonpublic personal information. Additionally, our data has been the subject of cyberattacks and could be subject to additional attacks. If we or any of our third-party service providers (or their suppliers, vendors or subcontractors) fail to maintain adequate internal controls or if our associates fail to comply with our policies and procedures, misappropriation or intentional or unintentional inappropriate disclosure or misuse of employee or client information could occur. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy policies, our privacy-related obligations to customers, employees, or other third parties, or our privacy-related legal obligations, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of sensitive information, which could include personally identifiable information or other user data, may result in governmental investigations, enforcement actions, regulatory fines, litigation and public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others, and could cause our customers, employees, or other third parties to lose trust in us, all of which could be costly and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. See Any failure in cyber- or other information security systems, as well as the occurrence of events unanticipated in Brighthouse Financial s or our third-party service providers disaster recovery systems and business continuity planning could result in a loss or disclosure of confidential information, damage to our reputation and impairment of our ability to conduct business effectively. In addition, compliance with complex variations in privacy and data security laws may require modifications to current business practices, including significant technology efforts that require long implementation timelines, increased costs and dedicated resources. 
 Furthermore, there has been increased scrutiny as well as enacted and proposed additional regulation, including from state regulators, regarding the use of customer data. We may analyze customer data or input such data into third-party analytics in order to better manage our business. Any inquiry in connection with our analytics business practices, as well as any misuse or alleged misuse of those analytics insights, could cause reputational harm or result in regulatory enforcement actions or litigation, and any related limitations imposed on us could have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Separation from, and Continuing Relationship with, MetLife 
 If the Separation were to fail to qualify for non-recognition treatment for federal income tax purposes, then we could be subject to significant tax liabilities 
 In connection with the Separation, MetLife received a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service IRS regarding certain significant issues under the Tax Code, as well as an opinion from its tax advisor that, subject to certain limited exceptions, the Separation qualifies for non-recognition of gain or loss to MetLife and MetLife s shareholders pursuant to Sections 355 and 361 of the Tax Code. Notwithstanding the receipt of the private letter ruling and the tax opinion, the tax opinion is not binding on the IRS or the courts, and the IRS could determine that the Separation should be treated as a taxable transaction and, as a result, we could incur significant federal income tax liabilities, and Brighthouse Financial could have an indemnification obligation to MetLife. 
 Generally, taxes resulting from the failure of the Separation to qualify for non-recognition treatment for federal income tax purposes would be imposed on MetLife or MetLife s shareholders. Under the tax separation agreement with MetLife, Inc. (the Tax Separation Agreement ), MetLife is generally obligated to indemnify Brighthouse Financial against such taxes if the failure to qualify for tax-free treatment results from, among other things, any action or inaction that is within MetLife s control. MetLife may dispute an indemnification obligation to Brighthouse Financial under the Tax Separation Agreement, and there can be no assurance that MetLife will be able to satisfy its indemnification obligation to Brighthouse Financial or that such indemnification will be sufficient for us in the event of nonperformance by MetLife. The failure of MetLife to fully indemnify Brighthouse Financial could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, MetLife will generally bear tax-related losses due to the failure of certain steps that were part of the Separation to qualify for their intended tax treatment. However, the IRS could seek to hold Brighthouse Financial responsible for such liabilities, and under the Tax Separation Agreement, Brighthouse Financial could be required, under certain circumstances, to indemnify MetLife and its affiliates against certain tax-related liabilities caused by those failures. If the Separation does not qualify for non-recognition treatment or if certain other steps that are part of the Separation do not 

39 

qualify for their intended tax treatment, Brighthouse Financial could be required to pay material additional taxes or be obligated to indemnify MetLife, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Separation was also subject to tax rules regarding the treatment of certain of our tax attributes (such as the basis in our assets). In certain circumstances such rules could require us to reduce those attributes, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition. The ultimate tax consequences to us of the Separation may not be finally determined for many years and may differ from the tax consequences that we and MetLife expected at the time of the Separation. As a result, we could be required to pay material additional taxes and to materially reduce the tax assets (or materially increase the tax liabilities) on our consolidated balance sheet. These changes could impact our available capital, ratings or cost of capital. There can be no assurance that the Tax Separation Agreement will protect us from any such consequences, or that any issue that may arise will be subject to indemnification by MetLife under the Tax Separation Agreement. As a result, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Not material. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 See Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 

40 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 No established public trading market exists for Brighthouse Life Insurance Company s common equity; all of Brighthouse Life Insurance Company s common stock is held by Brighthouse Holdings, LLC BH Holdings ). 
 See Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of dividends paid, as well as restrictions on Brighthouse Life Insurance Company s ability to pay dividends. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 

41 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Index to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Page Overview 
 43 
 Regulatory Developments 
 43 
 Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates 
 43 
 Non-GAAP Financial Disclosures 
 46 
 Results of Operations 
 48 
 Policyholder Liabilities 
 53 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 54 

42 

Table of Contents 

 The following discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those factors discussed below and elsewhere in this report, particularly in Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Summary of Risk Factors and Risk Factors. This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should also be read in conjunction with Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk and our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein. 
 Our Results of Operations discussion and analysis presents a review for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and year-to-year comparisons between these years. Our Results of Operations discussion and analysis for the year ended December 31, 2021, including a review of the 2021 AAR and year-to-year comparisons between the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was filed with the SEC on March 2, 2022, and such discussions are incorporated herein by reference. 
 Overview 
 We offer a range of annuity and life insurance products to individuals and deliver our products through multiple independent distribution channels and marketing arrangements with a diverse network of distribution partners. We are organized into three segments: (i) Annuities, (ii) Life and (iii) Run-off, which consists of products that are no longer actively sold and are separately managed. In addition, we report certain of our results of operations in Corporate Other. See Business Segments and Corporate Other and Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding our segments and Corporate Other. 
 
 Regulatory Developments 
 We, including our insurance subsidiary, BHNY, and our reinsurance subsidiary, BRCD, are primarily regulated at the state level, with some products and services also subject to federal regulation. In addition, Brighthouse Life Insurance Company and BHNY are subject to regulation under the insurance holding company laws of various U.S. jurisdictions. Furthermore, some of our operations, products and services are subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, consumer protection laws, securities, broker-dealer and investment advisor regulations, as well as environmental and unclaimed property laws and regulations. See Business Regulation, as well as Risk Factors Regulatory and Legal Risks. 
 
 Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to adopt accounting policies and make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported on the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The most critical estimates include those used in determining: 
 liabilities for future policy benefits; 
 amortization of DAC; 
 estimated fair values of freestanding derivatives and the recognition and estimated fair value of embedded derivatives requiring bifurcation; and 
 measurement of income taxes and the valuation of deferred tax assets. 
 In applying our accounting policies, we make subjective and complex judgments that frequently require estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. Many of these policies, estimates and related judgments are common in the insurance and financial services industries; others are specific to our business and operations. Actual results could differ from these estimates. 
 The above critical accounting estimates are described below and in Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Liability for Future Policy Benefits 
 Future policy benefits for traditional long-duration insurance contracts (term, whole life insurance and income annuities) are payable over an extended period of time and the related liabilities are equal to the present value of future expected benefits to be paid, reduced by the present value of future expected net premiums. Assumptions used to measure the liability are based on the Company s experience and include a margin for adverse deviation. The most significant assumptions used in 

43 

Table of Contents 

 the establishment of liabilities for future policy benefits are mortality, benefit election and utilization, withdrawals, policy lapse and investment returns. These assumptions, intended to estimate the experience for the period the policy benefits are payable, are established at the time the policy is issued and are not updated unless a premium deficiency exists. Utilizing these assumptions, liabilities are established for each line of business. If experience is less favorable than assumed and a premium deficiency exists, DAC may be reduced, or additional insurance liabilities established, resulting in a reduction in earnings. 
 Future policy benefit liabilities for GMDBs and certain GMIBs relating to variable annuity contracts are based on estimates of the expected value of benefits in excess of the projected account balance, recognizing the excess ratably over the accumulation period based on total expected assessments. The most significant assumptions for variable annuity guarantees included in future policyholder benefits are projected general account and separate account investment returns, as well as policyholder behavior, including mortality, benefit election and utilization, and withdrawals. 
 Future policy benefit liabilities for ULSG are determined by estimating the expected value of death benefits payable when the account balance is projected to be zero using a range of scenarios and recognizing those benefits ratably over the contract period based on total expected assessments. The Company also maintains a profit followed by losses reserve on universal life insurance with secondary guarantees, determined by projecting future earnings and establishing a liability to offset losses that are expected to occur in later years. The most significant assumptions used in estimating our ULSG liabilities are the general account rate of return, premium persistency, mortality and lapses, which are reviewed and updated at least annually. 
 The measurement of our ULSG liabilities can be significantly impacted by changes in our expected general account rate of return, which is driven by our assumption for long-term treasury yields. Our practice of projecting treasury yields uses a mean reversion approach that assumes that long-term interest rates are less influenced by short-term fluctuations and are only changed when sustained interim deviations are expected. As part of our 2022 AAR, we increased our projected long-term general account earned rate, as well as our mean reversion rate over a period of ten years from 3.00 to 3.50 , which resulted in a decrease in our ULSG liabilities of 107 million. We also updated other assumptions related to ULSG, see Results of Operations Annual Actuarial Review for more information. 
 We regularly review our assumptions supporting our estimates of all actuarial liabilities for future policy benefits. For universal life insurance and variable annuity product guarantees, assumptions are updated periodically, whereas for traditional long-duration insurance contracts, assumptions are established at inception and not updated unless a premium deficiency exists. We also review our liability projections to determine if profits are projected in earlier years followed by losses projected in later years, which could require us to establish an additional liability. We aggregate insurance contracts by product and segment in assessing whether a premium deficiency or profits followed by losses exists. Differences between actual experience and the assumptions used in pricing our policies and guarantees, as well as adjustments to the related liabilities, result in changes to earnings. 
 See Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our accounting policy relating to variable annuity guarantees and the liability for future policy benefits. 
 Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs 
 DAC represents deferred costs that relate directly to the successful acquisition or renewal of insurance contracts. The recovery of DAC is dependent upon the future profitability of the related business. 
 DAC related to deferred annuities and universal life insurance contracts is amortized based on expected future gross profits, which is determined by using assumptions consistent with measuring the related liabilities. DAC balances and amortization for variable annuity and universal life insurance contracts can be significantly impacted by changes in expected future gross profits related to projected separate account rates of return. Our practice of determining changes in projected separate account returns assumes that long-term appreciation in equity markets is not changed by short-term market fluctuations and is only changed when sustained interim deviations are expected. We monitor these events and only change the assumption when our long-term expectation changes. The effect of an increase (decrease) by 100 basis points in the assumed future rate of return is reasonably likely to result in a decrease (increase) in the DAC amortization with an offset to our unearned revenue liability which nets to approximately 240 million. We use a mean reversion approach to separate account returns where the mean reversion period is five years with a long-term separate account return after the five-year reversion period is over. The current long-term rate of return assumption for variable annuity and variable universal life insurance contracts is in the 6.00-7.00 range. 
 We also generally review other long-term assumptions underlying the projections of expected future gross profits on an annual basis. These assumptions primarily relate to general account investment returns, mortality, in-force or persistency, 

44 

Table of Contents 

 benefit elections and utilization, and withdrawals. Assumptions used in the calculation of expected future gross profits which have significantly changed are updated annually. If the update of assumptions causes expected future gross profits to increase, DAC amortization will generally decrease, resulting in a current period increase to earnings. The opposite result occurs when the assumption update causes expected future gross profits to decrease. 
 Our DAC balances are also impacted by replacing expected future gross profits with actual gross profits in each reporting period, including changes in annuity embedded derivatives and the related nonperformance risk. When the change in expected future gross profits principally relates to the difference between actual and estimates in the current period, an increase in profits will generally result in an increase in amortization and a decrease in profits will generally result in a decrease in amortization. 
 See Notes 1 and 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information relating to DAC accounting policy and amortization. 
 Derivatives 
 We use freestanding derivative instruments to hedge various capital markets risks in our products, including: (i) certain guarantees, some of which are reported as embedded derivatives; (ii) current or future changes in the fair value of our assets and liabilities; and (iii) current or future changes in cash flows. All derivatives, whether freestanding or embedded, are required to be carried on the balance sheet at fair value with changes reflected in either net income (loss) attributable to Brighthouse Life Insurance Company or in OCI, depending on the type of hedge. Below is a summary of critical accounting estimates by type of derivative. 
 Freestanding Derivatives 
 The determination of the estimated fair value of freestanding derivatives, when quoted market values are not available, is based on market standard valuation methodologies and inputs that management believes are consistent with what other market participants would use when pricing such instruments. Derivative valuations can be affected by changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, financial indices, credit spreads, default risk, nonperformance risk, volatility, liquidity and changes in estimates and assumptions used in the pricing models. See Note 7 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on significant inputs into the OTC derivative pricing models and credit risk adjustment. 
 Embedded Derivatives in Variable Annuity Guarantees 
 We issue variable annuity products with guaranteed minimum benefits, some of which are embedded derivatives measured at estimated fair value separately from the host variable annuity product, with changes in estimated fair value reported in net derivative gains (losses). The estimated fair values of these embedded derivatives are determined based on the present value of projected future benefits minus the present value of projected future fees attributable to the guarantee. The projections of future benefits and future fees require capital markets and actuarial assumptions, including expectations concerning policyholder behavior. A risk neutral valuation methodology is used under which the cash flows from the guarantees are projected under multiple capital markets scenarios using observable risk-free rates and implied equity volatilities. 
 Market conditions, including, but not limited to, changes in interest rates, equity indices, market volatility and variations in actuarial assumptions, including policyholder behavior, mortality and risk margins related to non-capital markets inputs, as well as changes in our nonperformance risk may result in significant fluctuations in the estimated fair value of the guarantees that could have a material impact on net income. Changes to actuarial assumptions, principally related to contract holder behavior such as annuitization utilization and withdrawals associated with GMIB riders, can result in a change of expected future cash outflows of a guarantee between the accrual-based model for insurance liabilities and the fair value-based model for embedded derivatives. See Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information relating to the determination of the accounting model. 
 Risk margins are established to capture the non-capital markets risks of the instrument which represent the additional compensation a market participant would require to assume the risks related to the uncertainties in certain actuarial assumptions. The establishment of risk margins requires the use of significant management judgment, including assumptions of the amount and cost of capital needed to cover the guarantees. 
 Assumptions for embedded derivatives are reviewed at least annually, and if they change significantly, the estimated fair value is adjusted by a cumulative charge or credit to net income. 
 See Notes 7 and 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our embedded derivatives and the determination of their fair values. 

45 

Table of Contents 

 Embedded Derivatives in Index-Linked Annuities 
 The Company issues and assumes through reinsurance index-linked annuities that contain equity crediting rates accounted for as an embedded derivative. The crediting rates are measured at estimated fair value which is determined using a combination of an option pricing methodology and an option-budget approach. The estimated fair value includes capital markets and actuarial policyholder behavior and biometric assumptions, including expectations for renewals at the end of the term period. Market conditions, including interest rates and implied volatilities, and variations in actuarial assumptions and risk margins, as well as changes in our nonperformance risk adjustment may result in significant fluctuations in the estimated fair value that could have a material impact on net income. 
 Nonperformance Risk Adjustment 
 The valuation of our embedded derivatives includes an adjustment for the risk that we fail to satisfy our obligations, which we refer to as our nonperformance risk. The nonperformance risk adjustment is captured as a spread over the risk-free rate in determining the discount rate to discount the cash flows of the liability. 
 The spread over the risk-free rate is based on BHF s creditworthiness taking into consideration publicly available information relating to spreads in the secondary market for BHF s debt. These observable spreads are then adjusted, as necessary, to reflect our financial strength ratings as compared to the credit rating of BHF. 
 Income Taxes 
 We provide for federal and state income taxes currently payable, as well as those deferred due to temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Our accounting for income taxes represents our best estimate of various events and transactions. Tax laws are often complex and may be subject to differing interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevant governmental taxing authorities. In establishing a provision for income tax expense, we must make judgments and interpretations about the application of tax laws. We must also make estimates about when in the future certain items will affect taxable income in the various taxing jurisdictions. 
 In establishing a liability for unrecognized tax benefits, assumptions may be made in determining whether, and to what extent, a tax position may be sustained. Once established, unrecognized tax benefits are adjusted when there is more information available or when events occur requiring a change. 
 Valuation allowances are established against deferred tax assets, particularly those arising from carryforwards, when management determines, based on available information, that it is more likely than not that deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The realization of deferred tax assets related to carryforwards depends upon the existence of sufficient taxable income within the carryforward periods under the tax law in the applicable tax jurisdiction. Significant judgment is required in projecting future taxable income to determine whether valuation allowances should be established, as well as the amount of such allowances. See Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information relating to our determination of such valuation allowances. 
 We may be required to change our provision for income taxes when estimates used in determining valuation allowances on deferred tax assets significantly change, or when new information indicates the need for adjustment in valuation allowances. Additionally, future events, such as changes in tax laws, tax regulations, or interpretations of such laws or regulations, could have an impact on the provision for income tax and the effective tax rate. Any such changes could significantly affect the amounts reported in the financial statements in the year these changes occur. 
 See Notes 1 and 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our income taxes. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Disclosures 
 Our definitions of non-GAAP financial measures may differ from those used by other companies. 
 Adjusted Earnings 
 In this report, we present adjusted earnings as a measure of our performance that is not calculated in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted earnings is used by management to evaluate performance and facilitate comparisons to industry results. We believe the presentation of adjusted earnings, as the Company measures it for management purposes, enhances the understanding of our performance by the investor community and contract holders by highlighting the results of operations and the underlying profitability drivers of our business. Adjusted earnings should not be viewed as a substitute for net income (loss) attributable to Brighthouse Life Insurance Company, which is the most directly comparable financial measure 

46 

Table of Contents 

 calculated in accordance with GAAP. See Results of Operations for a reconciliation of adjusted earnings to net income (loss) attributable to Brighthouse Life Insurance Company. 
 Adjusted earnings, which may be positive or negative, focuses on our primary businesses by excluding the impact of market volatility, which could distort trends. 
 The following are significant items excluded from total revenues in calculating adjusted earnings: 
 Net investment gains (losses); 
 Net derivative gains (losses) except earned income and amortization of premium on derivatives that are hedges of investments or that are used to replicate certain investments, but do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment Investment Hedge Adjustments and 
 Certain variable annuity GMIB fees GMIB Fees ). 
 The following are significant items excluded from total expenses in calculating adjusted earnings: 
 Amounts associated with benefits related to GMIBs GMIB Costs 
 Amounts associated with periodic crediting rate adjustments based on the total return of a contractually referenced pool of assets Market Value Adjustments and 
 Amortization of DAC and value of business acquired VOBA related to (i) net investment gains (losses), (ii) net derivative gains (losses) and (iii) GMIB Fees and GMIB Costs. 
 The tax impact of the adjustments discussed above is calculated net of the statutory tax rate, which could differ from our effective tax rate. 
 We present adjusted earnings in a manner consistent with management s view of the primary business activities that drive the profitability of our core businesses. The following table illustrates how each component of adjusted earnings is calculated from the GAAP statement of operations line items: 
 Component of Adjusted Earnings How Derived from GAAP (1) (i) Fee income (i) Universal life and investment-type product policy fees (excluding (a) unearned revenue adjustments related to net investment gains (losses) and net derivative gains (losses) and (b) GMIB Fees) plus Other revenues and amortization of deferred gains on reinsurance. 
 (ii) Net investment spread (ii) Net investment income plus Investment Hedge Adjustments and interest received on ceded fixed annuity reinsurance deposit funds reduced by Interest credited to policyholder account balance s and interest on future policy benefits. 
 (iii) Insurance-related activities (iii) Premiums less Policyholder benefits and claims (excluding (a) GMIB Costs, (b) Market Value Adjustments, (c) interest on future policy benefits and (d) amortization of deferred gains on reinsurance) plus the pass through of performance of ceded separate account assets. 
 (iv) Amortization of DAC and VOBA (iv) Amortization of DAC and VOBA (excluding amounts related to (a) net investment gains (losses), (b) net derivative gains (losses) and (c) GMIB Fees and GMIB Costs). 
 (v) Other expenses, net of DAC capitalization (v) Other expenses reduced by capitalization of DAC. 
 (vi) Provision for income tax expense (benefit) (vi) Tax impact of the above items. 
 _______________ 
 (1) Italicized items indicate GAAP statement of operations line items. 
 Consistent with GAAP guidance for segment reporting, adjusted earnings is also our GAAP measure of segment performance. Accordingly, we report adjusted earnings by segment in Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

47 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 
 Annual Actuarial Review 
 We typically conduct our AAR in the third quarter of each year. As a result of the 2022 AAR, we increased the long-term general account earned rate, driven by an increase in our mean reversion rate from 3.00 to 3.50 , which had the largest impact on our ULSG business. For our variable annuity business, in addition to the update to the long-term general account earned rate, we updated fund allocations, market volatility and maintenance expenses, as well as assumptions regarding policyholder behavior, including mortality, lapses and withdrawals. For our life business, in addition to the update to the long-term general account earned rate, we updated assumptions regarding policyholder behavior, including mortality, premium persistency, lapses, withdrawals and maintenance expenses. 
 In 2021, the most significant impact from our AAR was updating assumptions regarding policyholder behavior, including mortality, premium persistency, lapses, withdrawals and maintenance expenses. We also increased our long-term general account earned rate, while maintaining our mean reversion rate at 3.00 . These updates had the largest impact on our ULSG business. For our variable annuity business, we updated our annuitization and separate account assumptions, including fund fees, allocations and volatility, in addition to the policyholder behavior assumptions described above. 
 
 Consolidated Results for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Unless otherwise noted, all amounts in the following discussions of our results of operations are stated before income tax except for adjusted earnings, which are presented net of income tax. 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In millions) Revenues Premiums 641 687 Universal life and investment-type product policy fees 2,562 2,986 Net investment income 4,064 4,815 Other revenues 403 334 Net investment gains (losses) (240) (63) Net derivative gains (losses) 402 (2,359) Total revenues 7,832 6,400 Expenses Policyholder benefits and claims 4,143 3,213 Interest credited to policyholder account balances 1,414 1,286 Capitalization of DAC (425) (492) Amortization of DAC and VOBA 871 105 Interest expense on debt 70 67 Other expenses 2,030 2,225 Total expenses 8,103 6,404 Income (loss) before provision for income tax (271) (4) Provision for income tax expense (benefit) (208) (71) Net income (loss) (63) 67 Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 1 1 Net income (loss) attributable to Brighthouse Life Insurance Company (64) 66 

48 

Table of Contents 

 The components of net income (loss) were as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In millions) GMLB Riders 1,168 (2,067) Other derivative instruments (1,808) (60) Net investment gains (losses) (240) (63) Other adjustments 78 23 Pre-tax adjusted earnings, less net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 530 2,162 Income (loss) attributable to Brighthouse Life Insurance Company before provision for income tax (272) (5) Provision for income tax expense (benefit) (208) (71) Net income (loss) attributable to Brighthouse Life Insurance Company (64) 66 
 GMLB Riders. The guaranteed minimum living benefits GMLB riders GMLB Riders reflect (i) changes in the carrying value of GMLB liabilities, including GMIBs, GMWBs and GMABs, as well as Shield Annuities; (ii) changes in the estimated fair value of the related hedges, as well as any ceded reinsurance of the liabilities; (iii) the fees earned from the GMLB liabilities; and (iv) the effects of DAC amortization related to the preceding components. 
 Other Derivative Instruments. We have other derivative instruments, in addition to the hedges and embedded derivatives included in the GMLB Riders, for which changes in estimated fair value are recognized in net derivative gains (losses). 
 Freestanding Derivatives . We have freestanding derivatives that economically hedge certain invested assets and insurance liabilities. The majority of this hedging activity, excluding the GMLB Riders, is focused in the following areas: 
 as part of the Company s macro interest rate hedging program, the use of interest rate swaps, swaptions and interest rate forwards in connection with ULSG; 
 use of interest rate swaps when we have duration mismatches where suitable assets with maturities similar to those of our long-dated liabilities are not readily available in the market and use of interest rate forwards hedging reinvestment risk from maturing assets with higher yields than currently available in the market that support long-dated liabilities; 
 use of foreign currency swaps when we hold fixed maturity securities denominated in foreign currencies that are matching insurance liabilities denominated in U.S. dollars; and 
 use of equity index options to hedge index-linked annuity products against adverse changes in equity markets. 
 The market impacts on the hedges are accounted for in net income (loss) while the offsetting economic impact on the items they are hedging are either not recognized or recognized through OCI in equity. 
 Embedded Derivatives. Certain ceded reinsurance agreements in our life and run-off businesses are written on a coinsurance with funds withheld basis. The funds withheld component is accounted for as an embedded derivative with changes in the estimated fair value recognized in net income (loss) in the period in which they occur. In addition, the changes in liability values of our fixed index-linked annuity products that result from changes in the underlying equity index are accounted for as embedded derivatives. 
 Pre-tax Adjusted Earnings. See Non-GAAP Financial Disclosures Adjusted Earnings. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Loss before provision for income tax was 272 million 64 million, net of income tax), a higher loss of 267 million 130 million, net of income tax) from a loss before provision for income tax of 5 million (income of 66 million, net of income tax) in the prior period. 
 The decrease in income before provision for income tax was driven by the following unfavorable items: 
 the unfavorable impact of long-term benchmark interest rates on interest rate derivatives used to manage interest rate exposure in our ULSG business, as the long-term benchmark interest rate increased more in the current period than in the prior period; 
 lower pre-tax adjusted earnings, as discussed in greater detail below; and 
 net investment losses reflecting higher current period net losses on sales of fixed maturity securities. 

49 

Table of Contents 

 The decrease in income before provision for income tax was partially offset by the following favorable item: 
 gains from GMLB Riders, see GMLB Riders for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The decrease in income before provision for income tax resulted in a lower effective tax rate in the current period compared to the prior period. Our effective tax rate differs from the statutory tax rate primarily due to the impacts of the dividends received deduction, tax credits and current period non-recurring items. 
 
 Reconciliation of Net Income (Loss) to Adjusted Earnings 
 The reconciliation of net income (loss) attributable to Brighthouse Life Insurance Company to adjusted earnings was as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In millions) Net income (loss) attributable to Brighthouse Life Insurance Company (64) 66 Add: Provision for income tax expense (benefit) (208) (71) Income (loss) attributable to Brighthouse Life Insurance Company before provision for income tax (272) (5) Less: GMLB Riders 1,168 (2,067) Less: Other derivative instruments (1,808) (60) Less: Net investment gains (losses) (240) (63) Less: Other adjustments 78 23 Pre-tax adjusted earnings, less net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 530 2,162 Less: Provision for income tax expense (benefit) (40) 382 Adjusted earnings 570 1,780 
 
 Consolidated Results for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 - Adjusted Earnings 
 The components of adjusted earnings were as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In millions) Fee income 2,730 3,078 Net investment spread 2,031 2,844 Insurance-related activities (2,143) (1,777) Amortization of DAC and VOBA (412) (182) Other expenses, net of DAC capitalization (1,675) (1,800) Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 1 1 Pre-tax adjusted earnings, less net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 530 2,162 Provision for income tax expense (benefit) (40) 382 Adjusted earnings 570 1,780 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Adjusted earnings were 570 million in the current period, a decrease of 1.2 billion. 
 Key net unfavorable impacts were: 
 lower net investment spread due to: 
 lower returns on other limited partnerships compared to the prior period; 
 partially offset by 
 higher average invested assets resulting from positive net flows in the general account; and 
 higher average invested long-term assets from funding agreements issued in connection with our institutional spread margin business; 

50 

Table of Contents 

 higher net costs associated with insurance-related activities due to: 
 an adjustment in the prior period related to modeling improvements resulting from an actuarial system conversion in our life business; 
 higher paid claims, net of reinsurance, in our annuities and run-off businesses; 
 a net increase in guaranteed minimum death benefit liabilities resulting from unfavorable equity market performance; and 
 higher liabilities in our ULSG business resulting from the impact of new reinsurance agreements entered into in the current period; 
 partially offset by 
 a net decrease in liability balances resulting primarily from changes in policyholder behavior and capital markets assumptions, as well as model refinements made in connection with the AAR in our run-off and annuities businesses; 
 an adjustment in the prior period related to modeling improvements resulting from an actuarial system conversion in our run-off business; and 
 an adjustment in the current period related to actuarial model refinements in corporate other; 
 lower fee income due to: 
 lower asset-based fees resulting from lower average separate account balances, a portion of which is offset in other expenses; 
 higher ceded cost of insurance fees consistent with unfavorable equity market returns in our life business, which is mostly offset in other expenses; and 
 an adjustment in the prior period related to modeling improvements resulting from an actuarial system conversion in our life business; and 
 higher net amortization of DAC and VOBA due to: 
 the impact on future gross profits from lower separate account returns and unfavorable equity market performance; 
 an unfavorable impact resulting from changes in assumptions made in connection with the AAR in our life and annuities businesses; and 
 an adjustment in the prior period related to modeling improvements resulting from an actuarial system conversion in our annuities business; 
 partially offset by 
 an adjustment in the current period related to actuarial model refinements in corporate other. 
 Key net favorable impacts were: 
 lower other expenses due to: 
 lower asset-based variable annuity expenses resulting from lower average separate account balances, a portion of which is mostly offset in fee income; 
 lower transition services agreement expenses; 
 higher ceded cost of insurance expenses consistent with unfavorable equity market returns in our life business, which is offset in fee income; 
 lower establishment costs; 
 lower interest expenses in the current period related to prior year tax matters; and 
 lower deferred compensation and operational expenses; 
 partially offset by 
 the settlement of a reinsurance-related matter in the current period. 

51 

Table of Contents 

 The provision for income tax, expressed as a percentage of pre-tax adjusted earnings, resulted in a lower effective tax rate in the current period compared to the prior period. Our effective tax rate differs from the statutory tax rate primarily due to the impacts of the dividends received deduction, tax credits and current period non-recurring items. 
 
 GMLB Riders for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 The overall impact on income (loss) before provision for income tax from the performance of GMLB Riders, which includes (i) changes in carrying value of the GAAP liabilities, (ii) the mark-to-market of hedges and reinsurance, (iii) fees and (iv) associated DAC offsets, was as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In millions) Liabilities 2,416 (1,722) Hedges (1,551) (1,130) Ceded reinsurance (70) (100) Fees (1) 824 818 GMLB DAC (451) 67 Total GMLB Riders 1,168 (2,067) 
 _______________ 
 (1) Excludes living benefit fees, included as a component of adjusted earnings, of 51 million and 59 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 GMLB Liabilities. Liabilities reported as part of GMLB Riders GMLB Liabilities include (i) guarantee rider benefits accounted for as embedded derivatives, (ii) guarantee rider benefits accounted for as insurance and (iii) Shield Annuities embedded derivatives. Liabilities related to guarantee rider benefits represent our obligation to protect policyholders against the possibility that a downturn in the markets will reduce the specified benefits that can be claimed under the base annuity contract. Any periods of significant or sustained downturns in equity markets, increased equity volatility, or reduced interest rates could result in an increase in the valuation of these liabilities. An increase in these liabilities would result in a decrease to our net income (loss), which could be significant. Shield Annuities provide the contract holder the ability to participate in the appreciation of certain financial markets up to a stated level, while offering protection from a portion of declines in the applicable indices or benchmark. We believe that Shield Annuities provide us with risk offset to liabilities related to guarantee rider benefits. 
 GMLB Hedges and Reinsurance. We enter into freestanding derivatives to hedge the market risks inherent in the GMLB Liabilities. Generally, the same market factors that impact the estimated fair value of the guarantee rider embedded derivatives impact the value of the hedges, though in the opposite direction. However, the changes in value of the GMLB Liabilities and related hedges may not be symmetrical and the divergence could be significant due to certain factors, such as the guarantee riders accounted for as insurance are not recognized at estimated fair value and there are unhedged risks within the GMLB Liabilities. We may also use reinsurance to manage our exposure related to the GMLB Liabilities. 
 GMLB Fees. We earn fees from the guarantee rider benefits, which are calculated based on benefits that provide the policyholder a minimum return based on their initial deposit (the Benefit Base ). Fees calculated based on the Benefit Base are more stable in market downturns, compared to fees based on the account value because the Benefit Base excludes the impact of a decline in the market value of the policyholder s account value. We use the fees directly earned from the guarantee riders to fund the reserves, future claims and costs associated with the hedges of market risks inherent in these liabilities. For guarantee rider embedded derivatives, the future fees are included in the estimated fair value of the embedded derivative liabilities, with changes recorded in net derivative gains (losses). For guarantee rider benefits accounted for as insurance, while the related fees do affect the valuation of these liabilities, they are not included in the resulting liability values, but are recorded separately in universal life and investment-type product policy fees. 
 GMLB DAC. Changes in the estimated fair value of GMLB Liabilities that are accounted for as embedded derivatives result in a corresponding recognition of DAC amortization that generally has an inverse effect on net income (loss), which we refer to as the DAC offset. While the DAC offset is generally the most significant driver of GMLB DAC, it can be impacted by other adjustments including amortization related to guarantee benefit riders accounted for as insurance. 

52 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Comparative results from GMLB Riders were favorable by 3.2 billion, primarily driven by: 
 favorable changes to the estimated fair value of embedded derivative liabilities associated with Shield Level Annuities Shield liabilities 
 partially offset by 
 unfavorable changes to the estimated fair value of variable annuity liability reserves; 
 unfavorable changes to GMLB DAC; and 
 unfavorable changes to the estimated fair value of our GMLB hedges. 
 Lower equity markets resulted in the following impacts: 
 favorable changes to the estimated fair value of Shield liabilities; 
 favorable changes to the estimated fair value of our GMLB hedges; and 
 favorable changes in ceded reinsurance; 
 partially offset by 
 unfavorable changes to the estimated fair value of variable annuity liability reserves; and 
 unfavorable changes to GMLB DAC. 
 Higher interest rates resulted in the following impacts: 
 unfavorable changes to the estimated fair value of our GMLB hedges; 
 unfavorable changes to the estimated fair value of Shield liabilities; 
 unfavorable changes to GMLB DAC; and 
 unfavorable changes in ceded reinsurance; 
 partially offset by 
 favorable changes to the estimated fair value of variable annuity liability reserves. 
 There was a favorable change in the adjustment for nonperformance risk in the current period. 
 
 Policyholder Liabilities 
 We establish, and carry as liabilities, actuarially determined amounts that are calculated to meet policy obligations or to provide for future annuity and life insurance benefit payments. Amounts for actuarial liabilities are computed and reported in the financial statements in conformity with GAAP. See Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates for more details on policyholder liabilities. 
 Due to the nature of the underlying risks and the uncertainty associated with the determination of actuarial liabilities, we cannot precisely determine the amounts that will ultimately be paid with respect to these actuarial liabilities, and the ultimate amounts may vary from the estimated amounts, particularly when payments may not occur until well into the future. 
 We periodically review the assumptions supporting our estimates of actuarial liabilities for future policy benefits. We revise estimates, to the extent permitted or required under GAAP, if we determine that future expected experience differs from assumptions used in the development of actuarial liabilities. We charge or credit changes in our liabilities to expenses in the period the liabilities are established or re-estimated. If the liabilities originally established for future benefit payments prove inadequate, we must increase them. Such an increase could adversely affect our earnings and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have experienced, and will likely in the future experience, catastrophe losses and possibly acts of terrorism, as well as turbulent financial markets that may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, the impact of climate change could cause changes in the frequency or severity of outbreaks of certain diseases. Due to their nature, we cannot predict the incidence, timing, severity or amount of losses from catastrophes, acts of terrorism or climate change, but we make broad use of catastrophic and non-catastrophic reinsurance to manage risk from these perils. 

53 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Our business and results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the economy generally. Stressed conditions, volatility or disruptions in global capital markets, particular markets or financial asset classes can impact us adversely, in part because we have a large investment portfolio and our insurance liabilities and derivatives are sensitive to changing market factors. Changing conditions in the global capital markets and the economy may affect our financing costs and market interest rates for our debt issuances. For further information regarding market factors that could affect our ability to meet liquidity and capital needs, see Risk Factors Economic Environment and Capital Markets-Related Risks and Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Investment Portfolio. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Management 
 Based upon our capitalization, expectations regarding maintaining our business mix, ratings and funding sources available to us, we believe we have sufficient liquidity to meet business requirements in current market conditions and certain stress scenarios. Our Board of Directors and senior management are directly involved in the governance of the capital management process. We continuously monitor and adjust our liquidity and capital plans in light of market conditions, as well as changing needs and opportunities. 
 We maintain a substantial short-term liquidity position, which was 2.4 billion and 2.1 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Short-term liquidity is comprised of cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, excluding assets that are pledged or otherwise committed. Assets pledged or otherwise committed include amounts received in connection with securities lending, derivatives and assets held on deposit or in trust. 
 An integral part of our liquidity management includes managing our level of liquid assets, which was 39.0 billion and 52.4 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Liquid assets are comprised of cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and publicly-traded securities, excluding assets that are pledged or otherwise committed. Assets pledged or otherwise committed include amounts received in connection with securities lending, funding agreements, derivatives and assets held on deposit or in trust. 
 
 Rating Agencies 
 Financial strength ratings represent the opinion of rating agencies regarding the ability of an insurance company to pay obligations under insurance policies and contracts in accordance with their terms. The level and composition of Brighthouse Life Insurance Company s and BHNY s regulatory capital are among the many factors considered in determining their respective financial strength ratings. Each agency has its own capital adequacy evaluation methodology, and assessments are generally based on a combination of factors. Financial strength ratings are not statements of fact nor are they recommendations to purchase, hold or sell any security, contract or policy. Each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 
 Our financial strength ratings as of the date of this filing were as follows: 
 A.M. Best (1) Fitch (2) Moody s (3) S P (4) Current outlook Stable Stable Stable Stable Brighthouse Life Insurance Company A A A3 A+ Brighthouse Life Insurance Company of NY A NR NR A+ 
 ______________ 
 (1) A.M. Best s financial strength ratings for insurance companies range from A++ (Superior) to S (Suspended). 
 (2) Fitch s financial strength ratings for insurance companies range from AAA (highest rating) to C (distressed). 
 (3) Moody s financial strength ratings for insurance companies range from Aaa (highest quality) to C (lowest rated). 
 (4) S P s financial strength ratings for insurance companies range from AAA (extremely strong) to SD (selective default) or D (default). 
 NR = Not rated 
 Rating agencies may continue to review and adjust our ratings. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business A downgrade or a potential downgrade in our financial strength ratings could result in a loss of business and materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations for a description of the impact of a potential ratings downgrade. 

54 

Table of Contents 

 Sources and Uses of Liquidity and Capital 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 The principal cash inflows from our insurance activities come from insurance premiums, annuity considerations and net investment income. The principal cash outflows are the result of various annuity and life insurance products, operating expenses and income tax, as well as interest expense. The primary liquidity concern with respect to these cash flows is the risk of early contract holder and policyholder withdrawal. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 The principal cash inflows from our investment activities come from repayments of principal, proceeds from maturities and sales of investments, as well as settlements of freestanding derivatives. The principal cash outflows relate to purchases of investments and settlements of freestanding derivatives. We typically can have a net cash outflow from investing activities because cash inflows from insurance operations are reinvested in accordance with our Asset Liability Management ALM discipline to fund insurance liabilities. We closely monitor and manage these risks through our comprehensive investment risk management process. The primary liquidity concerns with respect to these cash flows are the risk of default by debtors and market disruption. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 The principal cash inflows from our financing activities come from capital contributions from our parent, BH Holdings, issuances of debt, deposits of funds associated with policyholder account balances and lending of securities. The principal cash outflows come from repayments of debt, withdrawals associated with policyholder account balances and the return of securities on loan. The primary liquidity concerns with respect to these cash flows are market disruption and the risk of early policyholder withdrawal. 
 Primary Sources of Liquidity and Capital 
 In addition to the summary description of liquidity and capital sources discussed in Sources and Uses of Liquidity and Capital, the following additional information is provided regarding our primary sources of liquidity and capital: 
 Funding Agreements 
 From time to time, Brighthouse Life Insurance Company issues funding agreements and uses the proceeds from such issuances for spread lending purposes in connection with our institutional spread margin business or to provide additional liquidity. The institutional spread margin business is comprised of funding agreements issued in connection with the programs described in more detail below. See Obligations Under Funding Agreements in Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Funding Agreement-Backed Commercial Paper Program 
 In July 2021, Brighthouse Life Insurance Company established a funding agreement-backed commercial paper program (the FABCP Program for spread lending purposes, pursuant to which a special purpose limited liability company (the SPLLC may issue commercial paper and deposit the proceeds with Brighthouse Life Insurance Company under a funding agreement issued by Brighthouse Life Insurance Company to the SPLLC. The maximum aggregate principal amount permitted to be outstanding at any one time under the FABCP Program is 3.0 billion. Activity related to this funding agreement is reported in Corporate Other. 
 Funding Agreement-Backed Notes Program 
 In April 2021, Brighthouse Life Insurance Company established a funding agreement-backed notes program (the FABN Program ), pursuant to which Brighthouse Life Insurance Company may issue funding agreements to a special purpose statutory trust for spread lending purposes. The maximum aggregate principal amount permitted to be outstanding at any one time under the FABN Program was increased from 5.0 billion to 7.0 billion in August 2022. Activity related to these funding agreements is reported in Corporate Other. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank Funding Agreements 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB of Atlanta, where we maintain a secured funding agreement program, under which funding agreements may be issued either (i) for spread lending purposes or (ii) to provide additional liquidity. Activity related to these funding agreements is reported in Corporate Other. 

55 

Table of Contents 

 Farmer Mac Funding Agreements 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company has a secured funding agreement program with the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation and its affiliate Farmer Mac Mortgage Securities Corporation Farmer Mac pursuant to which the parties may enter into funding agreements either (i) for spread lending purposes or (ii) to provide additional liquidity. In September 2022, Brighthouse Life Insurance Company amended this program to (i) extend the term from December 31, 2023 to December 1, 2026 and (ii) increase the maximum aggregate principal amount permitted to be outstanding from 500 million to 750 million. Activity related to these funding agreements is reported in Corporate Other. 
 Information regarding funding agreements issued for spread lending purposes is as follows: 
 Aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding Issuances Repayments December 31, Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 (In millions) FABCP Program 2,097 1,848 12,682 2,939 12,433 1,091 FABN Program 3,450 2,900 550 2,900 FHLB Funding Agreements (1) 3,900 900 6,275 1,352 3,275 452 Farmer Mac Funding Agreements 700 125 600 125 25 Total 10,147 5,773 20,107 7,316 15,733 1,543 
 __________________ 
 (1) Additionally, in April 2020, Brighthouse Life Insurance Company issued funding agreements for an aggregate collateralized borrowing of 1.0 billion to provide a readily available source of contingent liquidity and repaid such borrowing during the fourth quarter of 2020. 
 Fixed Maturity Securities Credit Quality Ratings 
 Rating agency ratings are based on availability of applicable ratings from rating agencies on the NAIC credit rating provider list, including Moody s, S P, Fitch, Dominion Bond Rating Service and Kroll Bond Rating Agency. If no rating is available from a rating agency, then an internally developed rating is used. 
 The NAIC has methodologies to assess credit quality for certain Structured Securities comprised of non-agency RMBS, CMBS and ABS. The NAIC s objective with these methodologies is to increase the accuracy in assessing expected losses, and to use the improved assessment to determine a more appropriate capital requirement for such Structured Securities. The methodologies reduce regulatory reliance on rating agencies and allow for greater regulatory input into the assumptions used to estimate expected losses from Structured Securities. In 2021, these methodologies were updated to only apply to those Structured Securities issued prior to 2013. We apply the NAIC methodologies to Structured Securities held by us. The NAIC s present methodology is to evaluate Structured Securities held by insurers on an annual basis. If we acquire Structured Securities that have not been previously evaluated by the NAIC but are expected to be evaluated by the NAIC in the upcoming annual review, an internally developed designation is used until a final designation becomes available. 

56 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents total fixed maturity securities by nationally statistical rating organizations NRSRO rating and the applicable NAIC designation from the NAIC published comparison of NRSRO ratings to NAIC designations, except for certain Structured Securities, which are presented using the NAIC methodologies, as well as the percentage, based on estimated fair value that each NAIC designation is comprised of at: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 NAIC Designation NRSRO Rating Amortized Cost Allowance for Credit Losses Unrealized Gain (Loss) Estimated Fair Value of Total Amortized Cost Allowance for Credit Losses Unrealized Gain (Loss) Estimated Fair Value of Total (Dollars in millions) 1 Aaa/Aa/A 53,415 1 (4,809) 48,605 65.0 49,226 6,065 55,291 63.9 2 Baa 26,899 (3,488) 23,411 31.3 25,110 2,112 27,222 31.5 Subtotal investment grade 80,314 1 (8,297) 72,016 96.3 74,336 8,177 82,513 95.4 3 Ba 2,301 (225) 2,076 2.8 2,584 67 2,651 3.1 4 B 660 1 (86) 573 0.8 1,221 3 12 1,230 1.4 5 Caa and lower 120 4 (24) 92 0.1 142 8 (4) 130 0.1 6 In or near default 4 (1) 3 Subtotal below investment grade 3,081 5 (335) 2,741 3.7 3,951 11 74 4,014 4.6 Total fixed maturity securities 83,395 6 (8,632) 74,757 100.0 78,287 11 8,251 86,527 100.0 
 Debt Issuances 
 See Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on debt issuances. 
 Committed Facilities 
 See Notes 9 and 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding our committed facilities. 
 Primary Uses of Liquidity and Capital 
 In addition to the summarized description of liquidity and capital uses discussed in Sources and Uses of Liquidity and Capital, the following additional information is provided regarding our primary uses of liquidity and capital: 
 Dividends Paid to BH Holdings 
 See Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding dividends paid to BH Holdings. 
 Intercompany Liquidity Facilities 
 See Notes 9 and 15 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information relating to our intercompany liquidity facilities including obligations outstanding, issuances and repayments. 
 Insurance Liabilities 
 Liabilities arising from our insurance activities primarily relate to benefit payments under various annuity and life insurance products, as well as payments for policy surrenders, withdrawals and loans. 
 
 Pledged Collateral 
 We enter into derivatives to manage various risks relating to our ongoing business operations. We pledge collateral to, and have collateral pledged to us by, counterparties in connection with our derivatives. At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not pledge any cash collateral to counterparties. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we were obligated to return cash collateral pledged to us by counterparties of 816 million and 1.6 billion, respectively. The timing of the return of the derivatives collateral is uncertain. We also pledge collateral from time to time in connection with certain funding agreements. 
 We receive non-cash collateral from counterparties for derivatives, which can be sold or re-pledged subject to certain constraints, and which is not recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. The amount of this non-cash collateral at estimated fair value was 1.0 billion and 593 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 See Note 7 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding pledged collateral. 

57 

Table of Contents 

 Securities Lending 
 We have a securities lending program that aims to enhance the total return on our investment portfolio, whereby securities are loaned to third parties, primarily brokerage firms and commercial banks. We obtain collateral, usually cash, from the borrower, which must be returned to the borrower when the loaned securities are returned to us. Generally, our securities lending contracts expire within twelve months of issuance. We were liable for cash collateral under our control of 3.7 billion and 4.6 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 We receive non-cash collateral for securities lending from counterparties, which cannot be sold or re-pledged, and which is not recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. There was no non-cash collateral at December 31, 2022. The amount of this non-cash collateral was 2 million at estimated fair value at December 31, 2021. 
 See Note 6 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of our securities lending program. 
 
 Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees 
 We establish liabilities for litigation, regulatory and other loss contingencies when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. See Contingencies in Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 We enter into commitments for the purpose of enhancing the total return on our investment portfolio consisting of commitments to fund partnership investments, bank credit facilities and private corporate bond investments, as well as commitments to lend funds under mortgage loan commitments. We anticipate these commitments could be invested any time over the next five years. See Note 6 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. See Commitments in Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In the normal course of our business, we have provided certain indemnities, guarantees and commitments to third parties such that we may be required to make payments now or in the future. See Guarantees in Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

58 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Risk Management 
 We have an integrated process for managing risk exposures, which is coordinated among our Risk Management, Finance and Investment Departments. The process is designed to assess and manage exposures on a consolidated, company-wide basis. Brighthouse Financial, Inc. has established a Balance Sheet Committee BSC ). The BSC is responsible for periodically reviewing all material financial risks to us and, in the event risks exceed desired tolerances, informs the Finance and Risk Committee of the Brighthouse Financial, Inc. Board of Directors, considers possible courses of action and determines how best to resolve or mitigate such risks. In taking such actions, the BSC considers industry best practices and the current economic environment. The BSC also reviews and approves target investment portfolios in order to align them with our liability profile and establishes guidelines and limits for various risk-taking departments, such as the Investment Department. Our Finance Department and our Investment Department, together with Risk Management, are responsible for coordinating our ALM strategies throughout the enterprise. The membership of the BSC is comprised of the following members of Brighthouse Financial s senior management: Chief Executive Officer, Chief Risk Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Investment Officer and Head of Product Strategy and Pricing. 
 Our significant market risk management practices include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 Managing Interest Rate Risk 
 We manage interest rate risk as part of our asset and liability management strategies, which include (i) maintaining an investment portfolio that has a weighted average duration approximately equal to the duration of our estimated liability cash flow profile, and (ii) maintaining hedging programs, including a macro interest rate hedging program. For certain of our liability portfolios, it is not possible to invest assets to the full liability duration, thereby creating some asset/liability mismatch. Where a liability cash flow may exceed the maturity of available assets, as is the case with certain retirement products, we may support such liabilities with equity investments, derivatives or other mismatch mitigation strategies. Although we take measures to manage the economic risks of investing in a changing interest rate environment, we may not be able to mitigate completely the interest rate or other mismatch risk of our fixed income investments relative to our interest rate sensitive liabilities. The level of interest rates also affects our liabilities for benefits under our annuity contracts. As interest rates decline, we may need to increase our reserves for future benefits under our annuity contracts, which would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We also employ product design and pricing strategies to mitigate the potential effects of interest rate movements. These strategies include the use of surrender charges or restrictions on withdrawals in some products and the ability to reset crediting rates for certain products. 
 We analyze interest rate risk using various models, including multi-scenario cash flow projection models that forecast cash flows of the liabilities and their supporting investments, including derivatives. These projections involve evaluating the potential gain or loss on most of our in-force business under various increasing and decreasing interest rate environments. State insurance department regulations require that we perform some of these analyses annually as part of our review of the sufficiency of our regulatory reserves. We measure relative sensitivities of the value of our assets and liabilities to changes in key assumptions using internal models. These models reflect specific product characteristics and include assumptions based on current and anticipated experience regarding lapse, mortality and interest crediting rates. In addition, these models include asset cash flow projections reflecting interest payments, sinking fund payments, principal payments, bond calls, prepayments and defaults. 
 We also use common industry metrics, such as duration and convexity, to measure the relative sensitivity of asset and liability values to changes in interest rates. In computing the duration of liabilities, we consider all policyholder guarantees and how indeterminate policy elements such as interest credits or dividends are set. Each asset portfolio has a duration target based on the liability duration and the investment objectives of that portfolio. 
 Managing Equity Market and Foreign Currency Risks 
 We manage equity market risk in a coordinated process across our Risk Management, Investment and Finance Departments primarily by holding sufficient capital to permit us to absorb modest losses, which may be temporary, from changes in equity markets and interest rates without adversely affecting our financial strength ratings and through the use of derivatives, such as equity futures, equity index options contracts, equity variance swaps and equity total return swaps. We may also employ reinsurance strategies to manage these exposures. Key management objectives include limiting losses, minimizing exposures to significant risks and providing additional capital capacity for future growth. The Investment and Finance Departments are also responsible for managing the exposure to foreign currency denominated 

59 

Table of Contents 

 investments. We use foreign currency swaps and forwards to mitigate the exposure, risk of loss and financial statement volatility associated with foreign currency denominated fixed income investments. 
 
 Market Risk - Fair Value Exposures 
 We regularly analyze our market risk exposure to interest rate, equity market price, credit spreads and foreign currency exchange rate risks. As a result of that analysis, we have determined that the estimated fair values of certain assets and liabilities are significantly exposed to changes in interest rates, and to a lesser extent, to changes in equity market prices and foreign currency exchange rates. We have exposure to market risk through our insurance and annuity operations and general account investment activities. For purposes of this discussion, market risk is defined as changes in estimated fair value resulting from changes in interest rates, equity market prices, credit spreads and foreign currency exchange rates. We may have additional financial impacts other than changes in estimated fair value, which are beyond the scope of this discussion. See Risk Factors for additional disclosure regarding our market risk and related sensitivities. 
 Interest Rates 
 Our fair value exposure to changes in interest rates arises most significantly from our interest rate sensitive liabilities and our holdings of fixed maturity securities, mortgage loans and derivatives that are used to support our policyholder liabilities. Our interest rate sensitive liabilities include long-term debt, policyholder account balances related to certain investment-type contracts, and embedded derivatives in variable annuity contracts with guaranteed minimum benefits. Our fixed maturity securities including U.S. and foreign government bonds, securities issued by government agencies, corporate bonds, mortgage-backed and other ABS, and our commercial, agricultural and residential mortgage loans, are exposed to changes in interest rates. We also use derivatives including swaps, caps, floors, forwards and options to mitigate the exposure related to interest rate risks from our product liabilities. 
 Equity Market 
 Along with investments in equity securities, we have fair value exposure to equity market risk through certain liabilities that involve long-term guarantees on equity performance such as embedded derivatives in variable annuity contracts with guaranteed minimum benefits, as well as certain policyholder account balances. In addition, we have exposure to equity markets through derivatives including options and swaps that we enter into to mitigate potential equity market exposure from our product liabilities. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rates 
 Our fair value exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar results from our holdings in non-U.S. dollar denominated fixed maturity securities, mortgage loans and certain liabilities. The principal currencies that create foreign currency exchange rate risk in our investment portfolios and liabilities are the Euro and the British pound. We economically hedge substantially all of our foreign currency exposure. 
 
 Risk Measurement: Sensitivity Analysis 
 In the following discussion and analysis, we measure market risk related to our market sensitive assets and liabilities based on changes in interest rates, equity market prices and foreign currency exchange rates using a sensitivity analysis. This analysis estimates the potential changes in estimated fair value based on a hypothetical 100 basis point change (increase or decrease) in interest rates, or a 10 change in equity market prices or foreign currency exchange rates. We believe that these changes in market rates and prices are reasonably possible in the near-term. In performing the analysis summarized below, we used market rates as of December 31, 2022. We modeled the impact of changes in market rates and prices on the estimated fair values of our market sensitive assets and liabilities as follows: 
 the estimated fair value of our interest rate sensitive exposures resulting from a 100 basis point change (increase or decrease) in interest rates; 
 the estimated fair value of our equity positions due to a 10 change (increase or decrease) in equity market prices; and 
 the U.S. dollar equivalent of estimated fair values of our foreign currency exposures due to a 10 change (increase in the value of the U.S. dollar compared to the foreign currencies or decrease in the value of the U.S. dollar compared to the foreign currencies) in foreign currency exchange rates. 

60 

Table of Contents 

 The sensitivity analysis is an estimate and should not be viewed as predictive of our future financial performance. Our actual losses in any particular period may vary from the amounts indicated in the table below. Limitations related to this sensitivity analysis include: 
 interest sensitive liabilities do not include 44.3 billion of insurance contracts at December 31, 2022, which are accounted for on a book value basis. Management believes that the changes in the economic value of those contracts under changing interest rates would offset a significant portion of the fair value changes of interest sensitive assets; 
 the market risk information is limited by the assumptions and parameters established in creating the related sensitivity analysis, including the impact of prepayment rates on mortgage loans; 
 foreign currency exchange rate risk is not isolated for certain embedded derivatives within host asset and liability contracts, as the risk on these instruments is reflected as equity; 
 for derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting, the impact on reported earnings may be materially different from the change in market values; 
 the analysis excludes limited partnership interests; and 
 the model assumes that the composition of assets and liabilities remains unchanged throughout the period. 
 Accordingly, we use such models as tools and not as substitutes for the experience and judgment of our management. 
 The potential loss in the estimated fair value of our interest rate sensitive financial instruments due to a 100 basis point increase in the yield curve by type of asset and liability was as follows at: 
 December 31, 2022 Notional Amount Estimated Fair Value (1) 100 Basis Point Increase in the Yield Curve (In millions) Financial assets with interest rate risk Fixed maturity securities 74,757 (5,239) Mortgage loans 20,760 (1,217) Policy loans 930 (45) Premiums, reinsurance and other receivables 6,065 (110) Embedded derivatives within asset host contracts (2) 117 (32) Increase (decrease) in estimated fair value of assets (6,643) Financial liabilities with interest rate risk (3) Policyholder account balances 30,303 98 Long-term debt 742 57 Other liabilities 1,009 (7) Embedded derivatives within liability host contracts (2) 5,588 556 (Increase) decrease in estimated fair value of liabilities 704 Derivative instruments with interest rate risk Interest rate contracts 59,661 (2,498) (1,792) Equity contracts 50,138 119 6 Foreign currency contracts 5,086 723 (56) Increase (decrease) in estimated fair value of derivative instruments (1,842) Net change (7,781) _______________ 
 (1) Separate account assets and liabilities, which are interest rate sensitive, are not included herein as any interest rate risk is borne by the contract holder. 
 (2) Embedded derivatives are recognized on the consolidated balance sheet in the same caption as the host contract. 

61 

Table of Contents 

 (3) Excludes 44.3 billion of liabilities at carrying value pursuant to insurance contracts reported within future policy benefits and other policy-related balances on the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022. Management believes that the changes in the economic value of those contracts under changing interest rates would offset a significant portion of the fair value changes of interest rate sensitive assets. 
 Sensitivity Summary 
 Sensitivity to a 100 basis point rise in interest rates decreased by 1.2 billion, or 13 , to 7.8 billion at December 31, 2022 from 8.9 billion at December 31, 2021, primarily as a result of a decrease in the estimated fair value of our fixed maturity securities due to higher interest rates, in line with management expectation. 
 Sensitivity to a 10 rise in equity prices decreased by 122 million, or 14 , to 746 million at December 31, 2022 from 868 million at December 31, 2021. 
 As discussed above, we economically hedge substantially all of our foreign currency exposure such that sensitivity to changes in foreign currencies is minimal. 

62 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements, Notes and Schedules 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 64 
 Financial Statements at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 67 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 68 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 69 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 71 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Note 1 Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 73 
 Note 2 Segment Information 
 83 
 Note 3 Insurance 
 86 
 Note 4 Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs, Value of Business Acquired and Deferred Sales Inducements 
 90 
 Note 5 Reinsurance 
 90 
 Note 6 Investments 
 94 
 Note 7 Derivatives 
 107 
 Note 8 Fair Value 
 113 
 Note 9 Long-term and Short-term Debt 
 124 
 Note 10 Equity 
 125 
 Note 11 Other Revenues and Other Expenses 
 128 
 Note 12 Income Tax 
 129 
 Note 13 Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees 
 132 
 Note 14 Related Party Transactions 
 135 
 Note 15 Subsequent Event 
 136 
 Financial Statement Schedules at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 Schedule I Consolidated Summary of Investments Other Than Investments in Related Parties 
 137 
 Schedule II Condensed Financial Information (Parent Company Only) 
 138 
 Schedule III Consolidated Supplementary Insurance Information 
 142 
 Schedule IV Consolidated Reinsurance 
 144 

63 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Brighthouse Life Insurance Company and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholder s equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedules listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements, Notes and Schedules (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Liability for Future Policy Benefits Refer to Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the liability for future policy benefits totaled 41.1 billion, and included benefits related to variable annuity contracts with guaranteed benefit riders and universal life insurance contracts with secondary guarantees. Management regularly reviews its assumptions supporting the estimates of these actuarial liabilities and differences between actual experience and the assumptions used in pricing the policies and guarantees may require a change to the assumptions recorded at inception as well as an adjustment to the related liabilities. Updating such assumptions can result in variability of profits or the recognition of losses. 

64 

Table of Contents 

 Given the future policy benefit obligation for these contracts is sensitive to changes in the assumptions related to general account and separate account investment returns, and policyholder behavior including mortality, lapses, premium persistency, benefit election and utilization, and withdrawals, auditing management s selection of these assumptions involves an especially high degree of estimation. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the updating of assumptions by management included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of management s controls over the assumption review process, including those over the selection of the significant assumptions used related to general account and separate account investment returns, and policyholder behavior including mortality, lapses, premium persistency, benefit election and utilization, and withdrawals. 
 With the assistance of our actuarial specialists, we evaluated the appropriateness of the significant assumptions used, developed an independent estimate of the future policy benefit liability for a sample of policies, and compared our estimates to management s estimates. 
 We tested the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data that served as the basis for the actuarial analysis, including experience studies, to test that the inputs to the actuarial estimate were reasonable. 
 We evaluated the methods and significant assumptions used by management to identify potential bias. 
 We evaluated whether the significant assumptions used were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 
 
 Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs (DAC) Refer to Notes 1 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company incurs and defers certain costs in connection with acquiring new and renewal insurance business. These deferred costs, amounting to 5.2 billion as of December 31, 2022, are amortized over the expected life of the policy contract in proportion to actual and expected future gross profits, premiums or margins. For deferred annuities and universal life contracts, expected future gross profits utilized in the amortization calculation are derived using assumptions such as separate account and general account investment returns, mortality, in-force or persistency, benefit elections and utilization, and withdrawals. The assumptions used in the calculation of expected future gross profits are reviewed at least annually. 
 
 Given the significance of the estimates and uncertainty associated with the long-term assumptions utilized in the determination of expected future gross profits, auditing management s determination of the appropriateness of the assumptions used in the calculation of DAC amortization involves an especially high degree of estimation. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to management s determination of DAC amortization included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of management s controls related to the determination of expected future gross profits, including those over management s review that the significant assumptions utilized related to separate account and general account investment returns, mortality, in-force or persistency, benefit elections and utilization, and withdrawals represented a reasonable estimate. 
 With assistance from our actuarial specialists, we evaluated the data included in the estimate provided by the Company s actuaries and the methodology utilized, and evaluated the process used by the Company to determine whether the significant assumptions used were reasonable estimates based on the Company s own experience and industry studies. 
 We inquired of the Company s actuarial specialists whether there were any changes in the methodology utilized during the year in the determination of expected future gross profits. 
 We inspected supporting documentation underlying the Company s experience studies and, utilizing our actuarial specialists, independently recalculated the amortization for a sample of policies, and compared our estimates to management s estimates. 

65 

Table of Contents 

 We evaluated whether the significant assumptions used by the Company were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit and to identify potential bias. 
 We evaluated the sufficiency of the Company s disclosures related to DAC amortization. 
 
 Embedded Derivative Liabilities Related to Variable Annuity Guarantees Refer to Notes 1, 7, and 8 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company sells index-linked annuities and variable annuity products with guaranteed minimum benefits, some of which are embedded derivatives that are required to be bifurcated from the host contract, separately accounted for, and measured at fair value. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the embedded derivative liability associated with certain of the Company s annuity contracts was 5.6 billion. Management utilizes various assumptions in order to measure the embedded liability including expectations concerning policyholder behavior, mortality and risk margins, as well as changes in the Company s own nonperformance risk. These assumptions are reviewed at least annually by management, and if they change significantly, the estimated fair value is adjusted by a cumulative charge or credit to net income. 
 
 Given the embedded derivative liability is sensitive to changes in these assumptions, auditing management s selection of these assumptions involves an especially high degree of estimation. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the assumptions selected by management for the embedded derivative liability included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of management s controls over the embedded derivative liability, including those over the selection of the significant assumptions related to policyholder behavior, mortality, risk margins and the Company s nonperformance risk. 
 With the assistance of our actuarial specialists, we evaluated the appropriateness of the significant assumptions, tested the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data and the mathematical accuracy of the Company s valuation model. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of the Company s assumptions by comparing those selected by management to those independently derived by our actuarial specialists, drawing upon standard actuarial and industry practice. 
 We evaluated the methods and assumptions used by management to identify potential bias in the determination of the embedded liability. 
 We evaluated whether the assumptions used were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 

/s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 
 March 1, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2005. 

66 

Table of Contents 

 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (In millions, except share and per share data) 
 2022 2021 Assets Investments: Fixed maturity securities available-for-sale, at estimated fair value (amortized cost: and , respectively; allowance for credit losses of and , respectively) 
 Equity securities, at estimated fair value Mortgage loans (net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively) 
 Policy loans Limited partnerships and limited liability companies Short-term investments, principally at estimated fair value Other invested assets, principally at estimated fair value (net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively) 
 Total investments Cash and cash equivalents Accrued investment income Premiums, reinsurance and other receivables (net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively) 
 Deferred policy acquisition costs and value of business acquired Current income tax recoverable Deferred income tax asset Other assets Separate account assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Liabilities Future policy benefits Policyholder account balances Other policy-related balances Payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions Long-term and short-term debt Current income tax payable Deferred income tax liability Other liabilities Separate account liabilities Total liabilities Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees (Note 13) Equity Brighthouse Life Insurance Company s stockholder s equity: Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings (deficit) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total Brighthouse Life Insurance Company s stockholder s equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

67 

Table of Contents 

 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In millions) 
 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Premiums Universal life and investment-type product policy fees Net investment income Other revenues Net investment gains (losses) ) ) Net derivative gains (losses) ) ) Total revenues Expenses Policyholder benefits and claims Interest credited to policyholder account balances Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs and value of business acquired Other expenses Total expenses Income (loss) before provision for income tax ) ) ) Provision for income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income (loss) attributable to Brighthouse Life Insurance Company ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

68 

Table of Contents 

 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In millions) 
 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized investment gains (losses), net of related offsets ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Other comprehensive income (loss), before income tax ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit related to items of other comprehensive income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income tax ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Less: Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests, net of income tax Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Brighthouse Life Insurance Company ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

69 

Table of Contents 

 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In millions) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings (Deficit) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Brighthouse Life Insurance Company s Stockholder s Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net of income tax ) ) ) Balance at January 1, 2020 ) Dividends paid to parent ) ) ) ) Change in noncontrolling interests ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income tax Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Dividends paid to parent ) ) ) Change in noncontrolling interests ) ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income tax ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Change in noncontrolling interests ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income tax ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

70 

Table of Contents 

 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In millions) 
 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts associated with investments, net ) ) ) (Gains) losses on investments, net ) (Gains) losses on derivatives, net ) (Income) loss from equity method investments, net of dividends and distributions ) ) Interest credited to policyholder account balances Universal life and investment-type product policy fees ) ) ) Change in accrued investment income ) ) ) Change in premiums, reinsurance and other receivables ) ) Change in deferred policy acquisition costs and value of business acquired, net ) Change in income tax ) ) ) Change in other assets Change in future policy benefits and other policy-related balances Change in other liabilities Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities Sales, maturities and repayments of: Fixed maturity securities Equity securities Mortgage loans Limited partnerships and limited liability companies Purchases of: Fixed maturity securities ) ) ) Equity securities ) ) ) Mortgage loans ) ) ) Limited partnerships and limited liability companies ) ) ) Cash received in connection with freestanding derivatives Cash paid in connection with freestanding derivatives ) ) ) Receipts on loans to affiliate Issuances of loans to affiliate ) ) ) Net change in policy loans ) ) Net change in short-term investments ) Net change in other invested assets ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

71 

Table of Contents 

 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued) 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In millions) 
 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from financing activities Policyholder account balances: Deposits Withdrawals ) ) ) Net change in payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions ) Long-term and short-term debt issued Long-term and short-term debt repaid ) ) ) Dividends paid to parent ) ) Financing element on certain derivative instruments and other derivative related transactions, net ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information Net cash paid (received) for: Interest Income tax ) ) Non-cash transactions: Transfer of mortgage loans to affiliates Transfer of limited partnerships and limited liability companies from affiliates 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

72 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

segments: Annuities; Life; and Run-off. In addition, the Company reports certain of its results of operations in Corporate Other. 
 Basis of Presentation 
 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 Insurance 

73 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

74 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

75 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

76 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

77 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 million and million, respectively. 
 Other Invested Assets 
 Other invested assets consist principally of freestanding derivatives with positive estimated fair values which are described in Derivatives below. 
 Securities Lending Program 
 Securities lending transactions whereby blocks of securities are loaned to third parties, primarily brokerage firms and commercial banks, are treated as financing arrangements and the associated liability is recorded at the amount of cash received. Income and expenses associated with securities lending transactions are reported as investment income and investment expense, respectively, in net investment income. 

78 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

79 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 See Variable Annuity Guarantees, Index-Linked Annuities and Reinsurance for additional information on the accounting policies for embedded derivatives bifurcated from variable annuity and reinsurance host contracts. 

80 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 Other Accounting Policies 

81 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 billion billion, and total stockholder s equity excluding accumulated other comprehensive income by billion billion. The impact of LDTI to total stockholder s equity as of December 31, 2021 is estimated to be a reduction of billion billion, and a reduction to total stockholder s equity excluding accumulated other comprehensive income of billion billion. The impact of LDTI on net income for the year ended December 31, 2021 is estimated to be an increase of billion billion. The changes from the adoption of LDTI are primarily driven by the MRB changes and to a lesser extent the requirement to update the discount rate quarterly in the measurement of the liability for traditional long-duration contracts. Based on prevailing interest rates at December 31, 2022, the Company expects the impact of LDTI to total stockholder s equity as of December 31, 2022 to be significantly lower as compared to such impact as of December 31, 2021. 
 The Company has made significant progress toward adopting the new guidance, including updating systems, validating computations, establishing proper controls, finalizing accounting policies and preparing financial disclosures. Implementation remains in process as of December 31, 2022 as the Company continues to refine its internal controls and processes in advance of formal implementation for the reporting of first quarter of 2023 results. 

82 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

segments: Annuities; Life; and Run-off. In addition, the Company reports certain of its results of operations in Corporate Other. 
 Annuities 
 The Annuities segment consists of a variety of variable, fixed, index-linked and income annuities designed to address contract holders needs for protected wealth accumulation on a tax-deferred basis, wealth transfer and income security. 
 Life 
 The Life segment consists of insurance products and services, including term, universal, whole and variable life products designed to address policyholders needs for financial security and protected wealth transfer, which may be on a tax-advantaged basis. 
 Run-off 
 The Run-off segment consists of products that are no longer actively sold and are separately managed, including ULSG, structured settlements, pension risk transfer contracts, certain company-owned life insurance policies and certain funding agreements. 
 Corporate Other 
 Corporate Other contains the excess capital not allocated to the segments and interest expense related to the Company s outstanding debt, as well as expenses associated with certain legal proceedings and income tax audit issues. Corporate Other also includes long-term care and workers compensation business reinsured through 100 quota share reinsurance agreements, activities related to funding agreements associated with the Company s institutional spread margin business, as well as direct-to-consumer life insurance that is no longer actively sold. 
 Financial Measures and Segment Accounting Policies 
 Adjusted earnings is a financial measure used by management to evaluate performance and facilitate comparisons to industry results. Consistent with GAAP guidance for segment reporting, adjusted earnings is also used to measure segment performance. The Company believes the presentation of adjusted earnings, as the Company measures it for management purposes, enhances the understanding of its performance by the investor community and contract holders by highlighting the results of operations and the underlying profitability drivers of the business. 
 Adjusted earnings, which may be positive or negative, focuses on the Company s primary businesses by excluding the impact of market volatility, which could distort trends. 
 The following are significant items excluded from total revenues in calculating adjusted earnings: 
 Net investment gains (losses); 
 Net derivative gains (losses) except earned income and amortization of premium on derivatives that are hedges of investments or that are used to replicate certain investments, but do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment; and 
 Certain variable annuity GMIB fees GMIB Fees ). 
 The following are significant items excluded from total expenses in calculating adjusted earnings: 
 Amounts associated with benefits related to GMIBs GMIB Costs 
 Amounts associated with periodic crediting rate adjustments based on the total return of a contractually referenced pool of assets; and 
 Amortization of DAC and VOBA related to (i) net investment gains (losses), (ii) net derivative gains (losses) and (iii) GMIB Fees and GMIB Costs. 
 The tax impact of the adjustments discussed above is calculated net of the statutory tax rate, which could differ from the Company s effective tax rate. 

83 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 2. Segment Information (continued) 

) ) ) Provision for income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) ) Post-tax adjusted earnings ) ) Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests Adjusted earnings ) ) Adjustments for: Net investment gains (losses) ) Net derivative gains (losses) Other adjustments to net income (loss) ) Provision for income tax (expense) benefit Net income (loss) attributable to Brighthouse Life Insurance Company ) Interest revenue Interest expense 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Annuities Life Run-off Corporate Other Total (In millions) Pre-tax adjusted earnings ) Provision for income tax expense (benefit) ) Post-tax adjusted earnings ) Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests Adjusted earnings ) Adjustments for: Net investment gains (losses) ) Net derivative gains (losses) ) Other adjustments to net income (loss) Provision for income tax (expense) benefit Net income (loss) attributable to Brighthouse Life Insurance Company Interest revenue Interest expense 

84 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 2. Segment Information (continued) 

 ) ) ) Provision for income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) Post-tax adjusted earnings ) ) ) Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests Adjusted earnings ) ) ) Adjustments for: Net investment gains (losses) Net derivative gains (losses) ) Other adjustments to net income (loss) ) Provision for income tax (expense) benefit Net income (loss) attributable to Brighthouse Life Insurance Company ) Interest revenue Interest expense 
 
 Life Run-off Corporate Other Adjustments ) Total 
 
 Life Run-off Corporate Other Total 

85 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 2. Segment Information (continued) 

 Life insurance products Other products Total 

to . The liability for single premium immediate annuities is based on the present value of expected future payments using the Company s experience for mortality assumptions, with interest rate assumptions used in establishing such liabilities ranging from to . 
 Participating whole life insurance uses an interest assumption based upon a non-forfeiture interest rate of and mortality rates guaranteed in calculating the cash surrender values described in such contracts, and also includes a liability for terminal dividends. Participating whole life insurance represented of the Company s life insurance in-force at both December 31, 2022 and 2021, and , and of gross traditional life insurance premiums for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The liability for future policyholder benefits for long-term care insurance (included in Corporate Other) includes assumptions for morbidity, withdrawals and interest. Interest rate assumptions used for establishing long-term care claim liabilities range from to . Claim reserves for long-term care insurance include best estimate assumptions for claim terminations, expenses and interest. 
 Policyholder account balances liabilities for fixed deferred annuities and universal life insurance have interest credited rates ranging from to . 

86 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 3. Insurance (continued) 

 Incurred guaranteed benefits Paid guaranteed benefits ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Incurred guaranteed benefits ) Paid guaranteed benefits ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Incurred guaranteed benefits Paid guaranteed benefits ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 Net Ceded/(Assumed) Balance at January 1, 2020 ) ) Incurred guaranteed benefits ) Paid guaranteed benefits ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Incurred guaranteed benefits Paid guaranteed benefits ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Incurred guaranteed benefits ) Paid guaranteed benefits ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Net Balance at January 1, 2020 Incurred guaranteed benefits Paid guaranteed benefits ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Incurred guaranteed benefits ) Paid guaranteed benefits ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Incurred guaranteed benefits Paid guaranteed benefits ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 

87 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 3. Insurance (continued) 

 Separate account value Net amount at risk (4) (5) (4) (5) Average attained age of contract holders years years years years 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Secondary Guarantees (Dollars in millions) Universal Life Contracts Total account value (3) Net amount at risk (6) Average attained age of policyholders years years Variable Life Contracts Total account value (3) Net amount at risk (6) Average attained age of policyholders years years 
 _______________ 
 (1) The Company s annuity contracts with guarantees may offer more than one type of guarantee in each contract. Therefore, the amounts listed above may not be mutually exclusive. 
 (2) Includes direct business, but excludes offsets from hedging or reinsurance, if any. Therefore, the net amount at risk reported reflects the economic exposures of living and death benefit guarantees associated with variable annuities, but not necessarily their impact on the Company. See Note 5 for a discussion of guaranteed minimum benefits which have been reinsured. 
 (3) Includes the contract holder s investments in the general account and separate account, if applicable. 
 (4) Defined as the death benefit less the total account value, as of the balance sheet date. It represents the amount of the claim that the Company would incur if death claims were filed on all contracts on the balance sheet date and includes any additional contractual claims associated with riders purchased to assist with covering income taxes payable upon death. 
 (5) Defined as the amount (if any) that would be required to be added to the total account value to purchase a lifetime income stream, based on current annuity rates, equal to the minimum amount provided under the guaranteed benefit. This amount represents the Company s potential economic exposure to such guarantees in the event all contract holders were to annuitize on the balance sheet date, even though the contracts contain terms that allow annuitization of the guaranteed amount only after the 10th anniversary of the contract, which not all contract holders have achieved. 
 (6) Defined as the guarantee amount less the account value, as of the balance sheet date. It represents the amount of the claim that the Company would incur if death claims were filed on all contracts on the balance sheet date. 

88 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 3. Insurance (continued) 

 Equity Bond Money Market Total 
 
 billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company has a secured funding agreement program with the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB of Atlanta. The Company had obligations outstanding under this program of billion and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Funding agreements are issued to FHLBs in exchange for cash, for which the FHLBs have been granted liens on certain assets, some of which are in their custody to collateralize the Company s obligations under the funding agreements. The Company is permitted to withdraw any portion of the collateral in the custody of the FHLBs as long as there is no event of default and the remaining qualified collateral is sufficient to satisfy the collateral maintenance level. Upon any event of default by the Company, the FHLBs recovery on the collateral is limited to the amount of the Company s liabilities to the FHLBs. See Note 6 for information on invested assets pledged as collateral in connection with funding agreements. 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company has a secured funding agreement program with the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation and its affiliate Farmer Mac Mortgage Securities Corporation Farmer Mac ). The Company had obligations outstanding under this program of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Funding agreements are issued to Farmer Mac in exchange for cash, for which Farmer Mac have been granted liens on certain assets to collateralize the Company s obligations under the funding agreements. Upon any event of default by the Company, Farmer Mac s recovery on the collateral is limited to the amount of the Company s liabilities to Farmer Mac. See Note 6 for information on invested assets pledged as collateral in connection with funding agreements. 
 Inactive Funding Agreement Programs 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company has obligations outstanding under inactive funding agreement programs of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

89 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Capitalizations Amortization related to net investment gains (losses) and net derivative gains (losses) ) All other amortization ) ) ) Total amortization ) ) ) Unrealized investment gains (losses) ) Balance at December 31, VOBA: Balance at January 1, Amortization ) ) Unrealized investment gains (losses) Balance at December 31, Total DAC and VOBA: Balance at December 31, 
 The estimated future VOBA amortization expense to be reported in other expenses for the next five years is million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026 and million in 2027. 
 
 Capitalization Amortization ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 

90 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 5. Reinsurance (continued) 

 of the living and death benefit guarantees issued in connection with certain variable annuities issued by NELICO. The Company cedes certain fixed rate annuities to unaffiliated third-party reinsurers, and assumes certain index-linked annuities from an unaffiliated third-party insurer. These reinsurance arrangements are structured on a coinsurance basis and are reported as deposit accounting. 
 For its life products, the Company has historically reinsured the mortality risk primarily on an excess of retention basis or on a quota share basis. In addition to reinsuring mortality risk as described above, the Company reinsures other risks, as well as specific coverages. Placement of reinsurance is done primarily on an automatic basis and also on a facultative basis for risks with specified characteristics. On a case-by-case basis, the Company may retain up to million per life and reinsure of amounts in excess of the amount the Company retains. The Company also reinsures of the risk associated with participating whole life policies to a former affiliate and assumes certain term life policies and universal life policies with secondary death benefit guarantees issued by a former affiliate. The Company evaluates its reinsurance programs routinely and may increase or decrease its retention at any time. 
 Corporate Other 
 The Company reinsures, through quota share reinsurance agreements, certain run-off long-term care and workers compensation business written by the Company. At December 31, 2022, the Company had billion of reinsurance recoverables associated with its reinsured long-term care business. The reinsurer has established trust accounts for the Company s benefit to secure their obligations under the reinsurance agreements. Additionally, the Company is indemnified for losses and certain other payment obligations it might incur with respect to such reinsured long-term care insurance business. 
 Catastrophe Coverage 
 The Company has exposure to catastrophes which could contribute to significant fluctuations in the Company s results of operations. The Company uses excess of retention and quota share reinsurance agreements to provide greater diversification of risk and minimize exposure to larger risks. 
 
 billion and billion of unsecured reinsurance recoverable balances with third-party reinsurers at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company records an allowance for credit losses which is a valuation account that reduces reinsurance recoverable balances to present the net amount expected to be collected from reinsurers. When assessing the creditworthiness of the Company s reinsurance recoverable balances, beyond the analysis of individual claims disputes, the Company considers the financial strength of its reinsurers using public ratings and ratings reports, current existing credit enhancements to reinsurance agreements and the statutory and GAAP financial statements of the reinsurers. Impairments are then determined based on probable and estimable defaults. The Company had an allowance for credit losses of million on its reinsurance recoverable balances at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

91 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 5. Reinsurance (continued) 

 billion of net ceded reinsurance recoverables with third-party reinsurers. Of this total, billion, or , were with the Company s five largest ceded reinsurers, including billion of net ceded reinsurance recoverables which were unsecured. At December 31, 2021, the Company had billion of net ceded reinsurance recoverables with third-party reinsurers. Of this total, billion, or , were with the Company s five largest ceded reinsurers, including billion of net ceded reinsurance recoverables which were unsecured. 
 
 Reinsurance assumed ) Reinsurance ceded ) ) ) Net premiums Universal life and investment-type product policy fees Direct universal life and investment-type product policy fees Reinsurance assumed Reinsurance ceded ) ) ) Net universal life and investment-type product policy fees Other revenues Direct other revenues Reinsurance assumed Reinsurance ceded Net other revenues Policyholder benefits and claims Direct policyholder benefits and claims Reinsurance assumed Reinsurance ceded ) ) ) Net policyholder benefits and claims Other expenses Direct other expenses Reinsurance assumed ) ) Reinsurance ceded ) ) ) Net other expenses 

92 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 5. Reinsurance (continued) 

 Liabilities Future policy benefits Policyholder account balances Other policy-related balances Other liabilities 
 
 billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The deposit liabilities on reinsurance were billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Universal life and investment-type product policy fees Other revenues Policyholder benefits and claims Other expenses ) ) ) 
 Information regarding the significant effects of assumed reinsurance with NELICO included on the consolidated balance sheets was as follows at: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (In millions) Assets Premiums, reinsurance and other receivables (net of allowance for credit losses) Liabilities Future policy benefits Policyholder account balances Other policy-related balances Other liabilities 

93 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 5. Reinsurance (continued) 

 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net derivative gains (losses) associated with the embedded derivatives were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Related party reinsurance agreements that do not expose the Company to a reasonable possibility of a significant loss from insurance risk are recorded using the deposit method of accounting. There were deposit assets on related party reinsurance at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. The deposit liabilities on related party reinsurance were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Foreign corporate U.S. government and agency RMBS CMBS ABS State and political subdivision Foreign government Total fixed maturity securities 
 The Company did t hold non-income producing fixed maturity securities at December 31, 2022. The Company held non-income producing fixed maturity securities with an estimated fair value of million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Estimated fair value 

94 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 6. Investments (continued) 

 Foreign corporate U.S. government and agency RMBS CMBS ABS State and political subdivision Foreign government Total fixed maturity securities Total number of securities in an unrealized loss position 
 Allowance for Credit Losses for Fixed Maturity Securities 
 Evaluation and Measurement Methodologies 
 For fixed maturity securities in an unrealized loss position, management first assesses whether the Company intends to sell, or whether it is more likely than not it will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If either of the criteria regarding intent or requirement to sell is met, the security s amortized cost basis is written down to estimated fair value through net investment gains (losses). For fixed maturity securities that do not meet the aforementioned criteria, management evaluates whether the decline in estimated fair value has resulted from credit losses or other factors. Inherent in management s evaluation of the security are assumptions and estimates about the operations of the issuer and its future earnings potential. Considerations used in the allowance for credit loss evaluation process include, but are not limited to: (i) the extent to which estimated fair value is less than amortized cost; (ii) any changes to the rating of the security by a rating agency; (iii) adverse conditions specifically related to the security, industry or geographic area; and (iv) payment structure of the fixed maturity security and the likelihood of the issuer being able to make payments in the future or the issuer s failure to make scheduled interest and principal payments. If this assessment indicates that a credit loss exists, the present value of cash flows expected to be collected from the security are compared to the amortized cost basis of the security. If the present value of cash flows expected to be collected is less than the amortized cost basis, a credit loss is deemed to exist and an allowance for credit losses is recorded, limited by the amount that the estimated fair value is less than the amortized cost basis, with a corresponding charge to net investment gains (losses). Any unrealized losses that have not been recorded through an allowance for credit losses are recognized in OCI. 
 Once a security specific allowance for credit losses is established, the present value of cash flows expected to be collected from the security continues to be reassessed. Any changes in the security specific allowance for credit losses are recorded as a provision for (or reversal of) credit loss expense in net investment gains (losses). 
 Fixed maturity securities are also evaluated to determine whether any amounts have become uncollectible. When all, or a portion, of a security is deemed uncollectible, the uncollectible portion is written-off with an adjustment to amortized cost and a corresponding reduction to the allowance for credit losses. 

95 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 6. Investments (continued) 

 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included in accrued investment income. 
 Fixed maturity securities are also evaluated to determine if they qualify as purchased financial assets with credit deterioration PCD ). To determine if the credit deterioration experienced since origination is more than insignificant, both (i) the extent of the credit deterioration and (ii) any rating agency downgrades are evaluated. For securities categorized as PCD assets, the present value of cash flows expected to be collected from the security are compared to the par value of the security. If the present value of cash flows expected to be collected is less than the par value, credit losses are embedded in the purchase price of the PCD asset. In this situation, both an allowance for credit losses and amortized cost gross-up is recorded, limited by the amount that the estimated fair value is less than the grossed-up amortized cost basis. Any difference between the purchase price and the present value of cash flows is amortized or accreted into net investment income over the life of the PCD asset. Any subsequent PCD asset allowance for credit losses is evaluated in a manner similar to the process described above for fixed maturity securities. 
 Current Period Evaluation 
 million, relating to securities at December 31, 2022. Management concluded that for all other fixed maturity securities in an unrealized loss position, the unrealized loss was not due to issuer-specific credit-related factors and as a result was recognized in OCI. Where unrealized losses have not been recognized into income, it is primarily because the securities bond issuer(s) are of high credit quality, management does not intend to sell and it is likely that management will not be required to sell the securities prior to their anticipated recovery, and the decline in estimated fair value is largely due to changes in interest rates and non-issuer specific credit spreads. These issuers continued to make timely principal and interest payments and the estimated fair value is expected to recover as the securities approach maturity. 
 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the period, the change in allowance for fixed maturity securities by sector was immaterial. The Company recorded total write-offs of million and million for December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Agricultural Residential Total mortgage loans (1) Allowance for credit losses ) ) ) ) Total mortgage loans, net 
 _______________ 
 (1) Purchases of mortgage loans from third parties were billion and billion for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and were primarily comprised of residential mortgage loans. 

96 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 6. Investments (continued) 

The accrued interest receivable on mortgage loans is included in accrued investment income and totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

97 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 6. Investments (continued) 

 Current period provision ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Current period provision ) PCD credit allowance Balance at December 31, 2021 Current period provision Charge-offs, net of recoveries ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 PCD Mortgage Loans 
 Allowance at acquisition date Discount or premium attributable to other factors ) Par value 

98 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 6. Investments (continued) 

 65 to 75 76 to 80 Greater than 80 Total commercial mortgage loans Agricultural mortgage loans Loan-to-value ratios: Less than 65 65 to 75 Greater than 80 Total agricultural mortgage loans Residential mortgage loans Performing Nonperforming Total residential mortgage loans Total 
 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Prior Total (In millions) December 31, 2021 Commercial mortgage loans Loan-to-value ratios: Less than 65 65 to 75 76 to 80 Greater than 80 Total commercial mortgage loans Agricultural mortgage loans Loan-to-value ratios: Less than 65 65 to 75 Total agricultural mortgage loans Residential mortgage loans Performing Nonperforming Total residential mortgage loans Total 

99 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 6. Investments (continued) 

 1.00x - 1.20x Less than 1.00x Total 
 The debt-service coverage ratio compares a property s net operating income to its debt-service payments. Debt-service coverage ratios less than 1.00 times indicate that property operations do not generate enough income to cover the loan s current debt payments. A debt-service coverage ratio greater than 1.00 times indicates an excess of net operating income over the debt-service payments. 
 
 of all mortgage loans classified as performing at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 30-59 days past due 60-89 days past due 90-179 days past due 180+ days past due Total 

100 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 6. Investments (continued) 

December 31, 2021 
 _______________ 
 (1) All mortgage loans in nonaccrual status had an allowance for credit losses at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Company did not have a significant amount of mortgage loans modified in a TDR during both years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 of other invested assets is comprised of freestanding derivatives with positive estimated fair values. See Note 7 for information about freestanding derivatives with positive estimated fair values. Other invested assets also includes the Company s investment in company-owned life insurance, FHLB stock, the intercompany lending facility, tax credit and renewable energy partnerships and leveraged leases. 
 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The allowance for credit losses was million, at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. Rental receivables are generally due in periodic installments. The payment periods for leveraged leases generally range from one to 10 years. For rental receivables, the primary credit quality indicator is whether the rental receivable is performing or nonperforming, which is assessed monthly. Nonperforming rental receivables are generally defined as those that are 90 days or more past due. At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, all leveraged leases were performing. 

101 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 6. Investments (continued) Derivatives Other ) ) ) Subtotal ) Amounts allocated from: Future policy benefits ) ) DAC and VOBA ) ) Subtotal ) ) Deferred income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Net unrealized investment gains (losses) ) 
 
 Unrealized investment gains (losses) during the year ) ) Unrealized investment gains (losses) relating to: Future policy benefits ) DAC and VOBA ) Deferred income tax benefit (expense) ) Balance at December 31, ) Change in net unrealized investment gains (losses) ) ) 

Estimated fair value Cash collateral received from counterparties (2) Securities collateral received from counterparties (3) Reinvestment portfolio estimated fair value 
 _______________ 
 (1) Included in fixed maturity securities. 
 (2) Included in payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions. 

102 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 6. Investments (continued) 

 U.S. corporate Foreign corporate Foreign government Total 
 _______________ 
 (1) The related loaned security could be returned to the Company on the next business day which would require the Company to immediately return the cash collateral. 
 If the Company is required to return significant amounts of cash collateral on short notice and is forced to sell securities to meet the return obligation, it may have difficulty selling such collateral that is invested in securities in a timely manner, be forced to sell securities in a volatile or illiquid market for less than what otherwise would have been realized in normal market conditions, or both. The estimated fair value of the securities on loan related to the cash collateral on open at December 31, 2022 was million, comprised of U.S. government and agency and U.S. corporate securities which, if put back to the Company, could be immediately sold to satisfy the cash requirement. 
 The reinvestment portfolio acquired with the cash collateral consisted principally of fixed maturity securities (including ABS, agency RMBS, U.S. government and agency securities, U.S. and foreign corporate securities, non-agency RMBS and CMBS) with invested in agency RMBS, U.S. government and agency securities and cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2022. If the securities on loan or the reinvestment portfolio become less liquid, the Company has the liquidity resources of most of its general account available to meet any potential cash demands when securities on loan are put back to the Company. 
 
 Invested assets held in trust (reinsurance agreements) (2) Invested assets pledged as collateral (3) Total invested assets on deposit, held in trust and pledged as collateral 
 _______________ 
 (1) The Company has assets, primarily fixed maturity securities, on deposit with governmental authorities relating to certain policyholder liabilities, of which million and million of the assets on deposit represents restricted cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) The Company has assets, primarily fixed maturity securities, held in trust relating to certain reinsurance transactions, of which million and million of the assets held in trust balance represents restricted cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

103 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 6. Investments (continued) 

See Securities Lending for information regarding securities on loan. In addition, the Company s investment in FHLB common stock, which is considered restricted until redeemed by the issuer, was million and million at redemption value at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 billion at December 31, 2022. The Company s maximum exposure to loss related to these equity method investments is the carrying value of these investments plus unfunded commitments of billion at December 31, 2022. The Company s investments in limited partnerships and LLCs are generally of a passive nature in that the Company does not participate in the management of the entities. 
 As described in Note 1, the Company generally records its share of earnings in its equity method investments using a three-month lag methodology and within net investment income. Aggregate net investment income from these equity method investments exceeded 10 of the Company s consolidated pre-tax income (loss) for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. This aggregated summarized financial data does not represent the Company s proportionate share of the assets, liabilities or earnings of such entities. 
 The aggregated summarized financial data presented below reflects the latest available financial information and is as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Aggregate total assets of these entities totaled billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Aggregate total liabilities of these entities totaled billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Aggregate net income (loss) of these entities totaled billion, billion and billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Aggregate net income (loss) from the underlying entities in which the Company invests is primarily comprised of investment income, including recurring investment income and realized and unrealized investment gains (losses). 

104 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 6. Investments (continued) 

 Limited partnerships and LLCs Total 
 The Company s investments in unconsolidated VIEs are described below. 
 Fixed Maturity Securities 
 The Company invests in U.S. corporate bonds, foreign corporate bonds and Structured Securities issued by VIEs. The Company is not obligated to provide any financial or other support to these VIEs, other than the original investment. The Company s involvement with these entities is limited to that of a passive investor. The Company has no unilateral right to appoint or remove the servicer, special servicer, or investment manager, which are generally viewed as having the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the VIE, nor does the Company function in any of these roles. The Company does not have the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant to the entity; as a result, the Company has determined it is not the primary beneficiary, or consolidator, of the VIE. The Company s maximum exposure to loss on these fixed maturity securities is limited to the amortized cost of these investments. See Fixed Maturity Securities Available-for-sale for information on these securities. 
 Limited Partnerships and LLCs 
 The Company holds investments in certain limited partnerships and LLCs which are VIEs. These ventures include limited partnerships, LLCs, private equity funds, and to a lesser extent tax credit and renewable energy partnerships. The Company is not considered the primary beneficiary, or consolidator, when its involvement takes the form of a limited partner interest and is restricted to a role of a passive investor, as a limited partner s interest does not provide the Company with any substantive kick-out or participating rights, nor does it provide the Company with the power to direct the activities of the fund. The Company s maximum exposure to loss on these investments is limited to: (i) the amount invested in debt or equity of the VIE and (ii) commitments to the VIE, as described in Note 13. 

105 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 6. Investments (continued) 

 Equity securities Mortgage loans Policy loans Limited partnerships and LLCs (1) Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments Other Total investment income Less: Investment expenses Net investment income 
 _______________ 
 (1) Includes net investment income pertaining to other limited partnership interests of million, billion and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Net Investment Gains (Losses) 
 Components of Net Investment Gains (Losses)) ) Equity securities ) Mortgage loans ) ) ) Limited partnerships and LLCs ) ) Other ) Total net investment gains (losses) ) ) 
 Gains (losses) from foreign currency transactions included within net investment gains (losses) were million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

106 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 6. Investments (continued) 

Gross investment gains Gross investment losses ) ) ) Net investment gains (losses) ) ) 

The Company maintains an overall risk management strategy that incorporates the use of derivative instruments to minimize its exposure to various market risks, including interest rate, foreign currency exchange rate, credit and equity market. 
 
 Interest Rate Derivatives 
 Interest rate swaps: The Company uses interest rate swaps to manage the collective interest rate risks primarily in variable annuity products and ULSG. 
 Interest rate caps: The Company uses interest rate caps to protect its floating rate liabilities against rises in interest rates above a specified level, and against interest rate exposure arising from mismatches between assets and liabilities. 
 
 Interest rate swaptions: The Company uses interest rate swaptions to manage the collective interest rate risks primarily in variable annuity products and ULSG. Interest rate swaptions are included in interest rate options. 
 Interest rate forwards: The Company uses interest rate forwards to manage the collective interest rate risks primarily in variable annuity products and ULSG. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Derivatives 
 Foreign currency swaps: The Company uses foreign currency swaps to convert foreign currency denominated cash flows to U.S. dollars to reduce cash flow fluctuations due to changes in currency exchange rates. 
 Foreign currency forwards: The Company uses foreign currency forwards to hedge currency exposure on its invested assets. 

107 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 7. Derivatives (continued) 

Credit default swaptions: The Company uses credit default swaptions to synthetically create investments that are either more expensive to acquire or otherwise unavailable in the cash markets. Swaptions are used to create callable bonds from replication synthetic asset transaction RSAT positions. This enhances the income of the RSAT program through earned premiums while not changing the credit profile of the RSATs. 
 Equity Market Derivatives 
 Equity index options: The Company uses equity index options primarily to hedge minimum guarantees embedded in certain variable annuity products against adverse changes in equity markets. Additionally, the Company uses equity index options to hedge index-linked annuity products and certain invested assets against adverse changes in equity markets. Certain of these contracts may also contain settlement provisions linked to interest rates hybrid options ). 
 Equity total return swaps: The Company uses equity total return swaps to hedge minimum guarantees embedded in certain variable annuity products against adverse changes in equity markets. Additionally, the Company uses equity total return swaps to hedge index-linked annuity products against adverse changes in equity markets. 
 Equity variance swaps: The Company uses equity variance swaps to hedge minimum guarantees embedded in certain variable annuity products offered by the Company. 

108 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 7. Derivatives (continued) 

 Foreign currency swaps Foreign currency exchange rate Total qualifying hedges Derivatives Not Designated or Not Qualifying as Hedging Instruments: Interest rate swaps Interest rate Interest rate floors Interest rate Interest rate caps Interest rate Interest rate options Interest rate Interest rate forwards Interest rate Foreign currency swaps Foreign currency exchange rate Foreign currency forwards Foreign currency exchange rate Credit default swaps written Credit Credit default swaptions Credit Equity index options Equity market Equity variance swaps Equity market Equity total return swaps Equity market Hybrid options Equity market Total non-designated or non-qualifying derivatives Embedded derivatives: Ceded guaranteed minimum income benefits Other N/A N/A Direct index-linked annuities Other N/A N/A Direct guaranteed minimum benefits Other N/A N/A Assumed guaranteed minimum benefits Other N/A N/A Assumed index-linked annuities Other N/A N/A Total embedded derivatives N/A N/A Total 
 Based on gross notional amounts, a substantial portion of the Company s derivatives was not designated or did not qualify as part of a hedging relationship at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company s use of derivatives includes (i) derivatives that serve as macro hedges of the Company s exposure to various risks and generally do not qualify for hedge accounting because they do not meet the criteria required under portfolio hedging rules; (ii) derivatives that economically hedge insurance liabilities and generally do not qualify for hedge accounting because they do not meet the criteria of being highly effective as outlined in Accounting Standards Codification 815 Derivatives and Hedging; (iii) derivatives that economically hedge embedded derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting because the changes in estimated fair value of the embedded derivatives are already recorded in net income; and (iv) written credit default swaps that are used to create synthetic credit investments and that do not qualify for hedge accounting because they do not involve a hedging relationship. 

109 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 7. Derivatives (continued) 

 ) Foreign currency exchange rate ) Total cash flow hedges ) Derivatives Not Designated or Not Qualifying as Hedging Instruments: Interest rate ) Foreign currency exchange rate ) Credit ) Equity market Embedded Total non-qualifying hedges ) Total ) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Net Derivative Gains (Losses) Recognized for Derivatives Net Derivative Gains (Losses) Recognized for Hedged Items Net Investment Income Amount of Gains (Losses) Deferred in AOCI (In millions) Derivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments: Cash flow hedges: Interest rate ) Foreign currency exchange rate ) Total cash flow hedges ) Derivatives Not Designated or Not Qualifying as Hedging Instruments: Interest rate ) Foreign currency exchange rate Credit Equity market ) Embedded ) Total non-qualifying hedges ) Total ) ) 

110 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 7. Derivatives (continued) 

 Foreign currency exchange rate ) ) Total cash flow hedges ) ) Derivatives Not Designated or Not Qualifying as Hedging Instruments: Interest rate Foreign currency exchange rate ) ) Credit Equity market ) Embedded ) Total non-qualifying hedges ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the maximum length of time over which the Company was hedging its exposure to variability in future cash flows for forecasted transactions was one year and two years, respectively. 
 million and million, respectively . 
 
 Baa Ba Caa and Lower ) ) Total 
 _______________ 

111 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 7. Derivatives (continued) 

The Company may be exposed to credit-related losses in the event of counterparty nonperformance on derivative instruments. 
 The Company manages its credit risk by: (i) entering into derivative transactions with creditworthy counterparties governed by master netting agreements; (ii) trading through regulated exchanges and central clearing counterparties; (iii) obtaining collateral, such as cash and securities, when appropriate; and (iv) setting limits on single party credit exposures which are subject to periodic management review. 
 See Note 8 for a description of the impact of credit risk on the valuation of derivatives. 
 ) ) ) Derivative liabilities ) ) December 31, 2021 
 Derivative assets ) ) ) Derivative liabilities ) ) 
 _______________ 
 (1) Represents amounts subject to an enforceable master netting agreement or similar agreement. 
 (2) The amount of cash collateral offset in the table above is limited to the net estimated fair value of derivatives after application of netting agreement. 
 (3) Securities collateral received from counterparties is not reported on the consolidated balance sheets and may not be sold or re-pledged unless the counterparty is in default. Amounts do not include excess of collateral pledged or received. 
 The Company s collateral arrangements generally require the counterparty in a net liability position, after considering the effect of netting agreements, to pledge collateral when the amount owed by that counterparty reaches a minimum transfer amount. Certain of these arrangements also include credit-contingent provisions which permit the party with positive fair value to terminate the derivative at the current fair value or demand immediate full collateralization from the party in a net liability position, in the event that the financial strength or credit rating of the party in a net liability position falls below a certain level. 

112 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 7. Derivatives (continued) 

 Estimated Fair Value of Collateral Provided (2): Fixed maturity securities 
 _______________ 
 (1) After taking into consideration the existence of netting agreements. 
 (2) Substantially all of the Company s collateral arrangements provide for daily posting of collateral for the full value of the derivative contract. As a result, if the credit-contingent provisions of derivative contracts in a net liability position were triggered, minimal additional assets would be required to be posted as collateral or needed to settle the instruments immediately. Additionally, the Company is required to pledge initial margin for certain new OTC-bilateral derivative transactions to third-party custodians. 

113 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Fair Value (continued) 

 Foreign corporate U.S. government and agency RMBS CMBS ABS State and political subdivision Foreign government Total fixed maturity securities Equity securities Short-term investments Derivative assets: (1) Interest rate Foreign currency exchange rate Credit Equity market Total derivative assets Embedded derivatives within asset host contracts (2) Separate account assets Total assets Liabilities Derivative liabilities: (1) Interest rate Foreign currency exchange rate Credit Equity market Total derivative liabilities Embedded derivatives within liability host contracts (2) Total liabilities 

114 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Fair Value (continued) 

 Foreign corporate U.S. government and agency RMBS CMBS ABS State and political subdivision Foreign government Total fixed maturity securities Equity securities Short-term investments Derivative assets: (1) Interest rate Foreign currency exchange rate Credit Equity market Total derivative assets Embedded derivatives within asset host contracts (2) Separate account assets Total assets Liabilities Derivative liabilities: (1) Interest rate Foreign currency exchange rate Credit Equity market Total derivative liabilities Embedded derivatives within liability host contracts (2) Total liabilities 
 _______________ 
 (1) Derivative assets are reported in other invested assets and derivative liabilities are reported in other liabilities. The amounts are presented gross in the tables above to reflect the presentation on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) Embedded derivatives within asset host contracts are reported in premiums, reinsurance and other receivables. Embedded derivatives within liability host contracts are reported in policyholder account balances. 

115 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Fair Value (continued) 

116 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Fair Value (continued) 

117 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Fair Value (continued) 

 The Company issues and assumes through reinsurance index-linked annuities which allow the policyholder to participate in returns from equity indices. The crediting rates associated with these features are embedded derivatives which are measured at estimated fair value separately from the host fixed annuity contract, with changes in estimated fair value reported in net derivative gains (losses). These embedded derivatives are classified in policyholder account balances. 
 The estimated fair value of crediting rates associated with index-linked annuities is determined using a combination of an option pricing model and an option-budget approach. The valuation of these embedded derivatives also includes the establishment of a risk margin, as well as changes in nonperformance risk. 

118 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Fair Value (continued) 

 - - Decrease (1) Lapse rates - - Decrease (2) Utilization rates - - Increase (3) Withdrawal rates - - (4) Long-term equity volatilities - - Increase (5) Nonperformance risk spread - ) - Decrease (6) 
 _______________ 
 (1) Mortality rates vary by age and by demographic characteristics such as gender. The range shown reflects the mortality rate for policyholders between 35 and 90 years old, which represents the majority of the business with living benefits. Mortality rate assumptions are set based on company experience and include an assumption for mortality improvement. 
 (2) The range shown reflects base lapse rates for major product categories for duration 1-20, which represents majority of business with living benefit riders. Base lapse rates are adjusted at the contract level based on a comparison of the actuarially calculated guaranteed values and the current policyholder account value, as well as other factors, such as the applicability of any surrender charges. A dynamic lapse function reduces the base lapse rate when the guaranteed amount is greater than the account value as in-the-money contracts are less likely to lapse. Lapse rates are also generally assumed to be lower in periods when a surrender charge applies. 
 (3) The utilization rate assumption estimates the percentage of contract holders with a GMIB or lifetime withdrawal benefit who will elect to utilize the benefit upon becoming eligible in a given year. The range shown represents the floor and cap of the GMIB dynamic election rates across varying levels of in-the-money. For lifetime withdrawal guarantee riders, the assumption is that everyone will begin withdrawals once account value reaches zero which is equivalent to a 100 utilization rate. Utilization rates may vary by the type of guarantee, the amount by which the guaranteed amount is greater than the account value, the contract s withdrawal history and by the age of the policyholder. 
 (4) The withdrawal rate represents the percentage of account balance that any given policyholder will elect to withdraw from the contract each year. The withdrawal rate assumption varies by age and duration of the contract, and also by other factors such as benefit type. For any given contract, withdrawal rates vary throughout the period over which cash flows are projected for purposes of valuing the embedded derivative. For GMWBs, any increase (decrease) in withdrawal rates results in an increase (decrease) in the estimated fair value of the guarantees. For GMABs and GMIBs, any increase (decrease) in withdrawal rates results in a decrease (increase) in the estimated fair value. 
 (5) Long-term equity volatilities represent equity volatility beyond the period for which observable equity volatilities are available. For any given contract, long-term equity volatility rates vary throughout the period over which cash flows are projected for purposes of valuing the embedded derivative. 
 (6) Nonperformance risk spread varies by duration. For any given contract, multiple nonperformance risk spreads will apply, depending on the duration of the cash flow being discounted for purposes of valuing the embedded derivative. 

119 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Fair Value (continued) 

120 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Fair Value (continued) 

 ) Total realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in net income (loss) (5) (6) ) ) Total realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in AOCI ) Purchases (7) Sales (7) ) ) Issuances (7) Settlements (7) ) Transfers into Level 3 (8) Transfers out of Level 3 (8) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 
 ) Total realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in net income (loss) (5) (6) ) ) Total realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in AOCI ) ) ) Purchases (7) Sales (7) ) ) ) ) ) Issuances (7) Settlements (7) ) Transfers into Level 3 (8) Transfers out of Level 3 (8) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 ) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in net income (loss) for the instruments still held at December 31, 2020 (9) 
 ) ) ) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in net income (loss) for the instruments still held at December 31, 2021 (9) 
 ) ) ) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in net income (loss) for the instruments still held at December 31, 2022 (9) 
 ) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in OCI for the instruments still held at December 31, 2020 (9) 
 ) ) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in OCI for the instruments still held as of December 31, 2021 (9) 
 ) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in OCI for the instruments still held as of December 31, 2022 (9) 
 ) ) ) Gains (Losses) Data for the year ended December 31, 2020: 
 Total realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in net income (loss) (5) (6) ) ) Total realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in AOCI ) ) 
 _______________ 

121 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Fair Value (continued) 

122 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Fair Value (continued) 

 Policy loans Other invested assets Premiums, reinsurance and other receivables Liabilities Policyholder account balances Short-term debt Long-term debt Other liabilities Separate account liabilities 
 December 31, 2021 Fair Value Hierarchy Carrying Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Estimated Fair Value (In millions) Assets Mortgage loans Policy loans Other invested assets Premiums, reinsurance and other receivables Liabilities Policyholder account balances Long-term debt Other liabilities Separate account liabilities 

123 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

2059 Surplus note affiliated (1) 2058 Surplus note affiliated (1) 2058 Other long-term debt unaffiliated (2) 2030 Total long-term debt 
 _______________ 
 (1) Interest on affiliated surplus notes is payable annually. Payments of interest and principal may be made only with the prior approval of the Delaware Department of Insurance. 
 (2) Represents non-recourse debt of a subsidiary for which creditors have no access, subject to customary exceptions, to the general assets of the Company other than recourse to certain investment companies. 
 The aggregate maturities of long-term debt at December 31, 2022 were million in each of 2023 and 2024, million in each of 2025, 2026 and 2027, and million thereafter. 
 Interest expense related to long-term and short-term debt of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, is included in other expenses, of which million, million and million, respectively, was associated with affiliated debt. 
 Intercompany Liquidity Facilities 
 BHF has established an intercompany liquidity facility with certain of its insurance and non-insurance subsidiaries to provide short-term liquidity within and across the combined group of companies. Under the facility, which is comprised of a series of revolving loan agreements among BHF and its participating subsidiaries, each company may lend to or borrow from each other, subject to certain maximum limits for a term of up to 364 days, depending on the agreement. 
 On May 16, 2022, BH Holdings issued a million promissory note to Brighthouse Life Insurance Company and Brighthouse Life Insurance Company of NY BHNY issued a million promissory note to BH Holdings (the May 2022 Promissory Notes ), in which both notes bore interest at a fixed rate of . Upon maturity on August 16, 2022, the May 2022 Promissory Notes were replaced by two new promissory notes which bore interest at a fixed rate of (the August 2022 Promissory Notes ). Upon maturity on November 16, 2022, the August 2022 Promissory Notes were replaced by two new promissory notes that bear interest at a fixed rate of and , respectively, and both mature on February 16, 2023 (the November 2022 Promissory Notes ). See Note 15 for more information. 
 Committed Facilities 
 Reinsurance Financing Arrangement 
 Brighthouse Reinsurance Company of Delaware BRCD maintains a financing arrangement with a pool of highly rated third-party reinsurers consisting of credit-linked notes that each mature in 2039. Effective December 31, 2022, with the explicit permission of the Delaware Commissioner, BRCD amended its financing agreement to increase the maximum facility from billion to billion. At December 31, 2022, there were borrowings and there was billion of funding available under this financing arrangement. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized commitment fees of million, million and million, respectively, in other expenses associated with this financing arrangement. 

124 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 9. Long-term and Short-term Debt (continued) 

 billion for a term of up to three years. Under the Repurchase Facilities, Brighthouse Life Insurance Company may sell certain eligible securities at a purchase price based on the market value of the securities less an applicable margin based on the types of securities sold, with a concurrent agreement to repurchase such securities at a predetermined future date (up to three months) and at a price which represents the original purchase price plus interest. At December 31, 2022, there were borrowings under the Repurchase Facilities. 

) ) Brighthouse Life Insurance Company of NY New York ) ) ) 
 Statutory capital and surplus was as follows at: 
 December 31, Company 2022 2021 (In millions) Brighthouse Life Insurance Company Brighthouse Life Insurance Company of NY 
 
 billion and billion for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The statutory net income (loss) of BRCD was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and the combined statutory capital and surplus, including the aforementioned prescribed practices, were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

125 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 10. Equity (continued) 

 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company of NY 
 _______________ 
 (1) Reflects dividend amounts that may be paid during 2023 without prior regulatory approval. However, because dividend tests may be based on dividends previously paid over rolling 12-month periods, if paid before a specified date during 2023, some or all of such dividends may require regulatory approval to the extent dividends were paid in 2022. 
 (2) Reflects all amounts paid, including those requiring regulatory approval. 
 Under the Delaware Insurance Law, Brighthouse Life Insurance Company is permitted, without prior insurance regulatory clearance, to pay a stockholder dividend as long as the amount of the dividend when aggregated with all other dividends in the preceding 12 months does not exceed the greater of: (i) 10 of its surplus to policyholders as of the end of the immediately preceding calendar year; or (ii) its net gain from operations for the immediately preceding calendar year (excluding realized capital gains), not including pro rata distributions of Brighthouse Life Insurance Company s own securities. Brighthouse Life Insurance Company will be permitted to pay a stockholder dividend in excess of the greater of such two amounts only if it files notice of the declaration of such a dividend and the amount thereof with the Delaware Commissioner and the Delaware Commissioner either approves the distribution of the dividend or does not disapprove the distribution within 30 days of its filing. In addition, any dividend that exceeds earned surplus (defined as unassigned funds (surplus) as of the immediately preceding calendar year requires insurance regulatory approval. Under the Delaware Insurance Law, the Delaware Commissioner has broad discretion in determining whether the financial condition of a stock life insurance company would support the payment of such dividends to its stockholders. 
 Under New York insurance laws, BHNY is permitted, without prior insurance regulatory clearance, to pay stockholder dividends to its parent in any calendar year based on one of two standards. Under one standard, BHNY is permitted, without prior insurance regulatory clearance, to pay dividends out of earned surplus (defined as positive unassigned funds (surplus) , excluding 85 of the change in net unrealized capital gains or losses (less capital gains tax), for the immediately preceding calendar year), in an amount up to the greater of: (i) 10 of its surplus to policyholders as of the end of the immediately preceding calendar year or (ii) its statutory net gain from operations for the immediately preceding calendar year (excluding realized capital gains), not to exceed 30 of surplus to policyholders as of the end of the immediately preceding calendar year. In addition, under this standard, BHNY may not, without prior insurance regulatory clearance, pay any dividends in any calendar year immediately following a calendar year for which its net gain from operations, excluding realized capital gains, was negative. Under the second standard, if dividends are paid from a source other than earned surplus, BHNY may, without prior insurance regulatory clearance, pay an amount up to the lesser of: (i) 10 of its surplus to policyholders as of the end of the immediately preceding calendar year or (ii) its statutory net gain from operations for the immediately preceding calendar year (excluding realized capital gains). In addition, BHNY will be permitted to pay a dividend to its parent in excess of the amounts allowed under both standards only if it files notice of its intention to declare such a dividend and the amount thereof with the NY Superintendent, and the NY Superintendent either approves the distribution of the dividend or does not disapprove the dividend within 30 days of its filing. To the extent BHNY pays a stockholder dividend, such dividend will be paid to Brighthouse Life Insurance Company, its direct parent and sole stockholder. 

126 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 10. Equity (continued) 

 t pay any extraordinary dividends during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, BRCD paid an extraordinary dividend in the form of the settlement of affiliated reinsurance balances of million, invested assets of million and cash of million. During the year ended December 31, 2020, BRCD paid an extraordinary dividend in the form of invested assets of million and the settlement of affiliated reinsurance balances of million, which was approved by the Delaware Commissioner in December 2019. During each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, BRCD paid cash dividends of million to its preferred shareholders. 
 
 ) OCI before reclassifications (2) ) Deferred income tax benefit (expense) (3) ) ) ) AOCI before reclassifications, net of income tax ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) ) Deferred income tax benefit (expense) (3) Amounts reclassified from AOCI, net of income tax ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) OCI before reclassifications ) ) Deferred income tax benefit (expense) (3) ) AOCI before reclassifications, net of income tax ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) Deferred income tax benefit (expense) (3) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI, net of income tax ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) OCI before reclassifications ) ) ) Deferred income tax benefit (expense) (3) ) AOCI before reclassifications, net of income tax ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) Deferred income tax benefit (expense) (3) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI, net of income tax ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 _______________ 
 (1) See Note 6 for information on offsets to investments related to future policy benefits, DAC, VOBA and DSI. 
 (2) Includes million related to the adoption of the allowance for credit losses guidance 
 (3) 

127 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 10. Equity (continued) ) Net investment gains (losses) Net unrealized investment gains (losses) ) ) ) Net derivative gains (losses) Net unrealized investment gains (losses), before income tax ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) Net unrealized investment gains (losses), net of income tax ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives - cash flow hedges: Interest rate swaps Net derivative gains (losses) Interest rate swaps Net investment income Foreign currency swaps Net derivative gains (losses) Gains (losses) on cash flow hedges, before income tax Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) ) Gains (losses) on cash flow hedges, net of income tax Total reclassifications, net of income tax ) 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, of which substantially all were reported in the Annuities segment. 

128 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 11. Other Expenses (continued) 

 Contracted services and other labor costs Transition services agreements Establishment costs Premium and other taxes, licenses and fees Volume related costs, excluding compensation, net of DAC capitalization Interest expense on debt Other Total other expenses 
 Capitalization of DAC 
 See Note 4 for additional information on the capitalization of DAC. 
 Interest Expense on Debt 
 See Note 9 for attribution of interest expense by debt issuance. 
 Related Party Expenses 
 See Note 14 for a discussion of related party expenses included in the table above. 
 
 Deferred: Federal ) ) ) Provision for income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) 

129 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 12. Income Tax (continued) 
 ) ) Tax effect of: Resolution of prior years ) ) Dividends received deduction ) ) ) Change in uncertain tax benefits ) Tax credits ) ) ) Return to provision ) Adjustments to deferred tax ) ) ) Change in valuation allowance Other, net ) ) Provision for income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) Effective tax rate 
 Deferred income tax represents the tax effect of the differences between the book and tax bases of assets and liabilities. 
 Net operating loss carryforwards Investments, including derivatives Tax credit carryforwards Intangibles Employee benefits Other Total deferred income tax assets Less: Valuation allowance Total net deferred income tax assets Deferred income tax liabilities: Policyholder liabilities and receivables DAC Net unrealized investment gains Investments, including derivatives Total deferred income tax liabilities Net deferred income tax asset (liability) ) 

130 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 12. Income Tax (continued) 

Indefinite 
 2027-2031 2032-2036 2037-2041 Indefinite 
 The Company believes that it is more likely than not that the benefit from certain tax credit carryforwards will not be realized. Accordingly, a valuation allowance of million has been established on the deferred tax assets related to the tax credit carryforwards at December 31, 2022. 
 The Company s liability for unrecognized tax benefits may increase or decrease in the next 12 months. A reasonable estimate of the increase or decrease cannot be made at this time. However, the Company continues to believe that the ultimate resolution of the pending issues will not result in a material change to its consolidated financial statements, although the resolution of income tax matters could impact the Company s effective tax rate in the future. 
 Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years Additions for tax positions of current year Reductions for tax positions of current year Settlements with tax authorities Lapses of statutes of limitations ) Balance at December 31, Unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized would impact the effective rate 
 The Company classifies interest accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense, included in other expenses, while penalties are included in income tax expense. Interest related to unrecognized tax benefits was not significant. The Company had penalties for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

131 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 12. Income Tax (continued) 

million, and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company paid MetLife, Inc. million and , respectively, under the tax separation agreement. At December 31, 2022, there was a current income tax receivable of million, and at December 31, 2021, there was a current income tax payable of million related to this agreement. 

132 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 13. Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees (continued) 

 million. 
 Matters as to Which an Estimate Cannot Be Made 
 For other matters, the Company is not currently able to estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of loss. The Company is often unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss until developments in such matters have provided sufficient information to support an assessment of the range of possible loss, such as quantification of a damage demand from plaintiffs, discovery from other parties and investigation of factual allegations, rulings by the court on motions or appeals, analysis by experts, and the progress of settlement negotiations. On a quarterly and annual basis, the Company reviews relevant information with respect to litigation contingencies and updates its accruals, disclosures and estimates of reasonably possible losses or ranges of loss based on such reviews. 
 Sales Practices Claims 
 Over the past several years, the Company has faced claims and regulatory inquiries and investigations, alleging improper marketing or sales of individual life insurance policies, annuities or other products. The Company continues to defend vigorously against the claims in these matters. The Company believes adequate provision has been made in its consolidated financial statements for all probable and reasonably estimable losses for sales practices matters. 
 Cost of Insurance Class Actions 
 Richard A. Newton v. Brighthouse Life Insurance Company (U.S. District Court, Northern District of Georgia, Atlanta Division, filed May 8, 2020). Plaintiff has filed a purported class action lawsuit against Brighthouse Life Insurance Company. Plaintiff was the owner of a universal life insurance policy issued by Travelers Insurance Company, a predecessor to Brighthouse Life Insurance Company. Plaintiff seeks to certify a class of all persons who own or owned life insurance policies issued where the terms of the life insurance policy provide or provided, among other things, a guarantee that the cost of insurance rates would not be increased by more than a specified percentage in any contract year. Plaintiff also alleges that cost of insurance charges were based on improper factors and should have decreased over time due to improving mortality but did not. Plaintiff alleges, among other things, causes of action for breach of contract, fraud, suppression and concealment, and violation of the Georgia Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act. Plaintiff seeks to recover damages, including punitive damages, interest and treble damages, attorneys fees, and injunctive and declaratory relief. Brighthouse Life Insurance Company filed a motion to dismiss in June 2020, which was granted in part and denied in part in March 2021. Plaintiff was granted leave to amend the complaint. On January 18, 2023, the plaintiff filed a motion on consent to amend the second amended class action complaint to narrow the scope of the class sought to those who own or owned policies issued in Georgia; the motion was granted on January 23, 2023, and the third amended complaint was filed on January 23, 2023. The Company intends to vigorously defend this matter. 

133 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 13. Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees (continued) 

 up to approximately million, which are primarily associated with the reinsurance-related matters described above. For certain other matters, the Company may not currently be able to estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of loss until developments in such matters have provided sufficient information to support an assessment of such loss. During the second quarter of 2022, the Company settled a reinsurance-related matter with a third party for million, which is reported in other expenses. 

134 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 13. Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees (continued) 

 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Commitments to Fund Partnership Investments, and Private Corporate Bond Investments 
 The Company commits to fund partnership investments and to lend funds under private corporate bond investments. The amounts of these unfunded commitments were billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 million to million, with a cumulative maximum of million, while in other cases such limitations are not specified or applicable. Since certain of these obligations are not subject to limitations, the Company does not believe that it is possible to determine the maximum potential amount that could become due under these guarantees in the future. Management believes that it is unlikely the Company will have to make any material payments under these indemnities, guarantees, or commitments. 
 In addition, the Company indemnifies its directors and officers as provided in its charters and bylaws. Also, the Company indemnifies its agents for liabilities incurred as a result of their representation of the Company s interests. Since these indemnities are generally not subject to limitation with respect to duration or amount, the Company does not believe that it is possible to determine the maximum potential amount that could become due under these indemnities in the future. 
 The Company s recorded liabilities were million at both December 31, 2022 and 2021 for indemnities, guarantees and commitments. 

135 

Table of Contents 
 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 (An Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc.) 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Costs incurred under these arrangements were million, billion and billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and were recorded in other expenses. 
 Included in these costs were those incurred related to the establishment of services and infrastructure to replace those previously provided by MetLife, Inc.. The Company incurred costs of , and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company has been charged a fee to reflect the value of the available infrastructure and services provided by these costs. While management believes the method used to allocate expenses under this arrangement has been reasonable, the allocated expenses may not have been indicative of those of a standalone entity. These establishment costs were fully allocated as of December 31, 2020. 
 The Company had net receivables from/(payables to) affiliates, related to the items discussed above, of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Broker-Dealer Transactions 
 The related party expense for the Company was commissions paid on the sale of variable products and passed through to the broker-dealer affiliate. The related party revenue for the Company was fee income passed through the broker-dealer affiliate from trusts and mutual funds whose shares serve as investment options of policyholders of the Company. Fee income received related to these transactions and recorded in other revenues was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Commission expenses incurred related to these transactions and recorded in other expenses was million, billion and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company also had related party fee income receivables of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million promissory notes that each bear interest at a fixed rate of and , respectively, and both mature on May 16, 2023. 

136 

Table of Contents 

 State and political subdivision Public utilities Foreign government All other corporate bonds Total bonds Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities Redeemable preferred stock Total fixed maturity securities Equity securities: Non-redeemable preferred stock Common stock: Industrial, miscellaneous and all other Public utilities Total equity securities Mortgage loans Policy loans Limited partnerships and LLCs Short-term investments Other invested assets Total investments 
 _______________ 
 (1) Cost or amortized cost for fixed maturity securities represents original cost reduced by impairments that are charged to earnings and adjusted for amortization of premiums or accretion of discounts; for mortgage loans, cost represents original cost reduced by repayments and valuation allowances and adjusted for amortization of premiums or accretion of discounts; for equity securities, cost represents original cost; for limited partnerships and LLCs, cost represents original cost adjusted for equity in earnings and distributions. 

137 

Table of Contents 

and , respectively; allowance for credit losses of and , respectively) 
 Equity securities, at estimated fair value Mortgage loans (net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively) 
 Policy loans Limited partnerships and limited liability companies Short-term investments, principally at estimated fair value Investment in subsidiaries Other invested assets, principally at estimated fair value Total investments Cash and cash equivalents Accrued investment income Premiums, reinsurance and other receivables (net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively) 
 Receivable from subsidiaries Deferred policy acquisition costs and value of business acquired Current income tax recoverable Deferred income tax asset Other assets Separate account assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholder's Equity Liabilities Future policy benefits Policyholder account balances Other policy-related balances Payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions Long-term and short-term debt Current income tax payable Other liabilities Separate account liabilities Total liabilities Stockholder's Equity Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings (deficit) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total stockholder's equity Total liabilities and stockholder's equity 
 See accompanying notes to the condensed financial information. 

138 

Table of Contents 

Universal life and investment-type product policy fees Net investment income Other revenues Net investment gains (losses) ) Net derivative gains (losses) ) ) Total revenues Expenses Policyholder benefits and claims Interest credited to policyholder account balances Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs and value of business acquired Other expenses Total expenses Income (loss) before provision for income tax and equity in earnings (losses) of subsidiaries ) ) Provision for income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Income (loss) before equity in earnings (losses) of subsidiaries ) Equity in earnings (losses) of subsidiaries ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Brighthouse Life Insurance Company ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to the condensed financial information. 

139 

Table of Contents 
 Cash flows from investing activities Sales, maturities and repayments of: 
 Fixed maturity securities Equity securities Mortgage loans Limited partnerships and limited liability companies Purchases of: 
 Fixed maturity securities ) ) ) Equity securities ) ) ) Mortgage loans ) ) ) Limited partnerships and limited liability companies ) ) ) Cash received in connection with freestanding derivatives 
 Cash paid in connection with freestanding derivatives 
 ) ) ) Receipts on loans to affiliate Issuances of loans to affiliate ) ) Returns of capital and dividends from subsidiaries 
 Capital contributions to subsidiaries 
 ) Net change in policy loans 
 ) ) Net change in short-term investments 
 ) Net change in other invested assets ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Policyholder account balances: 
 Deposits Withdrawals ) ) ) Net change in payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions 
 ) Dividends paid to parent ) ) Financing element on certain derivative instruments and other derivative related transactions, net 
 ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information Net cash paid (received) for: 
 Interest Income tax ) ) Non-cash transactions: 
 Transfer of fixed maturity securities from affiliates Transfer of limited partnerships and limited liability companies to affiliates Transfer of fixed maturity securities to affiliates Transfer of mortgage loans to affiliates 
 See accompanying notes to the condensed financial information. 

140 

Table of Contents 

million to BHNY. See Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding dividends paid by BRCD to Brighthouse Life Insurance Company. 

141 

Table of Contents 

 Life Run-off Corporate Other Total 2021 Annuities Life Run-off Corporate Other Total 
 _______________ 
 (1) Amounts are included in the future policy benefits and other policy-related balances column. 
 (2) Includes premiums received in advance. 

142 

Table of Contents 

 Life Run-off Corporate Other ) Total 2021 Annuities Life Run-off Corporate Other Total 2020 Annuities Life Run-off Corporate Other ) Total 
 _______________ 
 (1) See Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the basis of allocation of net investment income. 

143 

Table of Contents 

 Insurance premium Life insurance (1) Accident health insurance Total insurance premium 2021 Life insurance in-force Insurance premium Life insurance (1) ) ) Accident health insurance Total insurance premium ) ) 2020 Life insurance in-force Insurance premium Life insurance (1) Accident health insurance Total insurance premium 
 _______________ 
 (1) Includes annuities with life contingencies. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, reinsurance assumed included related party transactions for life insurance in-force of billion, billion and billion, respectively, and life insurance premiums of million for each of the years. There were no related party transactions for ceded life insurance in-force and life insurance premiums for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

144 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 MetLife provides certain services to the Company on a transitional basis through services agreements. The Company continues to change business processes, implement systems and establish new third-party arrangements, as a subsidiary of Brighthouse Financial, Inc. We consider these in aggregate to be material changes in our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Other than as noted above, there were no changes to the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, these internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management of Brighthouse Life Insurance Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. In fulfilling this responsibility, estimates and judgments by management are required to assess the expected benefits and related costs of control procedures. The objectives of internal control include providing management with reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition, and that transactions are executed in accordance with management s authorization and recorded properly to permit the preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP. 
 Due to its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management has completed an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making the assessment, management used the criteria set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework promulgated by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 Based upon the assessment performed under that framework, management has maintained and concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 

145 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction I(2)(c) of Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction I(2)(c) of Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction I(2)(c) of Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships, Related Person Transactions and Director Independence 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction I(2)(c) of Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 (PCAOB ID No. ( Deloitte ), the independent auditor of Brighthouse Financial, Inc., has served as the independent auditor of the Company since 2005, and as auditor of current and former affiliates of the Company for more than 75 years. Deloitte is a registered public accounting firm with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley and the Rules of the PCAOB. 
 The Audit Committee of Brighthouse Financial, Inc. (the BHF Audit Committee ensures that the engagement of the audit team partners is limited to no more than five consecutive years (in accordance with SEC rules). 
 Independent Auditor s Fees for 2022 and 2021 
 The table below presents fees for professional services rendered by Deloitte for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements, audit-related services, tax services and all other services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. All fees shown were related to services that were approved by the BHF Audit Committee. 
 2022 2021 (In millions) Audit fees (1) 6 6 Audit-related fees (2) 1 Tax fees (3) All other fees (4) 
 _______________ 
 (1) Audit Fees. Fees billed for professional services for the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries (as required), including the annual financial statement audit, the reviews of the interim financial statements included in quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the Company and its subsidiaries (as required), statutory audits or other financial statement audits of subsidiaries, assistance with and review of documents filed with the SEC and other services that enable the independent auditor to form an opinion of the consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries (as required). 
 (2) Audit-Related Fees. Fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the audit or review of the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries (as required) and for other services that are traditionally performed by the independent auditor. Such services consist of fees for accounting consultations not directly associated with the annual audit or quarterly reviews. 
 (3) Tax Fees. Fees billed for permitted tax services, including tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 
 (4) All Other Fees. Fees billed for this category primarily represent accounting research subscription fees. 

146 

Table of Contents 

 Approval of Services 
 The BHF Audit Committee has established a policy requiring its pre-approval of all audit and non-audit services provided by Deloitte to BHF and its subsidiaries, as required under Sarbanes-Oxley and SEC rules, and this policy is designed to ensure that Deloitte s independence is not impaired. In considering whether to pre-approve the provision of non-audit services by Deloitte, the BHF Audit Committee will consider whether the services are compatible with the maintenance of Deloitte s independence. At the beginning of each fiscal year, the BHF Audit Committee appoints its independent auditor to perform certain audit, audit-related and permissible non-audit services, as approved by the BHF Audit Committee. 
 The BHF Audit Committee provides a general pre-approval, on an annual basis, of audit, audit-related and permissible non-audit services up to amounts reasonably determined by the BHF Audit Committee to be appropriate. The BHF Audit Committee must specifically pre-approve (i) any proposed services that exceed such general pre-approval limits, (ii) tax services and (iii) any additional services that have not been generally pre-approved by the BHF Audit Committee. Deloitte is required to periodically report to the BHF Audit Committee the extent of the services that it has provided to the Company and the fees for the services performed to date. The BHF Audit Committee annually reviews the policy to ensure its continued appropriateness and compliance with applicable laws and listing standards. 
 The pre-approval policy delegates to the BHF Audit Committee Chair the authority to pre-approve audit, audit-related or non-audit services between meetings for individual projects up to certain specified amounts if management deems it reasonably necessary to begin the services before the next scheduled meeting of the BHF Audit Committee. The BHF Audit Committee Chair must report any pre-approval decisions to the BHF Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. 

147 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
 1. Financial Statements: See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements, Notes and Schedules. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules: See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements, Notes and Schedules. 
 3. Exhibits: See Exhibit Index. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 

148 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Index 
 Note Regarding Reliance on Statements in Our Contracts: In reviewing the agreements included as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, please remember that they are included to provide you with information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about Brighthouse Life Insurance Company, its subsidiaries or affiliates or the other parties to the agreements. The agreements contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement. These representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and (i) should not in all instances be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate; (ii) have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement, which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreement; (iii) may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material to investors; and (iv) were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement and are subject to more recent developments. Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. Additional information about Brighthouse Life Insurance Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates may be found elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and Brighthouse Life Insurance Company s other public filings, which are available without charge through the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission website at www.sec.gov.) 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of MetLife Insurance Company of Connecticut (now Brighthouse Life Insurance Company), as effective November 14, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the MetLife Insurance Company USA Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 (the 2014 Annual Report ). 
 3.1.1 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of MetLife Insurance Company of Connecticut (now Brighthouse Life Insurance Company), as effective November 14, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the 2014 Annual Report). 
 3.1.2 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of MetLife Insurance Company USA (now Brighthouse Life Insurance Company), as effective March 6, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Brighthouse Life Insurance Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 (the 2016 Annual Report )). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Brighthouse Life Insurance Company, as effective March 6, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the 2016 Annual Report). 
 4.1 Service Agreement and Indemnity Combination Coinsurance and Modified Coinsurance Agreement of Certain Life Insurance Policies, between MetLife Insurance Company of Connecticut (now Brighthouse Life Insura nce Com pany) and Metropolitan Life Insurance Company (Treaty #20132), as effective January 1, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to MetLife Insurance Company of Connecticut s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 (the 2013 Annual Report )). 
 4.2 Service Agreement and Indemnity Combination Coinsurance and Modified Coinsurance Agreement of Certain Annuity Contracts, between MetLife Insurance Company of Connecticut (now Brighthouse Life Insurance Company) and Metropolitan Life Insurance Company (Treaty #20176), as effective January 1, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the 2013 Annual Report). 
 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 104 The cover page of Brighthouse Life Insurance Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL (included within the Exhibit 101 attachments). 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 149 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 BRIGHTHOUSE LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY By: /s/ Kristine H. Toscano Name: Kristine H. Toscano Title: Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer Date: March 1, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Eric T. Steigerwalt Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) March 1, 2023 
 Eric T. Steigerwalt /s/ Edward A. Spehar Director, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) March 1, 2023 
 Edward A. Spehar /s/ Kristine H. Toscano Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) March 1, 2023 
 Kristine H. Toscano /s/ Myles J. Lambert Director March 1, 2023 
 Myles J. Lambert /s/ David A. Rosenbaum Director March 1, 2023 
 David A. Rosenbaum /s/ John L. Rosenthal Director March 1, 2023 
 John L. Rosenthal 
 Supplemental Information to be Furnished with Reports Filed Pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act by Registrants Which Have Not Registered Securities Pursuant to Section 12 of the Act: None. 
 No annual report to security holders covering the registrant s last fiscal year or proxy material with respect to any meeting of security holders has been sent, or will be sent, to security holders. 
 
 150 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 blic-12312022xex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the below listed registration statements of our report dated March 1, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Brighthouse Life Insurance Company appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Form S-3 
 No. 333-238213 
 No. 333-238215 
 No. 333-252817 
 No. 333-252818 
 No. 333-252831 
 No. 333-263492 
 No. 333-263495 
 No. 333-262390 
 
 s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 Charlotte, North Carolina 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 blic-12312022xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Eric T. Steigerwalt, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 1, 2023 
 s Eric T. Steigerwalt Eric T. Steigerwalt Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 blic-12312022xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 
 Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Edward A. Spehar, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Brighthouse Life Insurance Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 1, 2023 
 s Edward A. Spehar Edward A. Spehar Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 blic-12312022xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 32.1 

SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350 OF CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18 OF THE UNITED STATES CODE 
 
 I, Eric T. Steigerwalt, certify that, to my knowledge, (i) Brighthouse Life Insurance Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (ii) the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Brighthouse Life Insurance Company. 
 
 Date March 1, 2023 
 
 s Eric T. Steigerwalt Eric T. Steigerwalt Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 This certification accompanies this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by Brighthouse Life Insurance Company (the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 blic-12312022xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 
 Exhibit 32.2 

SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350 OF CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18 OF THE UNITED STATES CODE 
 
 I, Edward A. Spehar, certify that, to my knowledge, (i) Brighthouse Life Insurance Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (ii) the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Brighthouse Life Insurance Company. 
 
 Date March 1, 2023 
 
 s Edward A. Spehar Edward A. Spehar Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 This certification accompanies this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by Brighthouse Life Insurance Company (the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 bhl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 bhl-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 bhl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 bhl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 bhl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

